**Mirrors / Alternate angles**   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/MMA) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That AI bot would make a great real MMA judge
Is that Justin Roberts on the call? Neat
Was it a good fight?
It already judged at Sandhagen vs Vera, no?
Kudos to Julia for making it a lot more competitive than I thought it'd be. She looked the best I can recall since taking the title against Marloes; certainly better than she did in her title defense against Arlene. To be fair, though, I haven't seen a lot of her fights since then.
Lmfao beautiful Champ
Alex Pereira was born only to haunt the shit out of Israel Adesanya.  Meet your real life demon, holy fook.
Alex really made the MW division more fun. I would love to see him win and fight Whittaker so we can see some new matchups.
Dead
He quickly became one of the funniest fighters in the UFC
I don't like or dislike Izzy in particular, and I know some people find the things he does cringe, but I can't help but think there's a part of him deep down that is loving this because he's getting to be the protagonist in his own real life anime story arc on the world stage.
Way too many people are counting out Alex IMO, the disrespect he gets is insane, he got controlled on the ground by Adesanya but that’s because Alex tried to initiate a sloppy trip and Izzy sprawled it and ended up on top, that is the only time Alex was on bottom in the whole fight, any other time Izzy tried to shoot a takedown Alex stuffed it easily even in the later rounds where he was a little gassed from getting controlled in Round 3. He may be bad on the ground but getting him down is gonna be a whole other story because not to mention he has the added advantage of being like 220 pounds at 185 because Alex is superhuman apparently and can cut down to this weight consistently so that’s a 220 pound man that a middleweight fighter has to get down to the ground
I think if he wins he will either fight khamzat at 185 or move up and fight for the 205 belt. Alex/khamzat would do crazy numbers
Exactly. Alex stuffed all Israel’s takedowns with ease. He only got down when Israel reversed his trip. Alex lost round 3 and 4 because of that imo. If Israel can’t take him down I can see Alex finishing him earlier this time.
I’ve yet to see anyone on Reddit counting out Alex
No, Whittaker vs Pereira is next for sure if Alex wins. Whittaker pretty much confirmed it and Alex too. Khamzat vs Israel would be fun then. I think Pereira will move up after the Whittaker fight, win or lose.
Pereira and khamzat have been talking shit about each other for months now. Whittaker prob deserves it but the ufc wont care. Alex/khamzat would generate crazy levels of hype
The UFC kinda told Whittaker he’s next if Alex wins. They’re not giving unranked khamzat a title shot straight away. He will fight Costa or Vettori probably. He just called out Costa again and Costa wants to fight Khamzat too. No way Khamzat is jumping the line over Whittaker.
If the ufc wants more ppv's which is usually the case i think they will do alex/khamzat and nobody would complain because thats a sick ass fight.  And the ufc would much rather have khamzat take alex's hype then whittaker who has already lost to izzy twice
[UFC 287 Predictions are up](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/predictions/)  [Flair bets are here](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/12d8eu4/official_flair_betting_thread_april_06_2023)
Can I ask why O’Malley is given a pass when it comes to his drug test failures?   I mean the guy couldn’t pass a test for almost 2 years because of “caffeine pills” that he claims were contaminated with Ostarine and now his long time teammate Kyler Phillips has tested positive for that same substance as well.
Kinda makes me think that the UFC were counting on Valentina beating Grasso to then make Valentina vs Nunes 3
Wooo finally the day poatan can walk his dog in the octagon, little guy has to go out!
Cool to see DJ and Cejudo as friends  I’d love too see them recreate the Rocky 3 ending lol
Usually do some prep for the fights  Watch the free UFC fight if available, see their current training, some past breakdowns, maybe seek other past fights of the marquee fighters on the card  This week I did none of that, I guess I'm just gonna come in cold and enjoy the card for what it is
All I want for my cake day is a big booty hoe  All I want for my cake day is a big booty hoe
I want Chipotle
Been here for 5 but I feel like a rookie
Why did I think Lyoto Machida was like Asian lmao
[Just a reminder of the UFC’s all-time greatest pre-fight promo](https://youtu.be/6E0Vghi4qG8)
Whenever Izzy weighs in.  I be looking at his titties like he was Helen Yee.
Cause he hasn’t failed since and that’s like the thing that matters
Machida’s dad was Japanese.
He is
[Here’s the REAL greatest UFC promo](https://youtu.be/wkxaRiyu7AI)
Well Jon Jones hasn’t failed a test since 2018 but we hold that against him, Sean failed a test in 2019 and he gets a pass.
Jon’s failed multiple and has had fights cancelled  Do I care? No, because he’s the greatest ever and who I pray for
I had a feeling that fight was a work
He seemed annoyed whenever somebody brought up WWE at the press conference too
Oh well that’s ok then. I thought it was some broke bitch shit but if money is involved of course dropping all your morals is the move.
I'm having a horrible time understanding the title. They couldn't afford to condemn Dana because they were busy making the buy?
Misleading headline. This is just Dan Le Batard's personal opinion.
Funny how the UFC would straight cut fighters who it surfaced had DV history in the past hell they once cut an Aboriginal Aussie Fighter for a meme he posted years prior to getting into TUF because it had the N Word in it after a rival fighter dragged it up.   Now Dana slaps his wife on camera it's news for a day lol.
Can someone give a quick rundown on McMahon and what they are referring he did that was so bad in the article for those of us who don't watch WCW or whatever?
A podcaster gave his opinion lol. And yeah they were clearly trying to avoid controversy, that’s why the first thing they fucking did was bring back Vince McMahon lol
this is literally just speculation by dan lebatard
Meh, I really don't care about this shit. Shit was overblown AF. Dana sucks. She sucks.   More news at 11.
Damn…dont care
No one actually cared about it, right?  I think people just want to be too involved in the business of other people.
The slap I could believe but the steel chair was too far
He’s mad Vince is his boss IMO
Vince got in trouble for sexual misconduct this year
Honestly it was a little overblown. I like your outlook. These are two shitty people fuck bowlth of them B.
Vince won't be his boss
Whoa whoa whoa, this ain't changs bapa, differn't lains umeego
Dana won’t be answering directly to Vince, however Vince will be above Dana in the pecking order after the merger, hence the “boss” talk.
Correct, he’s his bosses boss
Lmao people down voting because they love the taste of Dana’s nuts
Why is he above? Is it because WWE is worth more? Edit: just googled it. WWE was sold for 9.3bn. Thats insane
Yeah b, what sub is this again? Fuckin smoke brakes over
seniority maybe
Vince was removed from his president position when he had the scandal, however with acquisition he is the chairman of the new company which owns both of them
Because in this merger, the WWE shareholders are basically swapping half their WWE shares for half of UFC's shares in terms of what they own post merger.  This means Vince owns 17-18% of the UFC through his older WWE ownership. All of this is well over Dana's pay grade and occuring a tier above Dana's role.
**Mirrors / Alternate angles**   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/MMA) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Coming back 3 months later after getting knocked out in 1 round is never a smart move.
I was saying Scheffel looked like he was gonna get a finish and not even 10 seconds later he got TKO'd lol
Scheffel sounds like some kind of german potato-dish
He was looking good till he wasn’t
**Mirrors / Alternate angles**   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/MMA) if you have any questions or concerns.*
ladd was a -600 favorite lmao
i can't believe adalaide byrd scored it correctly!
I couldn’t believe when the live odds showed Olena -120 with like :30 left. Went straight to DK and hammered that, was nervous as they announced the decision but I couldn’t believe they had the odds there that late in the fight
Aspen Sadd :(
Aspen down Badd
Man what a huge drop off from Ladd since she was in UFC. Couldn’t make weight in UFC and in PFL she was only strong enough to bring down a 146 pounder after getting fatigued from two rounds.   To be fair the Ukrainian girl looked 20 pounds heavier once she was hydrated and didn’t make weight. I mean she chopped he hair off trying to make weight   Ladd She looks bulky and much less athletic. PFL is overpaying her
Didn't watch the fight but Olena is legitimately really bad. The fact that Ladd lost this fight is so damning on her career. Can't believe she got multiple main events in the UFC.
Whoever is behind the scene urging Ladd to continue needs to stop. She’s had one moment where she showed urgency in her entire career and has been coasting of that ever since. Not everyone is ment to be a fighter, just because you are big girl doesn’t mean you have that dog in you
Endeavour stock plummeting with this one
That announcer could’ve done a better job. Why not start with the draw then go into who won twice  with the score cards? He killed the announcement after giving one scorecard then announcing the “winner by majority” like lol
Kolesnyk is crazy, I like her. Happy they didn't rob her, but she needs to get her weight on point if she wants to advance to the playoffs.
With all due respect, something about aspen ladd’s face makes me root against her.
Aspen was so much smaller she had a hard time getting takedowns. On the feet Kolesnyk didn't want to engage and stayed on the outside potshotting.   Snoozer fight.
It’s a good thing her coach-brother-friend-dad-boyfriend was there to comfort her afterwards.
Yeah, unfortunately as soon as she made that coach/boyfriend relationship official, she officially doomed her career. She’s essentially a regional fighter that has never developed.
What happened with the clock lol?
I think it was at -440 in the other direction at one point  Watching the transition was hilarious
Where do you guys bet on the PFL? I’m from Michigan and it doesn’t show up on my draftkings but when I was in New York it did
PFL can't afford to pay the judges to fix fights.
She's been...not terrible in recent months lol
Olena was the one who didn't make weight
It's getting easier to say she actually was never good anyways.  In UFC or not.  Good when she was able to be physical as kind of a weight bully.  That's about it.  Two of her 4 wins before being exposed by GDR were over Sijara Eubanks who wasn't a proper 135er
i don’t think olena turned over her first on a jab the entire fight, meanwhile aspen was bobbing and weaving her head way out of a range in what i can only assume was a tribute to robbie lawler in his fight against colby covington
Just how bad is the UFC? World famous Regional Show
That was legitimately awful. You just say both judges ‘A’ and ‘B’ score the bout 29-28 in favour of winner etc…
Chill on the mythical wobbly lawler
It’s mixed martial arts dude, for the fighters and fans. You can like grappling, I can like striking, someone else can like both. Grow up.
I agree that fans should stop complaining about grappling but I do agree that a lot of grappling sequences are extremely boring. Guys who have dominant wrestling but 0 submission skills are what gives grappling a bad name in MMA. I think this comes down to the ruleset since there are a lot of positions that makes it incredibly hard to hit your opponent while on the ground when your on top. If strikes to the back of the head, and kicks/knees to a grounded opponent were legal then it would make for a lot more interesting ground fighting.
Because knockouts and big hits are compelling and generate excitement. You get nervous watching a fight and invested when two guys are swining and you don't know what's going to happen next.  A lot of the excitement is lost when you know exactly whats going to happen for the next 3 minutes when a guy gets a takedown and can't do much on the ground, or a guy like Merab spends 20 out of 25 minutes of a fight sniffing Yan's balls.
Regarding your PS - you do understand that the refs work for the state athletic commissions and have nothing to do with the UFC? They show up and do their job. Then they go to bellator. Then BKFC. Then ONE. At least educate yourself
Mma fans need to stop telling people what they should and shouldn’t enjoy
Never!
Depends. I don't mind ACTIVE ground action. But when the whole round is wasted and no damage, scrambles, or sub attempts, then it sucks.  If you're on top of someone, you should be doing damage. If not, stand them up. Same with riding someone's back for a whole round but the guy is never in danger. Why watch that?
Flyweight champ is a wrestler who learned to strike to win a title.  Bantamweight champ is a grappler who learned to strike to win a title.  Featherweight champ is a clinch grappler who learned to strike to win a title.  Lightweight champ is a sambo grappler who learned to strike to win a title.  Welterweight champ is a clinch striker who heavily utitlizes grappling in his fighting.  The heavyweight champ essentially won with grappling.  What the fuck are you talking about?  It's the mix of the arts that makes fights compelling.   The idea that the promotion is leaning too heavily in favoring strikers completely ignores its history of often gifting dominant grapplers with match ups against notable strikers who can't grapple.  Hell, I love Khabib, but how many actually elite grapplers did the guy every have to face after his first few years in the UFC?  Great strikers put grappling champs over.  Get over your bias.
It's that fans and even fighters want only kickboxing
> Guys who have dominant wrestling but 0 submission skills are what gives grappling a bad name in MMA.   Not only that, but it's easier to play defense on the ground if you're not actively trying to get up or reverse the position. For instance, even a great grappler like Burns couldn't do much against Wonderboy because WB was content staying down without risking too much. He even commented this week how he sought to add G&P to his ground game after that.  IMO the absolute worst is cage pushing without ever finishing a takedown.
I mean, I know I'm an outsider looking in, but elbows to the side of someones head (like what Gary Goodridge vs Paul Herrera that everyone knows about) while you're on top of your opponent nd their flat on their back in a crucifix would allow wrestlers to finish easier. I just check and apparently they're not illegal but I remember hearing something years ago that that elbows to the side in a crucifix position is illegal now in the UFC.
I always thought stand up battles were boring as hell (marcus davis vs. chris lytle, bisping vs. akyima to name a couple). God back in the day I knew I was in for a snoozefest when chris lytle fought.
Thanks for telling me what I already know. There's this new invention called corruption, you may wanna look it up.
I think it’s that you want everybody to only like what you want. Clearly there are fighters and fans who appreciate grappling.
...no?
>IMO the absolute worst is cage pushing without ever finishing a takedown.  Basically Vera vs. Couture
The ole wall 'n stall
That’s another one of those stupid rules because it’s only illegal to throw elbows from a crucifix when the opponent is facing away from you like your Gary Goodridge example but if you are elbowing them from crucifix when they are facing the ceiling and your on top like in many of Jon Jones or Matt Hughes fights it’s legal.
Jesus Christ dude...Gary Goodridge hasn't fought in over a decade.  Move on.
You have to be trolling.
You're welcome, boy.
Stalling? Aren't you seeing how much damage the foot stomps are doing?
The officials that decided that probably decided that was too violent when they saw what is considered by a lot to be the most brutal knockout in UFC history. Just like how they thought the ice-breaking demonstration was too much for them to allow 12-6 elbows. Not surprising since mma was considered to be immoral by a significant percentage of the public.
Yes, because stand-up decisions are so exciting...
Yeah, Edgar Maynard II and Hunt Silva I were fucking dog shit.
That looked like an early stoppage to me.
Wait, PFL is airing amateur fights?!
Amateur fights with 4oz gloves? Jeez
Amateurs fight for free, no point in letting that guy get put to sleep.
It’s an amateur fight. They stop them quicker
True
Holland is a shit starter end of story. The more backstage altercations he gets in the more I don’t want to hear about him. His talking was fun at first but now I just want him to shut up and win some fights.  Edit: I did not watch the interview. Don’t really care what happened honestly
Holland's a adhd dude with no filter and low education. He talks shit cause he has no filter and annoys everyone.  I like him more now he talks less in the cage but God he was obnoxiously annoying earlier on and the way everybody acted like he was some incredibly fun talent because he couldn't stay focused and shut the fuck up lol  I'm adhd myself so I just found it frustrating to watch.
I’d be happy for them to build up Holland vs Masvidal, even if it’s with dumb stuff like this. I love watching Holland fight.
Tbh you're bang on in the sense of he just tries to get big fights by harassing ppl until they take it personally, but I do find the guy endearing
Back stage altercations make headlines, headlines create hype and recognition, hype and recognition create opportunities and interest, which then creates more money. Sometimes it’s unfortunate, but if these guys want to stay relevant and make money, it’s what they have to do in this era of the sport.
Masvidal will leave his gloves in the octagon after the fight unless he (very unlikely) starches Burns in dominant fashion
Situation seems similar to Leech's recent medical issues, except here it resulted in full on lower body paralysis. Crazy reminder to keep safe and protect your health
Awful. Reminds me of poor takayama. Shows why these guys need to be paid
Head injuries are obviously really dangerous, but MMA fighters get their knees, hips and backs FUCKED up and people often just hand wave it away.
Aw damn that sucks.  Dude was a good and exciting fighter.
I still remember that insane fight on the early prelims against Marco Polo Reyes.  Is this something he can fully recover from?
This guy was a good fighter I remember being impressed with some of his grappling. Wishing him the best.
damn, i remember when he beat Gomi, I was shocked. That is tragic.
It's a good thing he is not American.  South Korea has affordable medical care.  He would have been bankrupted if he was an American.
I've had back problems on and off for years, no way I could hold a grown man on my back even in my best condition. I coud see kickboxing being possible but not wrestling.
Not a doctor but in the video he says his doctors still think there's a chance he can recover. He says since surgery he's regained some sensation in his legs, he describes as almost like a cooling / minty sensation while he's getting stretched out. I don't know what the actual chances are like considering they are trying to be positive in the video.
**Mirrors / Alternate angles**   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/MMA) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Not surprised Jones refused to move up until Greene left the UFC
The handspeed. Francis is fucked.
Jesus Christ Greene is so bad. That was the start of the second round and he was so gassed he was pushing fists.
Green is so bad lmfao. Looked awful in the UFC too, in addition to being an asshole on TUF.
Happy for Maurice. That was the best he had ever looked, I was starting to worry for him after De Castro's fight but good to see Jon has a positive influence on at least one of them.
Damn Amanda let herself go
Nunes gassed and got rocked in the first round. In round 2 Greene just finished what he started and somehow had one of the better fights on this card.
Nunes really put on some weight since her last fight.
Crochet Boss! Keep working!
He was teaching that guy how to defend a la Holloway vs T-city. Few understand this.
Yo don't disrespect this man! He trains with Jon Jones
Hey, that's "formerly ranked in the UFC's HW top 15" Maurice Greene to you.
I was not familiar with Maurice Greene until I watched a compilation of TUF moments from that season. Dude seemed like a horrendous drunk, but I was also wondering what happened to Juan Espino. AFAIK, he’s still in the UFC.
[removed]
Fought on a McGregor PPV too. Crochet Boss!
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
We got Chase Sherman back after being cut 4 times tomorrow. We don’t need heavyweights like Francis
Oh damn you reminded me that we’re no longer getting Chris vs Sherman tomorrow and now I’m sad. Barnett showtime kick win has to wait for another time.
Well, that's not very nice of him.
I reading that he hit his brother with a piece of wood then ran away in tears. Idk if they were arguing or what. If he died instantly or from the injury later. But only 2 years sentence feels like he probably didn’t mean to kill him on purpose. Indonesia has the death penalty. They do firing squad and even being a drug smuggler can get you killed there.
**Mirrors / Alternate angles**   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/MMA) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Crazy kick, perfect distance
OH SHES KICKED HER IN THE FACE
As Chester Stone once said, "GAW MUTHAFUKIN DAMN!"
was herzog having trouble seeing through those glasses...reeeealllly didnt need to see any follow up on that KO imo
HAYWARD
Whipped that leg up there!
That's what having Jessica-Rose Clark in your corner will do for ya.
I saw nothing of this fight or the fighters but man she looking like Shane burgos
Damn. That’s the same head kick Rose landed on Zhang. Absolutely fantastic head kick.
From this video angle, it sure seems the ref watched her fall over clearly  unconscious and then wait to see what might happen next.  From another angle, I'm sure it would look more thst he was actually getting into the  perfect  position to check, make sure, and call it
As if Jessica clark finishes any fights and is any good at MMA, She is a former Bodybuilder lmao.
No I think he was like 'Mmmm...The fans, you know, they paid a lot of money.  Maybe one or two more.  for the fans.'
She’s definitely won more than you
I don’t beat up women like Floyd.
Uh. Ook.
Eye pokes most likely. You can’t rest with your fingers pointed directly at the opponents eyes.
Having your fingers extended towards your opponent is illegal (though not enforced as often as it should be) because it causes your opponent to risk getting poked in the eye if they try to close the distance. If fighters have their palms open their fingers legally should be pointing upward.
There are bonus points for in-fight games given out when they are tallying the score. Fingers up is a game like rock paper scissors where you have to put up a number of fingers at the same time as your opponent, if the resulting number of the combined participants fingers is an odd number the red corner scores a point, if it's an even number the blue corner scores a point. You have to anticipate what the other guy is going to do and try and counter that.
Holding fingers outstretched towards the opponent is a foul due to how often it leads to eye pokes on opponents as they close the distance, so refs will give warnings to stop doing it when they see it. Fingers up, as in pointing towards the sky when the hands are open, is one way to position the hands such that eye pokes are less likely to happen.
Feeengaz
Ohhhh. That makes some sense. Thanks for the quick reply!
Your a legend
To see this demonstrated, please see any Jon Jones fight except for the one against Cyril Gane, where it ended before he had a chance to.
Or the Reyes fight, Jones lost that one but I do think he fought pretty clean there
I think jones hasn't even landed an eye poke since his first title reign. Correct me if I'm wrong though.
They ain’t surpassing jackshit so long as they got that godawful pacing
I think ONE is a solid name with actual meaning. PFL is incredibly generic, which is a double edged sword I guess. Structure is a great point but unfortunately it's why they don't have elbows, which sucks. The smart cage point makes sense but they need to tone it way the hell down.   I think currently, ONE is in the best position. At the end of the day, if you sit down and watch a ONE event for the first time, even if you don't know the fighters, you end up wrapped up in the fights because their rulesets are the best in the game, and the production value is insane, and the pacing is leagues above everyone else. A lot of people try PFL and don't come back
I wouldn’t say that Football is Fifa or that boxing is WBC, etc.  Football is usually premier league, champions league, World Cup, Euros, etc. it’s only an initial for MLS which isn’t that popular. FIFA is just fifa for the video game and the organisation for inter-continental championships (World Cup/confederations/club World Cup£  I’m a casual boxing fan but I’d really struggle to say which belts Fury has. People ask if you’re watching a specific fight, they don’t ask if you’re watching the WBC title fight
Honestly, I've never heard of PFL and I have Belator and UFC synced to my calender. Tell me more?
Most people associate MMA with the UFC. To the point where they actually call MMA, UFC.   If the UFC are amazing at one thing, it's branding.
The only problem is once you watch the fights and the league and let down 99 percent of the time.
There’s a reason why the old joke is that someone trains UFC … people associate mma with the UFC directly like American football is the NFL despite there being other leagues.  The PFL could find a way as a good alternative but their problem is everyone else’s problem: the ufc sucks the air out of every room and can put together big cards every month.  Bellator can put together a big card once or twice a year by comparison.
They’re still growing. The format is great. They recently started an “Embedded” series on YouTube as well.
Remember when Jake Paul was gonna make the PFL huge? Good times.
Just looking at youtube videos One has 6.3mil subscribers to PFL being under 500k.  Bellator has 1.6 million.  This is just youtube,  but One is really gaining some traction especially with the monthly event on Prime (its free with Amazon Prime)
No elbows really does make a huge difference, doesn't it?
ONE is actually my favorite over even the UFC, I've yet to see a boring ONE Championship card. Though I have serious concerns with Chatri's leadership.  To write this post I had to put on my marketer hat and remove my MMA fan hat.
It's a series of 6 MMA tournaments running as a regular 12 episode season on ESPN (depending on where you live, it might be free on Youtube). Every Champion wins a million dollars in their season finale that has 6 championship fights in one night.  It's actually airing right now, one of their fighters is Muhammed Ali's granson and he's about to fight  Personally, I would suggest you add ONE Championship to your callendar before PFL. I've yet to see a boring ONE card.
That and the tournament-format encourages fighters to go a lot safer, especially with no elbows due to the quick turnaround. The fights are still relatively high-level, but makes for some real stinkers sometimes. Lance Palmer's two runs are good examples of this.  Overall, I still like what PFL's trying to do, but the product is bland. Their commentary is probably the best part; hope they can stick around.
Thank you for the insight. I've considered adding ONE but between the two I have, I already miss more than I'd like between MLS  and work, I just love MMA. I'll check PFL. Thanks for turning me onto something new
This might be just a synonym for a loss by retirement ? As in, he gave up between rounds.
It's how I describe my childhood.
Joe Son has a loss by submission (terror)
Sometimes you gotta cut and run
Did he say he was going to go for some smokes and just not come back?
My guess would be when you refuse to fight — like continuously won’t turn and face your opponent or won’t get up off the ground. Something like that.   Never heard of it before though.
>In case of a low blow or accidental hit after the bell, a fouled boxer may be given up to 5 minutes to recover from the foul. If a fouled boxer decided not to continue, he will lose by **abandonment**, unless the referee decides to disqualify the offending boxer at his/her discretion and the doctor’s opinion.The referee may disqualify the offending boxer after warnings, point deductions and for continuous fouls. If a boxer is injured by any action by himself or his corner men, he will lose by **abandonment.**  &#x200B;  Found some info on a boxing rules website. Seems like it has to do with an incidental illegal blow that renders the recipient unable to continue. My question is why this wouldn't be a "No Contest". The fight must have been set up where it can't go to a draw/NC for whatever reason.
Yeah when my dad left before I was born.   Ha…
Yeah that’s how my father got his win over me
So did his opponent just peace out after R2 or something
Walking out of the octagon
Matt Serra's brother lost because he wouldn't get up from butt scoot.  Like, that's what it is officially listed as.   https://www.sherdog.com/fighter/Nick-Serra-3225
I remember seeing a video of an MMA fighter (not sure if it was UFC) showing up to the arena, entering the octagon, and then promptly leaving. Apparently he only showed up so that he could get the “show fee” from the organization, and it was also a show of protest towards the organization for not paying fighters enough or something. Not sure if that counts as a loss by abandonment.
If you trophies what???? Come on man, I need to know
Bro thinks he’s Bang from OPM
Yeah it was pride mezger vs kazushi. While it’s officially a retirement, the fight ended in a draw. Sent to a extra round. Then mezgee just left the ring and went backstage.
“where’s your kid at”
Its when instead of throwing in the towel, your corner gets so ashamed to be seen with you that they leave the arena and never come back.
Diego Brandao lost his fight with Aliev because he hopped the cage and left during it lol
How do you lose by terror? Like did his opponent put on a frightening mask on between rounds or something?
Is he my Dad?
Me too brother. Me too. I was then lied to by my family for about 20 years that the guy my mom married and who was "raising" me was not my bio dad. I had no idea my mom was even married before. Explains a lot about my childhood though.
I think that was a boxing match … as soon as the bell rang, he bounced out of there .
That was super controversial at the time. One of the shadier incidents in PRIDE.
No, he threatened to call the cops.
No, he’ll be back soon. There’s a long line
No, I am. Stop trying to find me
Imagine being the person who has to answer that call.  “911 what’s your emergency?”  “I’m being beaten up in a cage for money.”
It was more a joke about calling the cops on Joe Son because of his rapey past.
Joe Son is such a fuckin meme.   Dude was in an Austin Powers movie, was convicted for a group-rape, and then proceeds to murder his cellmate, and his most memorable moments in MMA are   A: Struggling to replicate Kimo Leopoldo's carrying a cross to the octagon.  B: having his nuts destroyed by Keith Hackney.
Them Keith Hackney nut shots are poetry in motion
This looks like nonsense to me...
Peterson does vocals in a couple of hardcore bands IIRC. Cool guy.
I can smell the booze and cigarettes from here.
I heard he yells “Sir, are you ready?” before fucking.
he smoked 2 packs of ciggs and smashed 12 beers after that fight
Before booze and cigs consumed him 😔
He popped for ethanol and nicotine and never really recovered after that suspension
How many packs a day did he smoke back then?
Pics from his battle vs alcohol and cigarettes. He lost by KO at the end of losing 3 10-8 rounds.
That DVD case probably smells like cigarettes.
Looks like he could be Pete Rodriguez’s dad
Keith "Little Nonsense" Peterson
Totally got the vibe he was into HC, doesn't he have a blood for blood tattoo as well?
If someone could find me a link to this I'd greatly appreciate it!
The blurriness of the box cover is due to smoke and nicotine residue
before*
Good, he's 27 and really talented.
If they sign also sign Doumbe for this card. And also get George Hardwick, Lewis McGrillen, and Paul Hughes for the London card, the UFC will really have done an awesome job with their signings this year. Way less of the COVID BS they did from 2020-2022
UFC is going HARD on signings this year. Lazy King is a fucking stud and this has been a long time coming.
Great signing if true
That’s fuckin nuts, I like that they’re going back to signing really good guys as well. I love the exciting DWCS guys even if they aren’t great, they keep the prelims exciting, but this is the type of shit I wanna see on main cards
Khamzat+Dariush+Yair
For anyone doubting since Fernand is an idiot sometimes, Abdoul seemingly confirmed it on Twitter as well.  https://twitter.com/lazykingmma/status/1644446696045260800?s=46&t=vMZK3Fn7X9MvpBo7Jhe-IA
UFC scooping em up. Still pissed they missed on Soldic and that the doumbe fight fell through. 2022 wouldve been a buffet. Waiting on Salahdine and Keita.
You'll get subbed if you give give this guy half an opening. His wrestling and submission game is insane. Very excited to see him in the UFC!! Ufffff!
No fucking way, I cannot believe the signings that we’ve gotten this year, shit even this week
Men from that region of the world even have the exact same body hair wtf lol
Huge if true. The lazy king is one of the top 3 best non-signed WW prospects  out there. First Maksum and now this.
I waited for this day so much time.  I am just a bit afraid by the striking he showed against Amoussou but if he can surpass this in ufc he will destroy the category. Add that he is a showman, walks out on the John Cena music and do crazy flips after fights, he is a future star for sure. The beginning if France supremacy in ufc i hope
He looks like Borat cosplaying as Khamzat.
I thought Abubakar was the lazy king
It says he last fought at middleweight, do you think he will fight at 170?
I really like Hardwick. I'm surprised the UFC haven't signed him up already considering the way he fights. He has a really fan friendly style.
They’re taking the “they don’t have the best fighters anymore” shit seriously
What are some of the big signings this year besides this one?
His top game and submissions are NUTS!
At first I thought you were talking about Mo Salah and Naby Keita
I still can’t believe they didn’t sign Soldić.
How's his striking?
I KILL EVERYBODY....... NOOOOOOTTTTTT
I think he's normally a welterweight, he wanted to try out middleweight for his latest fight but visibly struggled against his larger opponent IIRC.
Azat Maksum, Gabriel Santos, Chris Leeroy Duncan, Adu Almabaev.
He never had to strike in a fight as he always takedown and finish his opponents easily (Except his last fight but he was against the 38th middleweight on fightmatrix, and now he is coming in ufc as a lightweight). But from the very little we saw it was not good at all.
I like you … I like to punch you. It’s nice.
I bet the UFC told everyone he made $300k
Wonder what fight
Between fighters saying things like this and Ariel Helwani claiming the fighters make much more than is publicized, I’m guessing some guys do make some decent change
That’s way better than “about tree fiddy”
Ariel was right. These guys get way more than their disclosed pay. At least for the top guys. I would've guessed Pettis' biggest payday was maybe 1.5-2m.
Honestly not bad, and also matches the known fighter anecdotal scale revealed by Chael and Rampage.  Pettis-RDA: 3.5m pay day/300k PPV  Liddell-Rampage: 5m pay day/650k PPV  Chael-Silva: 8.8m pay day/925k PPV
I’m looking for the biggest condom depot payout.
It’s time to realize they make more than we think (but still not enough)
Fighter added: Anthony Pettis ✅️
The truth is, if you’re a big time fighter or can generate money/views for UFC, they’ll hook you up. Its a cutthroat business
Chris Weidman said he moved to North Carolina because New York was way too expensive for him.
Indonesisn rupiahs
Is that just his purse from fighting? Or is he including sponsorships as well?  I remember GSP said he made $10m from the Bipsing fight but that was including his fight purse, PPV cut, sponsorships and "all that".
Like ariel said these guys get paid more than is disclosed stop whining about it they have big houses and nice cars
Finally the fucking fighter pay bullshit is chilling out. It’s almost as if these guys weren’t Dana’s slaves all along.
How much of that he's blown on gambling is what I really want to know.
Big if true
Should he have gotten paid more ?
God damn, Showtime.  Good for him.
If I had to guess it was probably from the Tony Ferguson fight (which was on the Khabib-Conor undercard).
Kind of makes you think what nganou would have made in a jj fight lol.
3.5 mil for Pettis who at the time was the biggest star in MMA still seems low. Most likely this was the RDA or Melendez fight which was only 8 years ago. Compared to someone like Fedor who was making 2+ mil in much smaller promotions without the corporate sponsors Pettis had this doesn’t sound like a outrageous payday. It’s comparable to what Lesnar was making in his debut when the UFC was half of what it was before the Reebok deal.
crazy, also idk why you'd disclose this kind of thing to some rando online. have some class
And you left for pfl? Come on man
He's joking. He's made way more than just a few grand in every single UFC fight.
Meanwhile, he just boxed Roy Jones Jr for only 650K. I say only because people bitched about Ngannou making the same, minus any other sponsor or non-disclosed money of course.
These kids make way more than anyone knows~ Dana voice
Pettis had some blue chip sponsorship deals and fought prior to Reebok era. 100% this purse was mostly sponsorship money. GSP also made 5 million per fight, but during that time fighters were able to have sponsorships, got a higher share of the PPV and also got a cut of the gate, which fighters nowadays don’t get.  Edit: this is also how GSP was able to secure a guaranteed 2.5 million for the Bisping fight. He was able to use his past earnings from those Montreal gates/sponsorships as leverage to justify a higher guaranteed pay because the newer UFC contracts prevented these streams of income. I’ll never buy this narrative that UFC fighters are well paid even in the context of undisclosed purses because they still earn peanuts compared to championship boxers or any other athletes for that matter .
Safe to assume it was Gilbert or RDA because those are ones we can can assume he had PPV points for by being the champion.  Going by reports, Pettis/Melendez had more buys so quite possibly that one.
100% the RDA fight.   He was champ. He was the main event. Got PPV.   And as Nate Diaz famously said. “I wanna fight the Wheaties guy”. Got tons of sponsorship.
Either the Benson Henderson or RDA fights
I was thinking maybe the Tony fight since it was on the Khabib-Conor undercard. It was the biggest fight in MMA history. Everyone on that card probably got a bigger bump in pay.
I believe champs make a good chunk of the money. But you also have to remember that Pettis’ prime was during a time they could have sponsors. Championship money plus sponsorships = payday that isn’t the modern norm.
Many of them do. Pick a couple random fighters with good records and check out their social media. Nice houses, nice cars, wife stays home with kids, etc
The top ones do. The problem is there is no middle class of fighters anymore
Yeh the top 5 and big names like conor
Yeah but r/MMA told me otherwise so I'm not sure why we're going to trust the people running the company  and fighting it to know any better. In fact, I think people misunderstood this and it's actually not 3.5 M(illion) but 3.5 M(auritanian Ouguiya) which is roughly equal to 10 U.S cents. Fuck Dana the cheap fucking tomato bastard!
The top guys make okay money, but compared to boxing it's still chump change. I could understand it if the lower level fighters were making more, but yeah...
I can’t imagine it would be vs Diaz.   So must’ve been a title fight and I’d imagine UFC was trying to make him the face of the business with all the publicity like the wheeties box.   Maybe Gilbert?
its crazy People really believe Commission payouts. All main eventers or stars in most leagues have different type of deals.
> revealed by Chael and Rampage  Is there anywhere I can watch this? sounds like an interesting discussion
All are pre-Reebok days. Sponsorship meant leverage. Ufc took that away.
Didn't Joe Rogan move from Cali to Texas cuz Cali was to expensive
It’s been a while since I listened to ariel. Has he flipped sides on fighter pay?
It pisses me off that any other narrative is straight up forbidden here. The UFC literally (and I mean literally literally) made the sport what it is today. They're FAR from perfect but if you listen people here you'd think they're evil incompetent ghouls
He was asked a question. How is it not having class lmao. Not everyone cares about being so secretive with their $. Weird to me people are scared to talk about it.
Your entire comnent history is nothing but you bitching. Must suck to be a miserable loser like you.
yeah i'm sure they were still paying him millions to fight Alex Morono on the prelims.
Pettis pulling 750K from PFL was an opportunity which could not be turned down at that stage of his career.
He was at the lowest point in his UFC career during his last fight. He did what all fighters should do near the end of their careers, trade on your name value to an org that will pay a premium for it and usually get easier fights. UFC was probably gonna pay him alright probably but not as much and sacrifice him to young studs. That’s the only use they had for a fighter like Pettis where as a smaller org will still use him as a headliner.   We’ve seen a bunch of fighters do this game plan. Machida, Chael, Werdum, Tito, etc.
Yeah. Some guys had very legit sponsors back in the old days. Hell, Jon was sponsored by the mighty Nike back then. Anderson by Burger King. GSP by Under Armour (he might have been their original marquee athlete tbh). I remember seeing Anthony Pettis Slim Jim wrappers back in the day, not to mention the famous Wheaties box.   Even guys like Brian Stann were raking from sponsorships like TRX.   It's so insane to me how *that* was somehow "less legitimate" than the bullshit we see these guys put up with now
3.5m is pretty similar to most high level championship boxers. Usyk now, fury, wilder, canelo and AJ being exceptions. With most of those pulling in 8-12m. It would also be more than pretty much every sport outside of football (either kind) or baseball and basketball in us only
Don’t forget he was the face of Wheaties as well
100%? Really ? Why not 99%?
UFC fighters make a lot more than is publicly disclosed, but they are still underpaid.   GSP getting a $2.5m guarantee for Bisping? If this was boxing, GSP would have gotten a $25m guarantee easy.
He was the co-main against Gilbert, for a PPV that had 90k more buys than his main event against RDA. I’d wager the RDA fight netted him more. Especially cause his co-main was Joanna and Esparza, and their cut was probably way lower being so such a new women’s division.
Pettis never fought Gilbert Burns. I think you are thinking of Giblert.
Apparently Jon jones was supposed to be the wheaties box guy but he fucked up so much it got handed to Pettis
Lmaoooo
Lmaoooo, not a chance who was 3-5 since losing his belt to RDA making 4m for a co main spot.
You think those sponsors added millions?
Cars and homes can be leased.
Most boxing world champions make far less than 3.5 million a fight. Jose Ramirez is a multi time world champion and made 1 million last weekend. His opponent Richard Commey is also a former world champion and made 270k. Mark Magsayo and Brandon Figueroa are both former world champions that just fought for an interim title and made 300k and 500k respectively. Shakur Stevenson who headlines in Newark this weekend is a unified champion holding all four belts and made 3 million in his last championship defense. Another boxing headliner this weekend on Showtime Championship boxing is Sebastian Fundora, the last Showtime Championship Boxing card he headlined he made 300k, he will make a similar number as the A side this weekend for another interim title defense.   Not everyone makes Floyd Mayweather money.
unless you’re making millions you cannot call 3.5 mil just “okay money”
Boxing is much more established and has many more millionaires backing it so yeah pay is better. And guys at the bottom of MMA promotions make very little so true. But guys at the bottom of boxing cards make even less
For sure it's Gil and Lawler/Hendricks 2. With the traditional PPV points format it benefits them a lot to be the comain.
I would imagine it was right around the wheaties box era. And sponsors were allowed back then lol.
Actually I bet it was against Tony Ferguson at Ufc 229
Whatever take you're trying to make. It's a bad one.
You seem so unlikeable. Your comment karma says otherwise so I’m trying to call this sarcasm but damn.
You can search it up on YouTube. They reveal it on people’s podcast and so it’s easy to find.   https://youtube.com/shorts/UePuBiv3drM?feature=share  https://youtube.com/shorts/KT5stkcIdLo?feature=share
But think of the opportunities…
Adding a condom logo to your shorts did not add millions to the pay.
No
Outrage culture and wanting to find something to be mad at is what it is all about  You even have some ppl backpedaling and going like “only top guys earn this much!”
Lol listen to yourself. You’re the loser
I always wondered how Condom Depot had so much sponsorship money.
Instead of those companies, the UFC gets a new crypto company once a month lol
Hockey and NASCAR
That’s their disclosed pay. You’re forgetting that boxers take a majority of the PPV and gate, in addition to lucrative sponsorships. The gate is where the real money is.
Melendez.
Jones fumbled the Nike deal as well. Guy fucked himself out of so much money.
Mighty Mouse said he made more money from his Xbox sponsorship than he did from the actual fight money.
Wheaties used to pay per box bapa
some fighters like pettis had decent sponsorships, pettis was on the wheaties, ronda had those metro commercials, gsp had underarmour, jbj had nike/gatorade, dj had xbox, silva had burger king, i think brock had jack links/slim jim or something. The top most popular champions alot of them had lucrative deals.
Fighters used to make 4x or 5x their fight purse in sponsorship money.  Frank Mir made like $50k to fight Brock Lesnar for the first time. But then got $250k in sponsorships as well. That was back when people thought Mir was washed up too.  I read this from a Dave Meltzer article on Yahoo Sports back in the day I think. That was in 2008, I can only imagine that the paychecks got much bigger after that as well.  Sponsors paid big money. There was a reason why fighters would spend the first 2 minutes of a post fight interview reading off a list of sponsors and thanking them all until the UFC forced them to stop doing it.  Chuck Liddell was getting like $90k a month from Xyience back in the day. He also got $750k from Warner Bros to go on the road for two weeks and promote *300* and he wasn't even in the movie. That of course led to the interview with Chuck being wasted on air and calling out Tommy Morrison.
Boxing also has like 100 divisions with 4 different belts. So it’s hard to compare.   There are so many “champions”, but they didn’t don’t have any brand name.
It's not just the salaries that matter. Those events don't bring in much so the compensation is naturally small.   Meanwhile the UFC PPVs bring in 500k worth of PPV buys EVERY time and fighters only get 15% of the revenues.   Bellator fighters earn less than UFC fighters. But at least they get 40-50% of revenues.  The UFC is a big parasite and an ATM for Endeavor.
That’s unfair comparisons as Pettis was one of the faces of the company at the time and one of the hottest tickets in town.  Shakir Stevenson made 3million guaranteed for his purse which, considering he is young and hasn’t been in any huge fights, is a bigger purse than more than all but maybe 5 mma fights in history
Based on percentage of the total that goes to the fighter, it’s very low. His largest PPV where he headlined as the champ did 400k sales.   Fury v Wilder 2 did 800k sales and they both had over $25,000,000 total pay. I’m the first fight they had guaranteed 3m and 4m with a cut of the PPV in the millions on top and it only sold 325k buys.
Wipe your tears and stop whining, kid.
Mantis Toboggan needed monster condoms for his magnum dong
Where else are you gonna find a find a variety of size options for the discerning customer w a latex allergy?   Though that one relationship ultimately and tragically fizzled, I owe those guys a debt of gratitude for providing a bevy of options for my weird, wide ass meat, and her ultra sensitive sexy bits.   Can't be sending my loved ones out to American Ninja Warrior with a mean case of crotch barnacles bc of allergies.
NASCAR tops make around 10 for a season that’s pretty on par with 3.5 a fight.   NHL is roughly the same with the average star making around 7m a season top being 12 ish  You get offered 3 fights a year at least.
These include points this isn’t just guaranteed money in the examples. With the exception of when one of those boxers faces another 8-12 is about right. That’s around 2-3m purse with a few hundred thousand sales at 50% (which is pretty heavy A, B side won’t be near that) Most other fighters aren’t doing anywhere near that unless they are b side against one of the above.   Now when one of those names fights another and does millions of buys that changes things, but thats only a handful of boxers and the only ufc fighter that’s been able to do that without a stacked card is Connor or maybe Lesnar
He knows my man, it's a joke because reebok once wrote Melendez first name as "Giblert"
Jones fumbled a wheaties deal, a Nike deal and a Gatorade deal all in a few years. Legendary levels of self sabotage
Sometimes God gives his toughest battles to his biggest dumbfucks.
it wasn’t jones doing nike sponsored more like JDS and silva and nike pulled out of mma sponsorships altogether
Talmbout Cereal Gane B???
That's not the same as per fight.
Right, in boxing you make a lot money if you are a star more than anything else. But there are only a handful of those either. I would argue UFC is sorta similar in that a guy like Nate can earn a ton of money.   As for Pettis though, he was champion but I also wouldent say he’s a major star or anything. He did headline a couple PPVs but I don’t think he’s close to one of their major stars in history or anything.
If you actually look at financials, endeavor has been losing a lot of money on the ufc the last few years. They're hoping to increase revenue to bring the ufc public and hoping for high stock value
Not sure any of this makes the statement “3.5 million a fight is chump change for a top boxer” accurate. Which is what I was responding to.
Shakur is a unified world champion. What do you mean he hasn’t been in big fights? There are a handful of popular boxers spread out between a bunch of weight classes if you are just talking about being popular. Maybe Shakur gets one fight like that at most.   And it isn’t like Pettis fought many major UFC stars either, whose a big name PPV main event draw Pettis fought? It’s really just Diaz near the end of his UFC run and that wasn’t even a main event and far after him being champion.   And I would dispute Pettis as being a top face in the UFC. Anthony Pettis was never one of the top drawing UFC fighters while he was fighting or historically.
You’re coming off as much bigger whiner than me
That's Dr Mantis Toboggan, jabroni
UFC Fighters have a significant expense in paying for their training camp, things like coaches and bringing in sparring partners for championship level fighters isn't cheap. Where as these types of things in other sports are paid for by the organizations.
But he was a major star in his heyday. Had way more push than Dillashaw/Cruz, Aldo, Hendricks/Lawler and Weidman (pretty sure those were the champs around that time). He was "the wheeties guy". Good looking dude and had a lot of swell from the show time kick. Also p4p #3 at the time from memory?
Because your pea brain lacks self awareness. Try to look at your comment history from a third person perspective and you'll realize how pathetic you look.
NASCAR drivers split around 50% of purses with their teams (cited numbers also include sponsorships) so I’d say that’s very comparable.  NHL is a team sport with different economics but they still have a team of people taking some percentage and I’d be very surprised if star athletes aren’t investing In their performance beyond league provided facilities.
None of these people listed here are in the discussion of all time top UFC stars. These are guys that main evented a couple PPVs each. I am talking about guys like Silva, Ortiz, GSP, Brock, Conor, Ronda, Chuck, Randy, Isreal, Jones types. They aren’t close to that. Pettis was on a cereal box, but how many PPVs did he sell? It’s a lot closer to Mighty Mouse than Chuck  And yeah I just listed ten names there but people are saying Pettis earns “chump change compared to boxers” because of a tiny handful of boxers getting huge paydays as well. The reality is is that Pettis did deserve more but it’s not like boxers regularly make more than that either. That’s just false.
You’re insane
Everything???
Israel Adesanya wideshot   Bottom text
Did Izzy dirty with that widescreen image lol
He's risking his 0-3 record against him which is all he has at the moment.
How mentally weak do you need to be to find yourself in an ego contest everyday?
Masvidal simps downvoting
Fuck’n nerds.
..*the fuck you call me*
I disagree, to still be competing at the highest level after the sort of career that masvidal has had shows he’s a very mentally strong person. He just also happens to be a very stupid individual.
Fuck’n nerd.
Fuck’n nerd.
Fuck’n nerd
Fuck’n nerd.
This fight is awful
Bruv I'm just going to become an MMA coach so I can get a girlfriend. Easy money
Budd is a jacked natty 39 year old woman, deal with it
Ladd a -600 is the easiest fade of all time. All in on the Ukrainian brute.
No hate to her but why did ladd ever have any hype
Aspen Ladd was apparently PFL rando level talent all along
only the smartest and best looking people watch PFL prelims
> Professional Fighters League  > Amateur bout  What did they mean by this
Aspen looks and fights like she literally doesn’t give a shit if she loses.  That goofy emotionless face at all times
The final bell was 12 seconds late LOL very professional of the professional fighter’s league
The bell was so late. Smart cage my ass.
12 seconds late...more like they were giving Ladd extra time to finish 😅
Sportsbooks keep making people hate Aspen Ladd and putting a target on her back. I kind of feel bad for her, but this just isn't her sport.
aspen ladd considers dog walking training. just saying. 🤣
That ref cam shot was gold.
WTF Castro’s arms are that short?  Jesus dudes got Cee lo green arms
I love HW fights where neither dude wants to engage because they don’t want to be knocked out, but then they both gas and we get two rounds of dudes who look like me after climbing a few stairs .
Waiting for Herb to forget he isn’t in ONE Championship at the moment and break out the yellow cards.
Herb “mark smith” Dean
Did I just watch a Greene win? WTF
Yeah nah not too comfy with them chatting about the odds every 2 mins
Flava flav is looking good and moves fast for a 64 year old who spent a while addicted crack.
Yo the wind got beaten up badly by Ladd
Someway somehow ladd’s gonna win this isn’t she
Ladd is gonna win a robbery decision
As soon as they said 30-27 you knew who won that.
starting off the card with three low ranked womens fights. i expected way worse. that was actually pretty great all things considered. 🙌
Damn maurice greene look different AF
Did they just announce Maurice Greene. . . Ah, PFL.
Herb Dean was like nah bitch I ain't wearin those goofy ass glasses
Pads being hit is more interesting than this fight
Over under 1 punch per round
Cut them fucking both
TFW even the computerized scoring shits on your performance
They're making a lot of excuses for him when the fact is DeCastro sucks ass. And Marques isn't much better either
“Throw money on Nunes” *Nunes gets brutally finished*
Just after Parker recommends throwing something on Nunes at +235
we seen back acne, we seen face acne, idc, i want to see fists to faces    ready for this main fucking card man
Amateur bout? In the…Pro Fighters League
For all of their faults, Bellator actually has really good pacing. Their prelims are basically one after the other with no downtime, and they do a decent job of killing time between fights.  The UFC is hit or miss, but the PFL’s pacing is downright atrocious. Unacceptable for a promotion trying to compete with the big boys.  They aren’t going to have a better roster than UFC, so they have to find areas of strength. Pacing can be one of those areas, but I doubt it will ever happen due to TV formats, advertisers, all that stuff.
Lol ladd was -600
Aspen Ladd looks quite washed in the smart cage tonight
Promos until main event at midnight right?
ladd didn't throw a 40mph strike lol
Women’s featherweight and Heavyweight are damn near the two most boring divisions in the sport but I got nothing better to do so wassup y’all
Nothing like the useless gas out the arms guillotine
Leibrock was spawned last year by Megan Anderson
Love a good woman gadooshing
I was playing a game and watching this off and in via my iPad. I heard that kick and snapped my head over to the iPad. That was super nasty.
That was like Namajunas vs Weili
Draw round lol
Sparring matches have way more action than this.
Greene actually looks decent. Have him finishing this if he can keep this pace
Greene looks better than the last time I saw him
The secret of Jon Jones heavyweight return win, MAURICE MOTHERFUCKING GREENE
lmao “bet on nunes here”  *gets finished*
Um, watching shows like this (or the Contender Series) makes me wonder what qualifications do you need to be a ‘betting expert’.
Its ok guys, we have another great Heavyweight fighting in the UFC tomorrow. his name is Chase "born to be punched in the face" Sherman
this is a decent fight y'all trippin
Ferreira had full mount and did nothing with it.
If I tuned in right now, I would think the event was over.
Wait this is a different Ali Walsh than the one in boxing?
Ammys were more entertaining than the pros have been
fotn was an ammy. 🤣
Aspen Ladd out here looking like Ryan Hall with that smirk
Ladd is throwing jabs that aren’t within two feet.
Ladd was a -600 favorite at the start of this fight yikes
Hmmm not sure why Ladd was a heavy favorite did we forget her lack of making weights and her past 5 performances were eh
I just looked up and I'm pretty sure purple would knock me out. That's one powerful lookin gal
I’ve heard of throwing arm punches, but I think Ladd throws wrist punches
Twelve seconds late is absolutely wild
12 sec late bell, the judges even asleep next to the ring
Fair judging
Ladd never gonna learn, waits till the 3rd to act like she gives a shit
This pacing is atrocious. Booooooo
2-1 Pach
I know I know it’s Muhammad Ali’s grandson but having an amateur fight on the main card is pretty wild
wuddup fight degens. rooting for japan. hit her high Higashi LFG
Damn Higashi is… terrible
florian gotta cool it with the live drawing 😂
Oh shit Jesus coming out of retirement?
Damn! Just what we needed after the last fight.
Headshot ded
Bang headshot
Remember the name 👀
This lass actually look like she's a proper 145er and not just a chubby 135er.
Interested to see if training with Jon Jones is gonna pay off for Yorgan De Castro and Maurice Greene tonight
Both these guys' ringcraft is doodoo. Marques keeps getting backed up and bouncing off the cage and then De Castro just lets him.... calmly walk to the middle again lol
this guy with the length sucks
2 rounds of patty-cake
I really wish I could like PFL, but there's something about them that is just so incredibly weird.
lol that stunk
If that fight was a parking ticket, it would be two parking tickets
Seems like a clear win for Marques to me. De Castro is too low volume to ever win a decision
What an awful fight.
I wouldn’t be screaming over that performance
My man just fell off the stool while sitting on the stool, good lord
Crochet Boss looks like he actually learned something from the Jon Jones camp, unlike De Castro.
Bro if someone kneed me in the stomach like that right now I'd probably shoot jambalaya down my pantleg
Damn that back acne is something
The commentators look like monks in a choir when they clasp their hands together
I turned this shit on like 25 minutes ago, when is the next fight supposed to happen? Lol
I was thinking that the finish bonus points don't seem to create the right incentives, but maybe every fight would be like that De Castro/Marques fight if they didn't have them.
They’re going to have Jake Paul beat up Joe Riggs or some shit aren’t they
So do they ever fight in this promotion?
Oh jeez, now I understand why they are pimping Ali's grandson so much - they want him to be the opponent for Jake Paul's PFL debut.
None of the talking skills were passed down Ali’s bloodline I see
Ladd not looking good
Watching the odds keep tightening is hilarious
I cant tell if Ladd has regressed, or if she was always been this rudimentary during her success
Even Ladd's movements are annoying lol
Aspen Ladd’s boyfriend/coach needs to yell at her some more
Marques 3-0 for kicking Yorgan’s belly but worst fight of all time
Fuck I love being surprised by a fight card right before it starts
Just seems cruel throwing higashi into this fight lol
Doodling during fights, very tasteful
Sobek started strong but I think she loses :(
Strange, Mokhnatkina gets a finish but no interview yet Martins wins an extremely dull fight but gets a long interview afterwards. I guess she is someone the PFL is trying to push.
Holy shit
She got evil Eye’d
Oh god the dancing though lol
Honestly though that’s a great highlight for her career.  I hope she can make something of herself
brutal knockout, wish they had shown more replays than just the ref cam
OH FUCK NASTY HEAD KIK
Maurice Green?
Random...but I just realized Herb Dean's dreads always look the same...I have yet to see them freshly retwisted...not that it is a problem or anything as they still look fine...
If Marques's fight game was a seasoning, it would be wet cornmeal.
ufc laughing rn
ali walsh is 2-1 in ammys and getting a spot on the main card off grandpa's name. well still prolly will be better than this
BOOOO!
Danilo at least is doing something idk. I seriously dislike mid HW fights
I haven't seen a tactical chess match like that since Till vs Wunderboy
Got that was terrible
Trash ass fight, neither deserves a win
Wait... They're putting an ammy fight in the main card?
I thought Nong-O vs Haggerty was tonight, my disappointment is immesurable and my day is ruined
There's no way this fight will be worse than the last. Right? .... Right?
I don’t know if Jake Paul joining the show is the attraction they think it is.
Oh hell no, if this is a clinch fest I'm out.
Herb tried grabbing a two on one to stop that fence grab lol
I know I said I would never watch PFL after the last event but here I am 😑
Man, PFL is coming to my area soon and I’d go see it but like if I had to sit through these fights live I’d probably regret it
fuckin hell we ain't started main yet? thanks for the piss drink and smoke break
Any hype for Ali’s grandson? Haven’t seen any of his fights yet
An amateur bout? Wtf
Ali sounds dumb as shit.
Oh thank god I was worried we wouldn’t randomly feature Ray Lewis tonight
Did Kolesnyk have to shave her head to make weight?
Someone tell the DJ this isn’t the time of this song 🥴
What shade of tomato is Ladds face?
I love how Adalaide Byrd is always intently standing/closely watching all these fights now.  She’s finally decided to become a student of the game
We are witnessing one of the fights of all time.
Did anybody actually bet on Kolesnyk? 😟 this seems like the easiest money anybody could have ever made
Jesus Christ pfl
NSAC isn't sending their best to PFL shows
Verdict score card scored that one 30-27 in favor of Kayla Harrison
lol, they both still looked unsure when they said it was a majority decision
Correct and fair judging very impressed
Legit laughed out loud hearing the decision. Ladd is terrible.
I like how the screen keeps goes completely black for a few seconds. Nice touch.
ko in the next 10 minutes. gotta be. i got salmon ready. 😂
*sat his ass down*. 🤣
Working up a shit after eating chocolate, boys.
Paul's so fucking fake lol.
Kayla Harrison taking a break from her shift at the local Amazon warehouse
I forgot Lance Gibson Jr. is her step son. Respect for going out with your step mom just a week after being on the receiving end of a vicious knock out.
What would happen if you fed Jessica Andrade only cheeseburgers for 6 months
Larissa used to struggle to make the mark at 155 and now she making 145 without a problem. Great discipline and improvement.
I expected a Pacheco masterclass surprisingly not seeing that
Budd is JACKED!!! Looking like a female GSP.
Elbows would change everything in the PFL...
Just how bad is Kayla Harrison?
Humanity has triumphed over the AI
That smart cage don't know shit
They should call Women's Featherweight Women's Heavyweight.
Dude, take his pen away
New to PFL, couple weeks in, something about the tournament format makes me think PFL fighters are more concerned with grappling and wrestlefucking to get decision wins due to the heavily weighted year-end prize. — There’s no risk taking because it’s not just a loss, but a loss that eliminates you from big money on the spot.
That poor girls face is wrecked.
clack 👀
Damnnnnn
360 no scoped
This women's featherweight tourney is off to a decent start
Even covered in a sweater top Meagan can’t hide that massive back & delts
Wasn’t De Castro supposed to fight Golstov as a replacement for Delija? Is Delija out of the whole season?
These dudes are scared of each other
The rare "let's work" from the ref when they are at range
Women’s fight prior was 1000x better
Kayla Harrison is running from the grind.
The Crochet Boss
This mf'er gassed after 2 minutes of clinching
i forgot jake paul is signed with pfl now lmao
The Heavyweight division the last years has regressed 35 years. Its fking TERRIBLE now. Mark Coleman and Don Frye from the early 2000s would beat these dudes 100/100 times
Greene first round, but a bad round lmaoo
Greene looked better than he has in years. Didn’t expect that but good for him.
Greene training with Jones paying off. Looks way better than the last time I saw him in the UFC
Nunes was tired and hurt...and if Maurice Greene could just tighten up his technique a bit more...he would be a lot more formidable when striking...
This shit is $110 minimum per seat in Atlanta. $25 standing room.
Issue with womens 145 division is that it’s too spread out between PFL, UFC, and Bellator and not that deep to begin with. But if the division combined with those 3 orgs it would actually be a pretty fun division to watch.
For the love of god can’t there be at least onde exciting fight man
That fence grab was rather egregious.
“DONT GRAB THE FENCE”  Yeah that worked Herb
Wow, such a blatant cage grab
Lol this promo seems like the direct result of contract disputes with Kayla.
I forgot how disappointed Sefo looked giving her that belt
damn they did her dirty with that 1st person pov cam lmao
Second week in a row the card has been shit! Not a good start for this season
“Eventually you do plan to have ~~dinosaurs~~ MMA fights on your ~~dinosaur tour~~ MMA show, right?”
Wait, so why is Cappelozza the favorite?
There’s a 50/50 chance Dana is at the blackjack tables near these fights as we speak
How do I even watch this in Australia?
I love Ali but I'm gonna laugh if this guy gets sparked after they've been trying so hard to milk his name
Keys to win: Control the distance. Keep up pressure. Be Mohammad Ali's grandson.
Wait wtf this is muhammed ali's grandson
Cant fault the kid, just PFL for deciding to feature him this early in his potential career
PFL did this last weekend, do they run out of advertising? Why is it just a live feed of the crowd and ring?
Just tuned in a few minutes ago and they seriously had an amateur fight on their main card?
This seems like it will be an easy season for Pacheco. Is anybody is this tournament really on her level?
I am terrified for Ladd. Jesus Christ.
I've got the same haircut
Hold on thats Ryan Hall you can’t fool me
Ladd has head movement, but it's the same pattern over and over. Doesn't take a good striker long to pick their spot and connect.
Ladd’s punches are missing by a mile, does she only have one eye or something
Ladd has some of the most telegraphed takedown attempts and if she can't get you down you witness how bad her striking is
bethe correia-esque is apen ladd with her strikes, joe
UFC Mainstay Aspen Ladd can’t fight for shit
Wait, late bell. That is rather dodgy.
12 seconds late wtf
Bell ringer busy checking their Twitter feed
This makes me appreciate the UFC having Jessica Andrade, welli, and Joanna J before she retired
One of them commentators singing along 🤡 clown show lmao
The early bouts easily shits on the main card.
Scheffel looks like a gigantic Robbie Lawler
Cappelozza looks like a cross between Gregory Rodrigues and Yoel Romero
Okay, that came out of nowhere.
Damn, scheffel was feeding him and got caught
I wonder what he said to the other corner?
Why does it take longer to announce winners of finished fights than it does for decisions? PFL sucks.
Jake Paul vs Ray Lewis is the people’s main event
If the PFL had a group play system and got ride of points, and had better production and tightened up the dead air time they could be a really good mma promotion
Kayla Harrison is built like Alice, the guard from superjail
budd's got a *hell of a core*.
Bellator > PFL
Lighting up some BC budd for my country mate right now
Julia Budd looking more like Julia Tren
Budd having flashbacks of her fight with Cyborg in there
Rooting for the maple syrup person.
Kayla: Head mooment for fuck's sake!
👁👄👁
budd doing surprisingly better than i expected too
The problem is Pacheco fights exactly like Jessica Andrade. They have the exact same weaknesses.
Random but does Julia Budd have any bod fat...she looks super lean...but in a good way...  EDIT: body fat
smooth armbar escape from julia
That man sleeping in the bg
Fans officially smarter than AI.
Funny how the headkick KO wasnt nearly the fastest kick
30-27 on two of the judges scorecards is just wrong. I mean the right person won.   But no way Pacheco won the second round. I guess when she pulled that reversal on the takedown that somehow won her the whole round   Julia Budd looked great!  Happy for her. Featherweight is definitely not the right weight class for Pacheco.
I'd have to press charges if they showed the ref cam shot after I just got yeeted
Aspen Ladd looks like she has the personality of a potato
Yordan wondering if Megan is in his weight class
She got that Brian Ortega cut
They both are looking very sloppy. Hands down, trading hooks, weird transitions on the ground where they either give up worse position or slams their own face to the mat. Just a weird fight
very soft stoppage
This card can only go up after that right?
cmon POLSKA!!! Sobek by KO
Sobek is the name of the Egyptian Crocodile God character from the game Smite. He would dash at you and throw you backwards, really annoying.
2-0 Martins
Sobek is addicted to clinching lmao
OH SHIT
damn
Damn!!!!  Good for her!!
Wowza
Damn, that was a slick knockout.
i get that they're tech savy but the photoshop on the photos is too much.
Mark Smith
OAM vs Burgos is such a potential banger.
Is Biaggio still fighting? I don't see him in the espn lineup. Maybe pulled out?
If your yorgan wins this with 15 strikes landed
When Marques started yelling, De Castro was like, wait, did I lose this one?
Damn so Ante Delija just not in the tournament at all anymore? Wasn’t in the rankings
Really hoping to see Maurice Greene get starched
Well if nothing else at least the pacing is great.
Greene said he cut down to only half of a pick of cigs a day to prepare for this. Put the rest of the division on notice
Mark Smith call a fence grab challenge: (impossible)
Marcelo’s striking looks terrible
Nunes keeps moving forward with his head down.
Uh oh ! Nunes is gassed !
maurice straight took that dudes lunch money 😂
Bro wtf was Nunes plan
I have never seen Maurice Greene win a fight or even a round before. He always seems like such a nice guy I’m glad he finally put it all together
Marcelo’s striking looked terrible even for heavyweight standards. Embarrassing
PFL is Great Value brand UFC.
DID MEGAN JUST COMMIT SUDOKU LIVE ON TV WITH THAT LINE?
The odds made it seem like Nunes was actually good at fighting ..?
Am i spoiled or is the pacing slow?
Kuniev got some bad bacne
Does rampant back acne signal steroid use or is that an old wive's tale?
Probably 45 minutes before the next fight
Lol that’s… not an accurate promo Wiz
Equally legendary ?
I really dislike Jake Paul...he is extremely pretentious and very egocentric...
at least he is honest about them milking the name and him getting promoted from it
Amateur bout???
Oh thank god, his godfather Flava Flav can sleep easy tonight
Lowkey 2nd best fight of the card so far 🤣
Mark saved him from the shadow realm, he couldnt miss with that big right
Biaggio’s preflight interview was eerily Zoolander-like.
There should be 2 lower weight fights for every sloppy HW fight man, it’s so much better
Dumb question but are there champs? like after you win the whole thing does it just reset next season? Is there a concept of defending the belt outside of the final?
What was supposed to happen with Ray Lewis?
Damn they have been wrapping Pachecos hands for ages now
More yeeted ref cam lesssgokoo
Aspen "meh" Ladd
Is that Justin Roberts announcing?
tale of the tape for the 3rd time...
okay cmon Ladd you are shorter in height and arms, but you can still KO LFG
Does that wolf tattoo have antlers?
She is way stronger than Ladd ragdolling little sister
Ladd got two eagles in her gloves KO coming maybe
Ladd controversial split win incoming
lol, they forgot to ring the bell
Asleep at the bell
Did the UFC cut Shane Burgos? Crazy if so
Thought I was looking at Glover for a second
This camera angle feels like we hacked into the venue's video management system.
scheffel got 17lbs on him? damn
Scheffel’s chin is so cracked it’s not even funny
Damn, Sheffel was looking good, too
Fake Paul looking like a broken man in the eyes.
Im watching mma and now I have to watch Jake Paul too in a webcam no less
Damn, that cage is so fucking smart.
Budd by wrestle fuck as we all expected
Hell ya Julia let’s go!
cameraman understands his assignment
Pacheco doesn't know how to cut off the cage, thats what I've got from this so far.
Bad takedown attempt by Budd
1-1? Idk
Is that a naked Homer Simpson tattoo on her leg?
is that dude in the blue shirt sleeping?
Are they announcing it or what
Yeah, those stats make complete sense
Omg I totally forgot Ladd joined PFL lmao let’s see her at 155
Aspenn is so bad, her being a former top 5 WBW shows how pathetic of a division it is.
This is the fighter where her husband is her coach and slaps the fuck out of her in the corner when she's doing badly.  You can imagine the bedroom antics
honestly, a shot at a million easy yearly. i don't get how people that think they're the best *don't* go to pfl. unless you're top 5 in the ufc. which'd quickly dismantle the ufc. we'd be back to monthly cards. but i'm so high.
I have noticed that of all of Muhammad Ali's grandchildren that I have seen...only one looks like him...
PGL Professional Grappling League
Yeah these are amateur fighters alright
If you’re constantly being told its a close fight, it’s not a close fight.
Aw no Yorgan? I would've been down to see the Mad Titan's victorious war cries again
I'm starting to recognize PFL fighters by voice, there's no going back now
Did I accidentally tune in to PFL Countdown or something?
Building quite the roster of misfits and ufc rejects.
Soooo did they add women’s 145 specifically for Ladd?
half the card is low ranked womens 💀
I really want Ladd to fight Budd
She walked out to fighting dreamers, damn that just brought back some nostalgia of watching that season of naruto way back.
🤤
Man she is terrible
Are all the fights “league fights”? Even prelims?
an invisible cam, a freaky ghost cam
Sobek has done almost nothing with top position I might even score this round for Martins. Martins landed good strikes on the feet and was somewhat deep on that guillotine attempt
Weird round to score, Sobek had the control for 4 minutes but i get the impression Evelyn did more damage from her back and had the “sub attempt”
Martins corner: lay and pray
30-27 Martins
Oh shit jesus coming back?
Love that breakdown of Leibrock. “She is a tall, lanky, long fighter.” I guess very little homework was done on her.
cmon Leibrock hit her with that freedom haymaker!
Hoooooofuck gotter
HEADSHOT BANG
this length difference is rude.
Was I just seeing something or did they have Mark Smith written under Herb Dean. This is insane.
I just noticed their cage has 10 sides. It's like they were like oh the ufc has 8 were doing 10 look now we are innovative
The judges might give this one to the choreographer
Trapcity Meagan
wtf is this beard ad
Ludacris!!!
I hope Maurice Greene can get a win tonight...
FOTY potential right here
I forgot how gigantic Greene was.
Epic ghost cam fail
2:30 hug.  Nunez fights like a bum
PFL be like “ghost cam” and show us the most obscured footage on the planet
Greene gassed
Hilarious finish
Lmaoo crochet boss looked good
That knickname instills fear in me lol
this should be a good fight
This guy is really getting me hyped for his fight with how enthusiastic he was in that video
Pretty sure that is ethnic Brooks Koepka.
A.... and his opponent
SOAD lessssgoo!!
29-28 kuniev
Harrison got cocky
These mph stats seem off. Too slow
Not discounting his struggles...but isn't an RV just like a mobile house...much better than being on the streets or in a tent...
Noah Wyle
AFL
Long John Silvers sponsoring PFL? Blast from the past
Was that who i think it was
Another 30 mins till the next one prob
Maybe I’m drunk. But is this the first post fight interview of the night?
Ray Lewis would be a KILLER in the octagon!
They can't even sell ads or something to fill this in?
The dude that yelled “STEELERS” after Ray’s speech much not be familiar with Mr. Lewis’ hobbies off-the-field.
the size diff on megan vs aspen 🤣
Megan dwarfs Ladd & Ladd is not a tiny girl
Aspen is getting straight up mogged by Megan Anderson
Damn Megan looked scary tall compared to Aspen
Jim West OG Groomer above Pat Barry
i can never not think of the megan anderson is tim kennedy meme
We're knda tired of doing promotional stuff, so whatever
They call her cannon because she a can
/r/justfuckmyshitup
I’m going for Fedora
I tried to get on kolensyk but I couldn't find the fight in Colorado. Do any of you  know of any sites here that let you bet on PFL?  Ladd was way too big of a favorite
Bad corner advice, she's clearly down 2 rounds
Ladd stupidly content pepper her rather than work for the neck
Well that was frustrating as a kolesnyk bettor
12 seconds late?!
been rooting for Ladd but if she wins i will be disappointed
What did Kolesnyk weigh in at?
Is Ante Delija fighting for PFL this year?
Pepas is a great walk out song. I remember aljo used it in jacksonville
Holy fuck that voice is low as fuck for a woman.
Julia Budd needs a win...but I am honestly unsure if she will get that tonight...I hope she can however...
No glove touch. Budd means business. Let’s see if she can handle Pacheco’s power.
When theres a quick finish in the regular season the announcers say "quick six!" and i was thinking it was a spin off of a pick six in football.
Idk why she wont punch
Budd looks gassed..
👁👄👁
Budd, that shit was weak 🤦🏻‍♂️
Two anavar bunnies going at it, lets see who wins
I want chipotle
My god this music  with the whistling that they play after each fight is godawful
I didnt know if they were gonna give us the result, fuck
30-27 hmmmm idk what to thing about that
PFL has been allergic to stoppages last week and this. Why is that? Are people just looking to take less damage in early season fights given the schedule?
THE CROCHET BOSS IS BACK BABY LET'S GOOOOO
Megan Anderson is the new Sanko but with slightly more psycho energy
Wait so we got Muhammad Alis grandson fighting MMA later on? Hell yeah.
How did Martins get medical clearance with all those open sores on her face?
Wow. Greene actually looked like a prospect. Has he turned a corner? He looked great.
7-5 record? Jesus.
She's Ukrainian so you know she has nothing to lose and going to take her anger out on Ladd
i do like the occasional ref's eye camera angle, i kinda hoe some of the other organizations use that in the future
You cannot boo Ukrainians...
Big Andrade isn't doing so well on the feet :/ Budd has the clear speed advantage.
Megan Anderson looking fine
the only jake paul fight i haven't seen is the one he lost so i'm never watching one again. 🤷‍♂️
Look at this cunts smug little face lol he don't care he's making bank
Amateur turn into pros fuuuuck yall LFG ALI!!!
Ladd is going to lose
R1 Tinkie Winkie
Dana White Contender Series Reject is number 1 PFL HW contender. Sad state of HWs in this sport now
Can someone explain to me why there is a 155lb women’s division when most other promotions don’t have one
I’ve never watched PFL before I just saw it was live while I was searching for UFC 287 videos on YouTube.  Nice to have MMA to watch. This Greene guy is HUGE 😭😭😭
she honestly looks really healthy compared to when she cuts weight. like night and day. literally, in the skin. 😂
All heavyweights look the same I guess
I literally dont even care
Pacheco rd. 1???
28-28 draw IMO
Bruno is half decent though but can’t wrestle for shit. Speed this up PFL, man this is ridiculous
Hey guys KFC has chicken nuggies now and they actually be delicious.
honestly not sure who won that
Lmao the ref cam should nawt be broadcast when showing a fighter recovering from a KO. That’s just embarrassing.
Fatty up next
Is this for a belt?
I'm thinking Ngannou will end up in PFL  Edit- To anyone trying to argue with me. Where else will he go? He won't go back to the UFC. He doesn't have a boxing fight lined up. He will obviously have to lower the amount he is asking for and it won't be close to what the UFC offered him.
I’ve seen this Ukraine chicks fights. She’s really bad too. Should’ve been a gimme win for Ladd
10 - 9 Budd?
I truly believe if I had 5 sons. One of them would be the greatest fighter of all time if had my competitiveness. I just don’t want go through the raising them part.
Holy cow!!! When was the last wmma head kick that flush?! Holly v Ronda?
Both complete Cans if we are being honest
I knew this was a fixed decision once odds change; big like 1 minute into the fight. She didn’t win the 1st round. Either way absolutely terrible fight , Howe does PFL do this every time and I still watch cause on free ESPN lol
Is there anything more cringe than watching a Brazilian celebrate after winning a fight? Amanda Nunes obv being the worst.
Has to be a better card than last week, right?
Wiz Khalifa or Snoop Dogg? Bud Light or Modelo? Puncher's Chance or Proper 12? Aspen Ladd or Mackenzie Dern?
Let’s go!
anyone high on Kuniev to win
Is the smart cage hooked up to the internet like a smart TV?
I thought it was a MMA show and not a talk show.
Blablabla
These women are kinda old
like they're fighting in mud.
Straight pillow hands lol
Booty nice tho
She wet
Saved by the bell
Why did Kayla Harrison not get an immediate rematch with Larissa Pacheco?
Megan Anderson, reporter?
 Dammit, wish I had ESPN+
shit, Sobek gonna lose, grabbing limbs while ya need to be up and banging
Brazilians really love that Jesus dude. Hasn't he been coming back for like 2000 years now?
Razor close? I think landing very rarely still means more than not landing at all
How's the hype for this card? Any good ones to tune in for?
This is hilariously sloppy.
Well that was a thing.
Stoolgate returns
Crochet  Boss 🧶 put that thang on em
Happy for Maurice. Nunez style was shit, happy to see him has himself to an L
Anderson on here? That's random
Larissa looks like a bigger Jessica Andrade
Betting my mortgage on budd
I think he's trying to tell us he's explosive
There’s really no compelling matchup for Kayla
what the fuck i've lived thirty more years and still no blows thrown
>i lived in arbys for a minute
totally healthy and not concerning promo there
It always seems weird to be that grandsons would want to be a fighter after how Ali ended up. You’d think they push him away from fighting.
Might as well just sign Floyd Patterson’s great grandson too
My balls produce fighting men -John Fury
these boys are scrapping
Them rights were cracking
Mr. Flav is loving it
Ali fucking what? That's right!
better than a couple of the hw fights earlier
What are we waiting for???? It’s a TKO
I sat through women's softball for this.. I really love this sport, because sitting through that was painful. The fucking FIELD IS SMALLER! OF COURSE THEY KEEP THROWING THE PLAYERS OUT!
Did Ladd make weight?
Lololol.
GI Jane is really kicking some ass tonight. Great jab.
get off the fence Ladd i wanna see ya throw hands on her like a tornado from OK by way of UA   this aint it!!
Or Pacheco by KO?
UFC better snatch up Olena Kolesnyk and every fighter to ever beat her after she takes a split decision over UFC protege/hype train Ladd
Im worried they have this 1-1
Draw
This very well could be a draw
Yeah this is going to be too tough to call.
Is the announcing table off rockin a piss? Lol I was behind but there was a lot of dead air
Can somebody explain to me like I'm 5 why folks hate Ladd?
they just told Ladd to show bunny ears, roooooooobbery!!
Man them subtitles were confusing asf too and didn’t help
i thought it was a woman announcing the whole time
they have to fill that whole 2 hour slot on espn2 somehow lol
wait, could larissa earn 2m if she competes in two weights? 👀
Only cotton pajamas in the PFL
Budd win by ai incoming?
Masterclass by the cameraman
wrong side
Pacheco's striking from the bottom of guard is so fucking goofy but somehow it works.
It's Ryan Hall in drag why doesn't anyone else see it 😑
Staring into nothing
I noticed that too lmao
I'm so over all the gambling shit being directly connected to sports. It's sad to see people taken advantage of. Gambling addicts are having a real hard time right now.
All the betting talk just makes you appreciate ONE Championship so much more.
He doesn’t look a day older than when he had his dating show with New York nearly 20yrs ago
2-1 split inbound for Ladd
Yeah can't wait for that ammy action man.
Those ghosts she murdered would disagree
Below average fights with the boyssss
There is literally none
yeah his brother i think
hahahaha fuck I can't unsee that now
Yet to find someone who cares about his fights.
I think they should have womens heavyweights, some big ole sloppy mommas throwing down
Ah yes, the (Ass)Crack Team lol
It feels like a sham money laundering company lol
Just a severe case of bed bug bites
Between the early card and main card break rn
I missed the first 3 fights and turned it on to two big dudes walking in circles kicking eachothers legs for 15 mins while they brought in the “betting expert” telling people to keep putting money on De Castro 💀
noo, leave diesel alone
Oh our bad, part of the title rubbed out  It’s supposed to be Professional Fight(Promos) League
has she ever
I wonder if he's rastafarian or just likes the look
yep
for like 15 minutes i thought it was this morning and i was stupid excited and immediately let down.   but that card was still lit. tune in for one on friday mornings. just wake up and flick that shit on youtube. it's free.
There was a knockout in the prelims so it's already a better card by default lol
Take a 250mg edible and bring your Nintendo Switch
I was thinking about going to this one in Vegas, decided I’ll probably enjoy more, and for less money, at home
Piss drink?
haven't seen any either but he's 2-1 in ammys and i think the fight tonight in ammy so...
800 milliDanas
For the amount of sponsors and being on ESPN the production is amazingly shitty
Mystic dfreinc right here
Brown in, brown out
I think we just call women's heavyweight Gabi Garcia
There was that ladies KO and the crochet boss getting a finish. Its been a little lackluster but last week was really bad.
Cause hype from 2021 and people wanna prob see if the last time was a fluke
It is on YouTube.
His younger brother is having a great pro boxing career already, but yeah I get what you mean, odd choice to start a main card
It's on live TV and there's commercials
Probably the most competitive season in this division
👁👄👁
He got woken up by the bell lol
She made the same joke at an Invicta event a few weeks ago, maybe the self-deprecation is what got her hired here lol
It always is with PFL, they really need to get better about it
Good these brownies should kick in by then
The whole point of PFL are the regular seasons just like the other major NA sports. The champ of PFL at the end of a season is equivalent to Warriors being current NBA champ.
Nah I think it's basically you get a million bucks, you get a belt, you get it announced next to your name before fights that you're the such and such year champion
She has that fat guy power like cormier
His contract was up and there was some miscommunication where they fucked up and let him go. Probably the only time I’ve ever heard Dana admit they messed something up
Burgos cut the ufc
No, he was off contract and signed with the PFL.
they didn’t cut him, Dana actually said he messed up by not resigning him
The octagon is copyrighted
The octagon is trademarked, they have to go with a different shape
She been cocky, best PFL fight of all time was her getting her ass beat last season
Greene had one
Royalty free music with the bois
I think it might just be Marques' chinny, outpointing style and YDC's terribly low volume. Just before this there was an amazing headkick finish. I guess sometimes there's shit luck in the number of finishes ?
Tbf this card has has 2 stoppages out of 4 fights so far
that fight was ass but the first 3 fights were entertaining and the third resulted in one of PFL’s better highlights in a while
The secret is lowering your competition level to what’s left after the UFC and Bellator sign all the heavyweights they want
Literally just to capitalize off of Harrison
Kayla Harrison exists.
it's literally just there for Kayla Harrison lol.
Cause there’s women at 155 who wanna fight for a milly. Not that hard
Whose does look healthy lol
Nope it’s what makes PFL different I love ref cam
Why would anyone else fight in the division if he was there? No one is going to get in the cage against Francis for $5,000…
I dont know if they can pay him enough to lower himself to crushing these cans
bruh
Don’t let that ego weigh you down king
It's amateur MMA no one needs to get severe brain damage over a free continental breakfast
It’s an amateur bout. The rules aren’t the same.
Valentina evil eye
Shev vs Eye
Rose weili
It’s heavyweights and women’s featherweights lol
Just another 15 minutes of promotional content
She wanted a break and probs don’t want to cut to 145
Not really unless you wanna see Muhammad Ali's grandson or you care about the main event
Maurice Greene is Jon Jones training partner if that does anything for you.
Needs to cover that ear up.
They snatched up Felicia Spencer already and she retired. Bellator snatched up Pam Sorenson already, Taylor Guardado might've retired again, and Pacheco is with PFL too.
The UFC tried the best to shove her down fans' throats, even after it became clear she just isn't very talented.
Did you watch her fight?  She’s awful.
Ali so great he has nepo babies in two different sports.
It really does. It makes no sense at all. ESPN deal, decent commentators, but rarely there are any crowds or any exciting fights. Pace is always atrocious. The smart cage and AI stuff that no one cares about.
Cheers brother, ripping the bong over here
Throw in a McDonald’s #4 combo — super sized — with a large strawberry milkshake and I’m in.
I know 2 of them would be nut jobs too, so it’s too much of a risk to keep going til we get the proper fighting goat
My biggest flaw. I will kill it one day and working toward it. Just can’t seem to do it , good read on me buddeh
Here we go evil! Here we go!
Oh yeah!! How could I forget
I enjoyed her time in Invictica. Sad she never transitioned well in the big leagues.
Like I said I loved her before UFC work. For the most part she did look like shit out there tonight. Even at the third round, it still wasn't enough.
What did Canada do to deserve this
Jesus the undercard better be absolutely stacked to compensate... Somehow I don't feel like it will be 😅
Nobody wants to see this shit
Jesus that sucks, sorry Vancouver
🤣
Peña with the dipping jab from southpaw this time, the GOAT won't know what to do
Canada seems to get shafted all the time with these cards
Dana just moved my bedtime up for June 10th   Thanks Dana
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
They're still gonna sell the arena out at insanely high ticket prices
Thank god I don't pay for these.
I think literally 0 people are excited for this fight
Wish WB michel got a 5 round fight instead of this
A fun Mexican contender with dope highlight reel of left hook ko’s who’s actually fun and hasn’t been 50-44’d by nunes is literally right there.  Her name is Irene Aldana. Why didn’t they make that fight?
What happened to nunes vs Aldana?
And the crowd goessssss mild
Wow, that's how you return to Canada? That fuckin garbage, the card better be stacked to hell but even that won't make up for this bs.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!
Lmfao of course it's the vancouver card too. Will not be spending $250+ for this shit.
So wait they don’t wanna do Leon vs belal because they think it won’t sell but they keep making fucking nunes the headliner to cards? Alright
A new all time PPV buys low
I fucking knew it. Ufc always gives Canada some bullshit
Lmfao Dana hates Canada
Lol, Dana White needs to retire.
Calgary just missed a bullet
This is so stupid Pena doesn't deserve a title fight.
Just another middle finger to Canada Lmao
Took the wind out of my sails honestly, was really stoked to see they're coming to Vancouver, was really hoping for Gaethje vs Poirier in the main event, this is pretty terrible in terms of PPV main events and making me reconsider attending this event.
$80 lol
I wanted to see Irene :(
🤣🤮🤮🤮
Guess this is the best they could come up with on short notice but it's actually garbage. They need to put this entire card on espn
UFC have had a lot of watered down PPV events in the past 12 months. The fight night cards aren't exactly stacked either, what gives?
Kill the division for fuck sake
You gotta be kidding me. I was worried knowing the timeline for all the title fights meant it could be this one. But being the first time since UFC 174 we’ve had a numbered event and it’s this fight…..SIGH
A fight that no one wanted, I don't think a single person asked for this except Peña. Maybe there just wasn't anyone else available but damn just shows how much Nunes cleared out the division.
Lmao Canada is not gonna be asking for a card after this
Goof: WE’RE COMING BACK TO CANADA!!!!  ….with the main event no one wanted to see.
Dana respectfully on behalf of most Canadian UFC fans ‘f*$k off eh!’
I'd rather have Nunes v Valentina III and Aldana v Pena for a #1 contender.
Not even gonna bother pirating that
Dana must hate Canada.
Trying to make us appreciate the Colby title shot by putting on this stinker of a rematch.
What a waste
gotta be up there as one of the most undeserved title shots
Damn Dana what did Vancouver do to deserve this?
Man, ufc cards are getting worse every year. Feels like I’m only excited for about 6 a year these days
100k ppv
Lmfao its cause thier is no one else lol
But why…
They couldn’t pay me to watch this
Stop letting Dana make matches.  He's horrible at it.
Most unnecessary trilogy ever.
Well there goes me ever going to a UFC event.
If that’s not got you excited then you should buckle up for the co-main: Rose vs Carla 2.
Wtf 💀
Oy vey
This is Trudeau's Canada ^
Really wanted to go to this thinking it’d be in Calgary, but now it’s definitely not worth making the trip to Vancouver. Damn that sucks
Man everyone called this. Soon as a canada card was announced people said it was going to be a bad card. Damn.
Brutal main event. I was going to travel 2300+ kms for this, but with this announcement, I’ll stay home thanks.
This should’ve been a main event at the apex instead
HEADLINE? That's the main event....man they really doing Canada wrong with this one. This is not how you repay one of your best fan bases
Gonna go ahead and skip that
Thank god this isn’t in Toronto
W-why?
why?
Why tho
Can we stop with the trilogy fights for five minutes!!
Why?
Is there a more fortunate fighter than Juliana Pena? Was gifted a title shot, fought Nunes' identical and untalented clone and WON, fought the REAL Nunes and gets dominated, then is gifted a trilogy fight against the same champ (for some reason).   I don't get it. She isn't that good.
Headline? But why? This could be a co-main, but to headline and see this again, I'm not that hyped about this announcement. Wondering how the rest of the card looks like.
UFC is embracing their WWE side where there's a rematch every time someone wins a championship.
Why?? Why does Peña deserve a rematch??
A bunch of talk from a bunch of dudes that would get their asses whooped by either woman lol
You guys ready to watch a murder on Pay-Per-View...I wouldn't put money against Nunes if you had a gun to my head. There is not a single way that she loses, unless she has two kids and eats Nutella for breakfast everyday leading up...
Give it to Holly. At least she's coming off of a win.
I guess they don't want to sell tickets and PPV
Lmao why tho?
Scared of Aldana i guess.
I swear to god this is a dig at Ariel 🤣
Easy night easy money for Nunes. Sucks for fans though, unless people like seeing Pena get the shit beat out of her
What a shit division
Wtf, pena is garbage though lol she got slaughtered last fight lol
Why?
Hopefully the rest of the card is decently stacked because that fight blows
What a buzzkill
Jesus christ what a terrible fight to headline. Lets make a rematch after one fighter got absolutely pieced up over 5 rounds. Division sparser than my hairline.
Yawn
April 1 was a few days ago, bud.
Perfect time to go out of town for the weekend.
Can someone please tell Aaron that April Fool's is over?
But they’re gonna lower the ppv cost to 1.99 so it’s chill
Shit card. Calgary is the real winner by keeping their schedule open for potential playoff games.
That fight sucks. I live 4 hrs from Vancouver. Was pumped to go until that news comes out
Glad to see nunes back but that last fight left no question so y pena
The monkey paw, “canada will get a ufc event, that’s good, the ufc event will be held in BC, that’s bad, the ufc event will feature two of the best athletes ever to grace their weight class, that’s good, the weight class is female bantamweight, d’oh”
Go fuck yourself Dana, always giving us a shitty card in Vancouver
No one cares unfortunately
UFC 289: Box Office Poison
Dana said Nunes vs Peña 2 would be the biggest fight in the history of wmma. I wonder how much ppv buys it did. Maybe it did pretty well and that's why they're making this pointless rematch.
Worst ppv of the year
imagine paying money when you have this subreddit.. thanks mods for keeping Dana away from this page
We got ourselves the next Cain-JDS type trilogy
This fucking division man, total clown shit.
this BLOWS…
Canadians in shambles
🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Yawn
What is the point of this????
skip
[removed]
I get why the fight doesn’t interest people but I find it odd that people don’t think the fight should even be made given that they’re 1-1 and there’s not really any other contenders
Peña wants to get manhandled again. She must have a kink.
I know small children than can throw a better punch than Pena. Time to stop pretending the Women aren’t two decades behind men in this sport. They have no business being the main event of a PPV. Send them all to invicta.
The goat has a name
This dude blocked me on twitter for no reason. He mixes estrogen with his coffee.
I guess they’re gonna have Weili/Lemos for international fight week? Or save it for the London PPV
What happened to Aldana? They’re going to do a rematch between her and holly aren’t they? Rat fuck matchmaking.
You kids want to see a body?
This is sucks
Amanda’s gonna be like a -1110 favorite lmao
Hate it
Number 1 bullshit
Jesus fucking wept put it on as a fight night main event or a ppv co-main this is just stupid
Thank god this didn't get my hopes up by announcing it was in Montreal or Toronto.
Amanda Nunes and Julianna Pena are the only people who have been in a WBW title this decade. It's 2023.  And of the two divisions Nunes is the champion of, WBW is the *less* illegitimate one.
It’s only fair the co-main be Khamzat-Whittaker/Costa or Poirer-Gaethje to make up for this.
oof
Dana running a circus, well done.
Well atleast its not holly holm?
UFC try to book a ppv main event fight in canada that the fans wanna see challenge **IMPOSSIBLE**
Canucks got fucked on this one
Amanda is playing on easy mode for the end of her career damn.
Peña had to do the immediate rematch, so I’m not all that shocked they’re getting it done all at once, but what about the previous fight made them think a trilogy was needed?
This card is straight up doo doo
Good co main, absolute horrible main. Ufc needs new match makers that aren’t absolute lap dogs.
Hopefully this is confirmed soon so I can make the decision to wait for a Toronto card
Great.
Even if this is a good fight it will still be bad. Somehow.
waste of time its gonna be andy steel and 10k ppvs sold
Gross
Oh cool another rematch. That’s all the f’n ufc does nowadays, rematch after rematch after rematch oh and then let a champion move up a weight class to fight for title. Come on Dana
Any chance of Holloway as a co-main? Also Dustin/Justin. Only way to save this card.  They’ll probably have Holly Holm as the co-main somehow
Fuck that’s going to be boring af.
???  What LMAO
Hopefully Valentina wins her rematch and they finally pull the trigger on Nunes vs Shevchenko III before the end of the year.
That was the most entertaining one-sided beatdown in MMA history, you all should be thankful to get to see it again.
Honestly if the rest of the card is good, this will be a good chance to leave and beat the traffic
Is it too late for April Fools? Please announce a Chimaev fight.
`Yikes`
ಠ_ಠ
Why make this the headline for the first Canadian UFC event? Literally, any other championship fight would've been better
God please no
ya dont buy tickets to that junk
Christ...
rip
300k buys probably
And the crowd goes mild
Why? This card gonna flop unless they have some bangers on it but it seems they wont since this card is headlining it lmao
See this is what happens when they want to withhold matchups and save fighters for later. Saving Khamzat for Abu Dhabi, save Jamahal Hill for Jiri, and now saving our time during the main event in June.
Thank god they didn't come to Toronto with this garbage
ENOUGH WITH THESE FUCKING TRILOGIES
Cards like this make you feel robbed even if you paid nothing
This should really be a fight night main event.
A numbered event finally back in Vancouver and this is what we get...
This is sucks :( Might actually be able to get some decent cheap seats tho
Zero Buys
Terrible headliner for a PPV, but it’ll be hilarious when someone wins because they made a super basic technical adjustment that bewilders their opponent
Ive been beggin for this fight
Sorry BC dang was hoping for TO now I'm its all good
Vancouver knows when to schedule it's vacations now.
🤮
Vancouver always getting shafted with the cards they put on here. What a shit fight.
No one loves Canada, including Dana
Rip Canada. UK got Dana privilege now
This fight shouldn't be happening at all let alone headlining the fucking Vancouver card
wump wump wuuuuuummp
Just dumping the duds on Western Canada as per usual.
I guess Irene Aldana would be next in line? Holly Holm Rematch?  There is not a lot of strong cases for a title shot at 135.  Sad it used to be the glamor division for WMMA. It's the modern equivalent of 205.
Thank god this was Toronto there’s still hope for a good one 🙏🏼
No
Pena got outclassed in the last fight. On the other hand, Amanda has talked about retirement in the past.   Amanda only seems to lose when she's not motivated.
Zzz
No other champ wanted the Canada tax
Sucks man ! It was gonna be my very ever ppv and they put this as the mainevent
this just proves once again how important it is to sell fights if you want them
Dog shit in their veins
I live in toronto and was contemplating going to Vancouver for this now I'm not so sure unless chimaev vs costa is on the undercard
It shows you how easy it has been in the last few years to get another title shot in the UFC if you have already fought for the title once or if you are a former Champion (even if have no title defences or only one title defence).  There are several fighters in recent years getting undeserved title shots.  Zhang got an immediate rematch against Namajunas despite only having one title defence.  Covington got finished by Usman, beat a washed Woodley and got a second title shot against Usman.  Gaethje got finished in two rounds by Khabib, beat Chandler and faced Oliveira for his second title shot.  Covington lost to Usman for a second time, beat Masvidal, didn't fight for over a year and is getting his third title shot.  Masvidal lost to Usman (although it was on short notice), didn't fight and somehow got a rematch with Usman.  Pena beat Nunes to win the title but was on the receiving end of one of the most one-sided beatings in UFC title fight history in the rematch yet is getting another shot at Nunes.  Holm got a shot at the Featherweight title despite coming off two losses. She then got a shot at bantamweight against Nunes despite having one win and three losses in her last four fights.   Miocic got knocked out by Ngannou in two rounds, didn't fight for two years and it looks like he is going to get a title shot against Jones.
Well, that's one way to setup Nunes as a box office failure.
Nobody asked for this but okay
“We’re tracking to break all the records on socials” - Dana White
Oh god why
Pass
I was bummed it wasn't Toronto. Not anymore
April Fools was 6 days ago…
Dana giving us the scraps in Vancouver smh. Nunes should never be the headliner, always co main. No way there isn’t another title fight you can make
Ummm, huge pass for me. Hopefully, the co-main event is something good, and the card somewhag decent otherwise, this will really forgettable.
There was a time where there were fewer PPVs a year and title fights on Fight Night cards... good times.
The second fight could sell because we were all wondering if Amanda still had it and if she could bounce back from an embarrassing loss. After seeing Amanda destroy pena for 25 mins and basically 50-40 her, I’ll probably pass on this one
I get to sleep earlier that night!   But seriously, no seriously, the push for women’s MMA is so lame. Just let them (force them) to do like women’s nba and form their own league.
I don’t even want to steal this :(
They have better cards on their fight nights before and after 289... what a slap in the face for a return to Canada
Women’s MMA continues to be a joke
Mike Mallot might actually be a bigger ppv draw
Dana has genuinely turned into a stupid cocky prick in 2023. From the slap fighting to stupid match ups like this and the Colby vs Edwards it just makes Dana so unlikable especially when he turns around and laughs at anyone who disagrees
Lol imagine she beats her again. I’m talking about Peña beating Nunes.  Regardless Nunes looks like shit after the two fights. She’s the only one that makes Nunes work. This makes sense.
I ain't staying up until 7 AM to watch this shit, co main sure but a whole ass main event? I'm good
Oh FFS, why can't it at least be Aldana?
Yes!!! Let's fucking go!!!
God I'm sick of trilogy fights.
Dang not looking so juicy for $80.   Rather see a Holly rematch after her last performance.
Cant wait to see a boxing clinic from Julianna "Mohamed Ali" Pena.
the hot streak had to end lol
Me upon hearing Vancouver is getting a live event: 😁  Me seeing it’s this shit: 👹
GSP?
Sucks for Vancouver
Why
The rubber match no one asked for.
Worst news ever. Enjoy, Canada
No
The silver lining of shit main events is that you can go to bed sooner.  >Whelp that was a solid co-main. Time to hit the hay!
Box office poison.
Finally a card close to me and its fricken nunes again lmao
This needs a main event that’s a bigger draw. Maybe they put Justin/Dustin 2 or something on it as a co-main but that’s not really going to save this card.
I fucking KNEW this would be the one we get. Literally NOBODY wants to see this run back, Pena was DEMOLISHED in the last fight.   There's no way this is the only title fight on the card; it will sell like absolute dogshit.
As dominating as nunes was/is, her reign was the beginning of the end for that division.
Lmfaoo oh god
Fuck man, we don't get a UFC event for 4 years in Canada and they give us this showcase fight night bullshit? Fuck off man.
It’s not nunes fault but her division has became so stale and lack of exciting contenders. Not to mention 145 has zero people in it at all. I hope we just get the Valentina schevchenko 3rd fight and then can be done with the old guard
Ugh…more of this Peña chick? I thought she was quietly disappearing and I loved it.
I thought Dana White was going to quit after beating the shit out of his wife in public earlier this year?  After all, he says he runs a Zero Tolerance business for domestic abuse. Rules for thee but not for me.
Woof
The one I finally get to go to and it's shit lol no thanks I'll keep my money
I was gonna drive from Oregon to watch it but not anymore. I’ll stream it now
BLAME CANADA BLAME CANADA!
Seriously wtf is with all these immediate rematches. This one doesn't even make sense. Pena didn't even have one defense. This is a truly undeserving title shot. I wonder how they are going to sell it.
Idk what y’all talking about nunes vs Peña is a solid match up
Someone link the clip of pena fumbling, bumbling, stumbling trying to punch Nunes with the cartoon noises please
That sucks.
I wonder if Pena's gym teaching her not to run into punches when Amanda is southpaw.  Pena even abandoned checking leg kicks in the rematch which was the reason she was even competitive with Amanda the first time.
This will certainly be one of the trilogies of all time
She really ducked Aldana didn't she. Sad!
Fuck that shit
I'm surprised, motherfuckers
Hope Amanda makes it quick this time. Either that or Peña does the unthinkable twice.
*headline*??  lol bruh
Zzzz
Dana heard that Ariel is attending the Vancouver card, so he tried to make it a good one
In the co main event kurt angle returns to battle brock lesner in a 60 minute Ironman match
They are really doing Canadians dirty.....
Pena is fighting for the title again??? Wow.....
*snore*
I guess their merge with WWE made them inherit the booking quality…
If it makes tickets cheaper ill go idgaf
You get a rematch! You get a rematch! You get a rematch!  *Inhales*  **EVERYBODY GETS A REMATCH!!!**
That would be a upsetting fight night main event. Pena must have dirt on Dana
Seeing a second title fight between the same people should be a lot rarer than it is right now, seeing three should really scream for an incredible reason. Fuck everyone at Bantamweight I suppose
The fight that no one asked for. The step child card that is ufc 289
The fight we’ve all been waiting for 😂
The fight we have all been waiting for....
Woof
RIP Peña. This fight is totally unnecessary. Peña got lucky against an underprepared Nunes the first go around. Third time around will be just like the second.
No shot bro
Man I just don’t get this one at all.
Matchmakers saw Peña being mauled for 25 minutes and said "yeah, we want more of that".  This trilogy will be the woman equivalent of Cain VS Dos Santos.
LOL
This is going to be the worst most pointless trilogy ever right?   Like it's technically 1-1 but the favourite Nunes looked uncharacteristically bad in the 1st fight, as soon as they returned to their usual form they dominated like we all expected. Pena has done absolutely nothing to earn this trilogy plus the winner of the 2nd fight usually wins the 3rd especially when its an immediate rematch.
Snore 💤
Can’t wait to stream it and kind of pay attention!
As a Vancouverite I'm so damn bummed about this. Rest of the card looks week so far as well. Hopefully we get some fire additions
Dana has been terrible with his matchmaking lately.
Now if Julian Pena learns to dip jab, but from southpaw...... Don't write this match up off boys
Even nunes s family won't watch this fight man
It’s been a minute since the UFC put out a bad PPV main event, we were definitely due lol.
If these two fight in my kitchen im only gonna catch it if im starvin.
Yeah, that could've been my first live event, but I ain't driving across the country or flying for that shit. Lame UFC, lame as fuck.   We Canadian MMA fans deserve better, smh.
its that time to clog up another division with bullshit fights
50-43 and gets an instant rematch? UFC really needs to stop this shit, they’re turning this sport into a joke
I don't think this would be another 50-45 main event. Also would not be surprised if it was.
Better have the rest of the card stacked
Juuuuuust running out of match ups now eh?
colby's title shot now seems well deserved.
There was a small part of me jealous of Vancouver for a second, I have been waiting for another Toronto card for years.  My jealousy has faded.
I don't know what is worse, that Penas weird punches completely confused Amanda for a Pena win. Or that all Amanda had to do to counter was to switch to southpaw and Pena had no idea what to do.
Well that’s not exciting
lol
Pena whined her way into a trilogy lmao. Weak headliner.
Zzzzzz
... indeed
This is just sad.  I'm already wondering what the peoples main event is.
Oh no
I’d rather watch them debate politics than fight eachother again.
Why?
God bless Dana White for singlehandedly removing my FOMO to watch my first UFC event in Canada by making this the headliner for 289 🙏
Burn up those events until ufc 300 July 2024
i guess
As a Calgarian I no longer want 289
It’s almost like they said, who cares bout the card, it’s Canada, we will sell out.
oh i forgot Pena actually beat Nunes in the first fight, how the fuck did that happen,rofl.
Dude I was so hyped to hear they're coming to Van. First chance at going to a live fight, and this is the fight...
But why?
This a fight night headliner
yawn
Every rematch is so boring at this point.
Won't be watching it...
haha this fight is going to be awful.  hopefully nunes has the balls to finish pena this time.
And after none of us are interested in this, they're going to say that the Canadian Market isn't hot enough to justify doing cards here
Main event is fitting as Vancouver is known as No Fun City.
Eeeyoyeeeeahhhh. (AKA ouch)
My first thought upon reading this was "why"? But honestly, this seems to be the year of dominant champs losing their belts unexpectedly, so who knows how this might go. Maybe Pena will shock us all and get another upset.
Please please please have a good rest of the main card….I’m hoping to go
I'd easily rather see WWE guys come over and fight in UFC and I'm 100% positive that would sell way more.
This can't even headline a Brasil card, what the fuck is Dana thinking...
So co-main event Moreno vs Pantoja and possibly featured bout Gaethje vs Poirier?  Doesn't sound that bad, even if main event is "little" underwhelming
This is the biggest slap in face thing the ufc could've done for a Canadian fan
RIP Vancouver but neither Aldana or Peña are interesting matchups to me. Pena just gonna get outclassed again and Aldana has terrible TDD
My initial thought: I thought the UFC typically stacked the Summer cards.  Me doing research to see if I’m mistaken: Literally last summer Peña Nunes headlined UFC 277 in July.  😳
Fucking stop rematches
The consecutive sell out streak ends at 289.
I think the streamer is seeking refuge here
Like they put the place above an Indian Burial ground.  Wait
They know it will sell out easily here no matter what the card is.
Trudeau
We were too nice. This tomato thinks he can walk all over us! I propose we riot in the areana!
Justin Bieber
What did any of us do to deserve this?!?
DP vs Garth 2 is the only possible way to save the card, since doubling up the title fights by adding Moreno seems unlikely.
Even with Jesus on the undercard Canada would get screwed. The fuck is this?
i honestly think Nunes vs Aldana is a more intruging matchup than this bullshit, nobody wants to see another 25 minute snuff film of Nunes brutalising Pena
Ngl I wanted to see the second fight. Hard pass on the 3rd.
No wonder Dana didn’t want to say shit yesterday. Such a weak main event
[removed]
Julianna has made more off of a single fluke victory than anyone in recent memory.
Would rather wonderboys fight be the main
Literally everyone feel the same about it
That is true, but does anybody want to see any matchup at Women's featherweight?
This is sucks for us
Dana always books subpar cards for Canada because he knows the arena will sell out regardless.
Vancouver riot incoming
Can’t be worse than the Canucks
Some other decent fights on that card. Thompson vs Pereira, Ige vs landwehr, Andrrs vs barriault Almedia vs dawodu for starters.
Honestly this will make the tickets actually affordable I think, or at least resale should be
Maybe we’ll get to see an epic beat down. Generally Amanda’s fights are pretty damn good.
Geez we got Pena vs Nunes 2 in Houston, but then there was intrigue if Pena could do it again PLUS we got Moreno vs Kara-France
Imagine paying for that lmao
Gsp > Devon  Lmao can't believe I've stumbled upon you in the wilderness of reddit.
Tickets are probably like 400 minimum too... lol
She's just gonna switch to orthodox again and they'll be switching back and forth doing nothing for five rounds lol
Was about to say this. Feel like a lot of ppl won’t be surprised if that’s all the improvements she makes
GSP era was an anomaly because he was an easy sell for Canadians. The moment he retired, the UFC collectively decided we aren't worth shit anymore.
Lmao so true
Colby laid out the blueprint for getting title shots. Just sit around and talk shit.
what fucking clowns lmao, if they couldnt get another championship headliner for this card, they should've at least did DP-Gaethje, and made Nunes fight Aldana instead. wtf is this
Cause Vancouver is begging for anything other than the Canucks
If someone can afford to live in Vancouver and not be a serf nowadays can't be that bad for them
Co main? Ok… Headline? Water weed dune hair
Was thinking up of driving up from Seattle and watching this but ya never mind lol
Mate I won't even watch this for free tbh
It's always a fun experience to see people bragging about how they don't pay, and then open up their comments to see how much they go on about how the fighters need to make more money. It's there about 99% of the time.
Amanda and her wife.  Pick up a gimme paycheck
Im somewhat excited
Too bad it’ll  still sell out at stupid prices so they’ll keep doing this shit
Nunes said neither Aldana or Pennington earned a shot and they should fight each other. Sounds like a 🦆
And the crowd goes...just goes away
UFC events are never stacked anymore, especially a Canada one
It definitely will not be stacked  Unless you mean stacked with cheap contender series and cheap regional Canadian fighters
WHHHHHHHHYYYYYYYYYYY?!?!?!?!?!!??!!?
NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
20k buys incoming
Idk man, Decembers card was pretty terrible.
So true. He did lots to build the sport but I honestly think he is now at the point where he holds it back
Aldana fucks Pena up.. it should've been her vs Nunes
Dana just got booed at the press conference in Miami for saying Colby deserves a title shot for "making weight". And that the winner of the co-main is deserving of a title shot, AKA implying Jorge is deserving of a title shot for a single win since 2019. With the WWE now being owned by the same rich assholes, why even throw around the word "deserve" at this point, its all about money, characters and "stories". If you want a merit based sport, at this point should watch rugby or something lol
Deserve's got nothing to do with it, there's nobody else to fight at 135/145. Also if we want to pretend things need to make sense in MMA, I hope you're not watching this weekend where a guy is getting a 4th fight with a guy he's 0-3 against. At least Pena beat Nunes once, that's more than Izzy can say.
Someone really needs to send this thread to anyone at ESPN who’ll listen. I’m sure they’re not exactly thrillled with the horse shit the UFC has been churning out either.   I’m cancelling my fight pass, I’m happy to keep paying for fights, but on principle the product has become pretty subpar and $10/m + PPV is not happening.
The quality of the whole roster has decreased
Gotta cut down on the budget, trim whenever necessary. That’s why you’ll see ppv like last one where it’s a title fight, and then a “must” see (garth/fiziev), the rest will be filler with CS fighters.
UFC was bought by a company that will skin the sheep just to make a quick buck.
I mean the Fight Night Cards are FREE. What combat sports promotion puts on better free cards every Saturday? Each card has had a mix of fun fights and new guys or old vets. That’s what their supposed to be.  The PPVs this year have all been bangers.  289 is not looking to continue the trend tho.
Agree. Seems more like it's there as a virtue signal than anything at this point. The fights are painful to watch and the talent pool for that division is so low that we end up with this. Just look at these comments... Zero interest from the public unfortunately.
damn, almost 9 years ago.
We are already asking for the make up card.
Pena beat Nunes in their first fight, if them fighting a 3rd time is undeserved what do you call Izzy getting a 4th fight against Alex whilst being 0-3?
It’s a given that any card in June is most likely a shitty card cus it’s before IFW. Last year it was the Singapore card with Jiri/Jan. Great fight but let’s not kid ourselves that it was something we were foaming at the mouth to see when announced.
Gotta think Moreno vs KKF 2 played a big part in the PPV sales if anything. That should have been the headliner.
Shit take
There is a contender though. Raquel Pennington is on a 5 fight win streak over all ranked contenders with her most recent win being the #2 ranked contender. It's not the most interesting fight but she definitely deserves it
Peña got 50-43d there was no need
Cmon let’s be honest. This shit gonna be JDS-Cain all over again.
But Dana said he got him?? 🤨
That's a 10-7 round right there. Vicious.
Fuck that guy.
Costa vs Chimaev and Ustin 2, we need that so much.
And make it 5 rounds
My only hesitation is that that fight has got to be a 5 rounder and it’s been a minute since we had a 5 round non title/main event fight and several of these all action LW bangers (e.g. Chandler vs Dustin/Justin) have been 3 rounders.
at least that would be a fresh matchup
Nunes saw Moreno/Yair/Grasso win and said “I’m avoiding Mexicans in 2023”
Of course we wanted to see the second fight.  Amanda had one of the worst ever nights/performances we've seen from a dominant champ.  We needed to know if it was an off night or she was done  But yeah, she proved that it really was a fluke by beating Pena for 24 of the 25 minutes in the rematch.  Nobody wants to see a 3rd fight.  Pena's going to literally run her face into Amanda's fists again
bro what if Nunes loses, do we do a 4th!?
Isn't that only like 40 miles tho? Everything that's not in good ol' imperial units sounds so much smaller to me.
Jorge against Ben Askren and it's not even close
She made more off a passionate interview than anyone. She was on a 1 fight winstreak. She talked her way to a title shot and, credit to her, pulled off a massive upset  Actually Nate did better. His callout and RDA breaking his toe led to him beating Conor, becoming a star, and making millions
I was planning on going… I don’t know now
This is sucks
I think it would be like that here in the UK if we didn’t have a champ and names like Aspinall to headline a main event. I mean we also probably aren’t too far away from Paddy Pimblett main eventing Fight Night cards here just from his name value.
Last card in Toronto was a banger
The walls will be covered in ~~blood~~ maple syrup
Thompson ver Pereira is gona be on 289? Where are you finding this card? Trying to decide if it's worth it to go or not right now, lol.
But considering it’s a PPV, they really need a second title fight (possibly even third) and a solid feature fight to give the card any chance of doing passable PPV buys.   Something like Moreno vs. Pantoja for the men’s Flyweight Title or a Zhang Weili title defense.
My sweet summer child
Laughs in Dana
Watching bumfights on the street is also affordable. Doesn't make it worth watching
Ppl pay?
No way this sells more than 200k ppv buys. But guess thats why the numbers are secret now so they can put out a couple dogshit PPVs per year without worrying about the bad PR of low sales
🤝
Not just GSP. But Toronto used to get young Jones PPVs as well. What a great time to be a MMA fan in Toronto. 2009-2014
Pena literally talked her way to her title shot. She was on a 1 fight winstreak after getting subbed by GDR. Fair play to her since she won, but wasn’t earned
Yep face the champion and then just hug that nut as hard as you can   Always be in training camp for the rematches and never other contenders
She’s 1-1 with Amanda, Colby never beat Usman
Main event is preferred…makes it an early night for me
Not a drawl
We giiid it UFC we giiidit
B
Bess brains for the arts fershureb
If you ever get the Urge to watch Sports on your computer, I might be able to recommend a place...
For most of the fightnights last couple years I might tune in for the main event, that's how watered down they have become
UFC owners are planning on spending 13 billion to buy WWE.   I am planning on spending less on gas this week because I can't afford it.
I love that you got downvoted for that.   "Nooooooooooooooooooo, nooooooooooooooooo, only post with the circlejerrrrrrkkkk!"
Weren't Aldana and Pennington booked to fight each other at some point in like April ? No idea how that fell through.
I know this might be a hot take, but i honestly think Aldana is a nightmare matchup for Nunes
I mean, she's kinda right though. I could see Pennington having earned it, but I don't think Aldana has by any means. Them fighting for #1 contender is a good idea. Not that fucking Pena deserves the 3rd fight, but the division just kinda sucks so there are no good options.
This weekend ppv card and the Jones vs Gane ppv card looks pretty stacked. And the next 2 fight night event looks pretty stacked too.
Especially when it’s before IFW. Scumbag Dana/UFC expects fans to buy ppvs and sell out arenas with this kind of product, and when it doesn’t they don’t visit that market no more chalking it up to not enough interest.
Lmao what are you talking about? The last card in Toronto was pretty damn stacked
Only person who made money in Vancouver is Tito's ex-wife
Aldana is as much a scrub as Peña
For real.  Yoel, Mighty Mouse, Francis, Cyborg, Cory Anderson, Darren Till, overeem, Kevin Lee (technically back now), all left the UFC in the past few years.  Zabit, Uriah Hall, Khabib, Cowboy, Askren, JDS, Jacare, Bisping, TJ, GSP all retired.   The Middleweight division absolutely got gutted.   Then we got stars like Rose, Khamzat and Paulo Costa not fighting (for a variety of reasons) even though they are healthy.  It’s hard to make a full fight card these days.
apparently Bellator is being sold by its parent company.  i know it wont happen, but imagine if UFC purchased the entire bellator roster, and expanded every divisions rankings from top 15 to top 25, making every division more stacked than it already is. (the way they did with WEC & Strikeforce)  not only would they have gotten rid of their main rival company, but they also would've made each division way more competitive
A lot of PPV’s in the last year have been very average. Are you a new fan to the sport?
Izzy is 0-1 against Alex in mma and was a long reigning champion, Peña had 0 title defences and got the shit kicked out of her in her only attempt at one
[removed]
ok but the people bitching about the Pena fight being made are not doing it because they’re advocating for Raquel Pennington lol
okay and Nunes got finished in the second round…
"I'm Spartacus"
Non Canadian here, May I ask why people hate him now? They used to love him before.
> Costa vs Chimaev  That would legitimately be a better main event, probably would sell more as well.
Calling that fight Ustin 2 is clever
Plot twist: Peña is half Mexican
Or.... And hear me out... What if Pena learns that when Nunes switches stances to avoid the dipping jab, she just needs to switch stances for the dipping jab to work again.  Is it something you'd want to see as a main event? No. Would it be hilarious? Yes.
If Peña can learn to jab southpaw, this might be somewhat interested.
It wasn't a bad night.  She threw the fight and made bank betting against herself through Brazilian intermediaries.   Losing also injected a mild amount of interest in a division that had become completely boring.
She suffered from long-Covid for the 1st fight, and now that she's over it, there's no reason to see them fight again.
How much is 2300km in Fahrenheit?
It's about 40 Miles Davis albums, if you're  traveling at a constant 76km/h
Lol it's almost 1500 miles my guy
Wasn't a fluke, he threw the running knee knowing Ben would duck into it. Probably had to practice that shit hundreds of times in training to get that down.
That was planned not a fluke
Absolutely. Nate could have easily missed the conor fight, got smashed by a few other hyper elite lightweights and been cut for all we know.  Dude would probably be getting TKO'd by Clay Collard in PFL if not for that whole sequence of events.
They should pay you to go to that bullshit
Yeah this and Wonderboy vs Pereira isn’t worth catching the ferry over for me
This is sucks
…That’s what he already said
Yeah it would be better if Canada had any top contenders but we just don't. All the athletes get into hockey I guess.
I’ve heard that UK fans don’t really give a shit about Leon.  They would much rather have a guy like Darren Till be champion.  How true is that in your experience?
Every card in Toronto has been a banger with a whole bunch of the most legendary fights and finishes ever happened here. Jones vs Gus, Jones vs Machida, Choi Vs Swanson, Santos Vs Manuwa, Aldo Vs Hominick, Machida crane kick KO on Randy, Mir breaking Nogs arm, Max's first title win, Lando's wheel kick KO on Makdessi. There's more and that's just what I remember off the top of my head. Damn shame they haven't been back since 231
165 with Bones was great, the next 2 with Max had headline were alright
Bruh it's not fucking Quebec
[mma fighting](https://www.mmafighting.com/2023/4/7/23674654/ufc-announces-canadian-return-for-ufc-289-in-vancouver)    [cbc](https://www.cbc.ca/sports/ufc-returns-to-vancouver-canada-1.6805248)  [Vancouver is awesome](https://www.vancouverisawesome.com/national-sports/ufc-returns-to-canada-with-ufc-289-pay-per-view-set-for-june-10-in-vancouver-6825561)    [mmajunkie](https://mmajunkie.usatoday.com/2023/04/ufc-returns-canada-ufc-289-june-10-vancouver-rogers-arena)
To see in person yes
da ppl pay pay per view
200k buys? Bubba when they still somewhat disclosed PPV buys Nunes used to pull sub 10ük at times. Since then numbers have only gone down across the board
Max loves us too, fought Ortega and Frankie here
UFC 129 is still the largest MMA event ever held in North America. The only bigger ones have been overseas
also Izzy never beat Alex yet is fighting him for a 4th time this weekend and plenty of people are hyped for it. Lets not pretend like matchmaking/rankings matter all of a sudden, people just want entertaining and suspenseful fights. Pena/Nunes ain't it.
IMO her boxing is, but her TDD is too weak. She was being taken down by Macy Chiasson lol
UFC 231? That was a fun card, but it was four years ago.   Nowadays, we're lucky to have *three* compelling match-ups on a PPV.
There was never no marriage
Zero percent chance that happens while they're in the middle of an antitrust lawsuit lol
Less competition is not what the ufc needs. They have shown to be cutting costs wherever they can. They need to be challenged by another promotion.
 Na, UFC 282-285 have all been bangers. Every 12 month period since UFC started putting on PPVs have had some garbage cards. It’s what happens when you put on a free card every Sat and 13 PPVs per year.  Everything looks better in retrospect.
>lie to kick it   Girl ✋🏻  You also don’t need to be a dickhead about it either. You’ve missed some absolute bangers if you avoid all women’s matches. It’s weird that an MMA fan wouldn’t want to see great matches regardless of gender.
Then they're doing it cus Pena got 50-44d after winning the title in one of the only fights you can actually classify as a fluke seeing as how Nunes had COVID less than a month before the fight and gassed in the second
You in every thread defending this match lmao Dana’s burner account or Peñas for sure 😂💀
She got finished after gasing, she wasn't dominated for twenty-five minutes and proven inferior in all aspects of MMA.
It's politics. Someone will always hate someone else. Trudeau is fine. He's not amazing, just fine. Still better than most other options. But *certain* political parties and their supporters like to assign blame to him for things he literally had no hand in.
If that was co main I guarantee tons of people would leave after it ended and not even watch the main lol.
Costa has very poor fight IQ. Chimaev comes in with a plan and may run through him like Holland. This card needs Garth and DP.
Venezuelan is probably closer if I had to take a wild guess
Nunes switches back, Pena switches back, Nunes switches again before Pena can position to throw the jab, Pena switches back, Nunes switches again... for 25mins.   U right, would be hilarious.
When Pena learns the secret art of keeping your eyes open when throwing strikes, the world better watch out
My wife had the same thought as it was happening…
Gotta be somewhere between 20 fluid ounces and 2 pints I reckon.
About 60 pence
Around 11 bananas
You should read my response to the guy who replied before you ;)
I considered putting the /s, but I thought I used such an absurdly low number people would've picked up on it. Should I have done the /s or put an even lower number to make the joke completely unambiguous?
iirc there was a clip of one of Masvidal’s friends talking about/showing a text from before the fight where Masvidal said “I’m gonna open the fight with a flying knee lol”
If that's not a fluke then neither is Pena Nunes 1 (Which I would agree with). Landing strikes you intended to land isn't really a fluke. Though if they did those fights 100 times Masvidal and Nunes probably lose those fights over 90% of the time.
Dude, imagine the timeline where Nate actually finishes the fight against Edwards
Not even worth taking the sky train from east Vancouver lol
hahahaha im in victoria and i told my buddies this aswell
Cough GSP cough
Nice bait
Fuck off Dana
Wait, Mike perry?
He won his first title off Pettis here. Interim and Pettis didn't make weight but whatever still counts and the crowd was awesome that night. Same card as Choi Vs Swanson which is arguably a top 10 all time banger
Fuck that was such a good time. Only UFC event I’ve ever been to.
Theyve fought once in MMA, Izzy was winning that fight until Alex put it on at the end, and Izzy had dominated the rest of the division up until then. Who the fuck isnt hyped to see them run it back?
Don’t think ufc matchmakers should factor fights outside of the promotion in a whole other sports in their decision making.  If you look at it simply as Izzy being a longtime dominant champ who lost a razor close entertaining fight by late standing tko then that is like the textbook definition of a fight which should get an immediate rematch.
Well that was the last Canadian card except for that random Ottawa one
That was a nasty line by you.
How fucking long is that lawsuit gonna take? Jesus Christ. It’s been since 2014
They’re usually garbage before IFW, which the Canada card will be.  Doesn’t change the fact PPV’s have been seriously declining in quality, fast, in the last 2-3 years.
Maybe but this might be the worst headliner for a PPV in recent history. I’d rather go to work than watch this.
Agreed, but this ain’t a great mixed martial arts fight in any way lmao Peñas striking makes cm punks look goated
[removed]
[removed]
cause people are being dumb in both threads
it’s still a loss if you gas
Hahaha..."fine".
She’s half Venezuelan half Mexican
Only a fight such as Numajunas vs Esparza could live up to something like that
Looking forward to Rogan trying to Jedi mind trick us into enjoying the fight by calling it a "chess match" for 25 minutes straight.
what is this DDR?
62 chains, two slugs, seven pecks and a half-guinea.
Nah, I'm just baked as hell and didn't get it
It's like the Conor Aldo KO, even if it was a flash knockout it was in no part luck. Jorge ran at him knowing what Ben was going to do and he capitalised on it.
It was a text between Mike brown and poirier if I'm not mistaken. Was honestly crazier that it wasn't just a lucky guess.
There was video of him training it.
Masvidal does absolutely not lose to washed up Ben Askren 90% of the time. Ben looked terrible in the UFC and his only win was an actual fluke against washed up Lawler who was beating his ass. Prime Ben might beat Masvidal (even then Ben always struggled against any half decent striker with good TDD). No idea how this narrative came about, UFC Ben was awful.
Ben looked God awful in his UFC run, prime Jorge is a tough out for Ben but washed up Ben with the dodgy hips who was getting his shit kicked in by past his prime Robbie Lawler? Jorge beats him convincingly if that knee doesn't happen. Do people not remember how bad he looked in his UFC run?
When's his next fight?
Pereira fans I bet lol.
Disagree, there have always been trash cards. So far, we’ve had 3 straight amazing cards and a decent 286. 287 looks phenomenal and 288 also looks pretty good.   I think the Reddit/internet negativity might be clouding a lot of peoples judgement.
Oh it’s an absolutely shite match I agree lmaooo
i think we’re all just tuning in to see nunes administer another whooping. never gets old lmfao
No💕
[removed]
They are being honest lmao and you are butt hurt by reality this shit is worse then jds vs Cain 3 might as well if done gsp vs sera 3 if I wanted to a great fighter vs a mediocre one for a champ fight 😂😂😂💀💀💀
Damn, you right. She might have used that Mexican half up in the first fight though.
Still 100% from the US lol
Only after Joe pronounces them the top two pound-for-pound fighters in the UFC!
> it was in no part luck.  I get what you mean, but we can express the sentiment without completely discounting luck.   There is always some luck.   We've seen dudes get kneed, even flying kneed, and not be finished.
This discussion is going nowhere when we both clearly disagree on the mid quality of the last few PPV’s.  I legit can’t remember the last time we had an ‘amazing’ card. Maybe UFC 268
you seem to be the butthurt one here
Maybe she recovered it by using the Venezuelan half in #2
You're pretty sloppy with the facts, Joe.
Def is some luck. Ben's gotta be in the exact position for the knee to hit.   Ppl can say he's practiced that knee but these fighters practice everything.
UFC fighter with 50 something fights uses premeditated attack to knockout opponent in .10’s off the record time…and you want to talk about luck. C’mon man!
So just to clarify, you thought 285( Jones, Valentina/Grasso, Shavkat), 284 (super fight for double belt) and the Brazil card were mid? Are you not excited for Izzy vs Alex, Jorge vs Burns, Font vs Yanez, Gastelum vs Curtis or Holland vs Ponzibio?  I literally just went back and 4-5 years and can’t find a string of cards with more name value (at the time of the fights) or a higher finishing rate then we are currently getting on PPVs.  268 was pretty good. I don’t really see how it’s any better than 285 though. Two great fights and three decent but not memorable fights.
I love Sloppy Joes!!!
If there's not luck involved in Masvidal KOing someone in .10's off the record time, one has to wonder why he doesn't simply KO his opponent in every fight. Afterall, you seem to be implying he can choose to do it with certainty.
I literally could not give a single shit about Jones, and I’ve never understood why he’s such a big draw in America. He’s a nobody here.  That being said, yea there are several PPV’s better. I love Kevin Holland, but let’s not act like this fight is must see.   Shavkat fighting cab drivers is not compelling to me either.   Why are you asking me if I’m excited for fights I said I’m hyped for? Did you read any of my comments?
He doesn't have to KO every opponent. It just has to be Askren with the same knee every time on that day, which he does. How is it expected he'd do the same to anyone else when he was training for it to land on a specific fighter at the start of the fight?   It'd be luck if his knee missed, hit Askren's shoulder and it got dislocated or some freak injury. Him knowing Askren dips his head the same exact way and landing the knee flush isn't luck at all and more of an indication that Askren was far too predictable and hittable.
Yeah I’m reading and I don’t see you saying your hyped anywhere in this thread.  Jones is the MMA GOAT regardless of where you live. Holland isn’t much watch on his own, but against strikers, his fights always delivered. And Geoff Neal is no bum. That fight is a FOTY contendor.  I really can’t see how UFC hasn’t delivered on PPVs so far in 2023.   Like I said, I’m pretty sure internet negativity and Reddit are clouding peoples judgement.
Jeff Novitzky is a creep and I don't like him.
I actually believe he’s not on anything lol
Who the fuck wants a USADA letterman
Where’s Jon Jones’ jacket @?
Where is Jiri's jacket..He should get carpet, not jacket
He’s definitely not dope
Lolol
Juicy Jorge would be an unstoppable force.
Respecto
*Sucker punch incoming*
Til u realize he’s at ATT   U also believe the Diaz’s aren’t on anything?
He’s probably not but if he was ever going to be champion he probably needed it lol
On my way back to the hotel id be swinging by Goodwill with a donation
Was in the car, should've grabbed it instead of his weed.
He left it under the cage.
USADA gave Jones a stash of unmarked dick pills as an apology
If you think Jiri is clean I got a bridge to sell you
There are some guys where I wonder what the fuck they’re on and why. I mean if the Diaz’s are on steroids, they should fire their dealer lol.
You think getting a USADA jacket means you’re clean? Lmao what
Reminds me of Carlos Felipe doping against Arlovski and still losing lol
Failed BMF test
Everyone associates steroids w build and muscle. Diaz has great cardio. Why would it be hard to believe EPO?
Diaz’s case is even worse because it was vegan supplements from his own company … the same ones he’s selling to people.
yeah but they would be made third party obviously by someone making everything. there’s so little regulations involved with supplements it’s messed up
Vegan supplement with SARMs traces. Yea ight
**Mirrors / Alternate angles**   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/MMA) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Man I remember when Roman Dolidze turned into the sweatiest grapplefucker against Laureano Staropoli. He became the crotch sniffer because he felt something on the feet and he had just lost to Giles I believe.
It's always nice to see the former UFC guys doing well on the regional scene. Gives you hope that they can make it back to the big leagues.
Who got murdered on the Canvas in a prior fight?
Vamos pepi carajo, viejo y peludo nomas
MUCHACHOOOOOOOOOOOOS
Vamooo Pepiii!!!!!
A mimir
Absolutely lawn chair'ed
Lebout was also in the UFC
Pietro Penini. Robert Valentin made quick word of him for their rematch
True, but that was 8 years ago. Staropoli was in the UFC a couple yarears back.
**Mirrors / Alternate angles**   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/MMA) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I think Ivana is probably ufc bound. It would be dope for her to be first Croatian women in the ufc
Why are we supposed to care about who this guy’s grandfather was when he can’t fight for shit?
Dude lost to a guy 0-0…
Everybody's 0-0 when they start.   And Ali Walsh was also 0-0 in that fight, so one of their 0s had to go. [and we're talking *really* 0, this was his first *amateur* fight even]  FWIW, RDA and Cyborg both lost their professional debuts to 0-0 opponents.
To be fair everyone was 0-0 at one point
I’m currently 0-0. But I’m fairly sure I can get a title shot if I come up with enough clever nicknames for other fighters.
Still halfway through but surprised to see Vitor being so clear and legible while also having stitches and a black eye. Dude should stop fighting and start commentating/doing on-air work like Weidman.
Crazy that they didn’t get silva in for this
GSP vs Khabib soon?
GSP is a middleweight legend now?
Please don’t be a fuckin main event
Enjoy it, Vancouver.
Imagine if Matt Serra and GSP were held up in a trilogy
If it is Pena again, would this be one of the worst trilogies?
Embarrassing for the UFC if they actually book that
If its Pena it makes no sense. If their 2nd fight was close then I could understand but it was not.
Huge L for Canada. Unless they get Khamzat on this card.
The trilogy nobody asked for.
Ugh, terrible trilogy
This is so lame. It should have been Aldana. With Peña fighting Pennington instead.
Looking forward to those running double punch attacks. Incredible to watch.
Wtf why
Can we stop giving title shots who just throw tantrums and sit out?   Jesus fucking christ
This fight already stunk up the Dallas PPV last year after 3 years away. This should be a co-main event for the sake of the fans and their hard earned money
Making this the main event of your big Canada show is honestly the most disgusting thing Dana has done
Why not Aldana? It’s time.
I wouldn’t care if they got rid of women’s bantamweight.
She really ducked Aldana didn't she. Sad!
Let’s just make this the last fight at women’s bantamweight and open up atomweight.
Look I don't really wanna see Nunes vs Pennington 2 either but come on this is bs. She earned that shit with 5 wins over ranked fighters, nobody else in that division is even close to being as deserving as Rocky
I'd rather it be a new opponent.  Like Pannie Kianzad.    If we are recycling opponents, I think Holly Holm is more deserving and has a better chance than Pena
pretty privilege
This shouldn't be a trilogy at all.
Super (Un)necessary
Why not Nunes v Pennington 2? Raquel is on a 5 fight win streak and Nunes v Pena 2 was not competitive in the slightest.
Nunes saw what happened to Val and said: "Nah, I ain't gonna let another Mexican girl take MY title!"
Well I was going to get tickets but thank god I saw this dumpster fire of a main event announced. Hopefully both of them get a minor injury tomorrow so we get a new main event.
The truth is that there just aren’t a lot of exciting match-ups for Nunes at BW.    Pennington hasn’t shown that she has evolved enough, Holm has already had her fair share of title shots, Aldana has crisp striking, but is at risk of getting grappefucked.    Let the Peña rematch happen to see if she has a better gameplan this time. She has enough heart to hang in until the end of the fight, and time to improve her technique.
Nunes could get it right here
🥱
I'll pay 50 cents max.
Headline the prelims, sure. Anything else with Pena, no one cares.
if this is main event, its doomed  negative PPV buys
What did i do to deserve this Dana, was really excited to go to my first ufc event live
Fuck it. Lets make an underserving interim title somewhere. it would at least be interesting. Sandhagen vs O’Malley for the Interim Bantamweight title Lets run it!
It 100% will be. Who else would it be? Men's flyweight!? 🫠
Oh it is lmao
Guarantee it is. July is usually a shitty ppv card, gotta make it look very shitty and not have it take shine away from IFW.
Ufc 289 main event in Vancouver
A main event? Yes most likely. The main event? Don’t see it cause Dana wants his PPV numbers.
Bumping down Yair/Volk to Co main, setting Nunes/Peña as main….Jones and Brock in WWE. I see your plans.
This comment had me in a laughing fit. I live in the meritimes and was going to use my vacation time in June to fly out for this card.  This made me realize i was dumb to think it was a good idea.
Called it lmao
Calgary: Phew, well take the next event guys
I wish
Id put my house, car, wife, kids, bank account, 401k, Roth IRA, and my precious metals on GSP
It would be up there. Nunes fought like she bet on Peña in the first fight. Then clowned on Peña in the second.
Hard to beat Oliveira v Lentz but this might do it
I don’t think it’s “embarrassing”, but rather uninspiring. UFC emptied the tank in March/April so there is no one else other than Nunes for June. I don’t think Peña deserved another title shot but it will probably sell better than any other alternatives
wait why? they’re 1-1 and there’s no other real contenders
Aldana and Pennington deserve it more. They should do Holly vs Pena to earn a rematch
They are 100% saving Khamzat for Abu Dhabi
When the dipping jab doesn’t work  *insert ShookDeontayWilder.jpg*
Huh?
Agreed. Canada better hope they put gaethje and Dustin on there
She saw the Mexican wave on the horizon and thought; 'I want none of this shit'.
There's some decent bantamweights, Nunes just makes the division look bad. 125 will start getting more interesting without Shevchenko as well
love Pannie Kianzad
Especially not a gritty Mexican who can box (unlike Pena lol).
Julianna is Venezuelan. Her nickname is, "The Venezuelan Vixen"
Must have missed half her title reign then cus her fights with Spencer, GDR, Pennington, and Shevchenko were atrocious
Nunez was playing with her food in the 2nd fight. Without Covid she literally said she wanted to go all 5 rounds to shut up the haters about her cardio. I'll be impressed if Pena puts up a decent fight but im not expecting it.
A title fight in the prelims, sure thing.
Also offer GSP a one fight contract vs Barbarena, Tony Ferguson, or Nick Diaz. And add Mike Malott vs. Ranked Welterweight too
They could put Moreno vs Pantoja on this card. Moreno fought in January so he should be ready. But they are probably saving him for Mexico.
I think you mean June. July is international fight week and usually stacked.
In your heart you had to knew it was gonna be like this right ?
Sadly you would have become destitute as Serra would have KO'ed GSP again.
Nunes was rattled with Covid before the lead up to that fight
They could have at least booked Aldana vs Nunes, its at least a more intriguing fight than Nunes vs Pena 3 which at this point is a squash match.
More embarrassing that Dana doesn’t want to add more divisions. We need a 165. I’m sure he just doesn’t want the stacked 155 and 170 draws to start just swarming in the 165 and leaving those divisions deserted. Basically women’s 45 is dead and 135 is shallower than men’s HW.
Amanda smashed her in the last fight. Peña doesn't deserve the rematch.
125 is already a lot more interesting. Its improved leaps and bounds since 2020.
Pretty sure the person you're replying to is talking about Aldana.
Was gonna say have I watching a different nunes to you lmao half her championship fights sucked lmao
Very much thinking they are saving Moreno and Alexa for Mexico City. Makes way too much sense.  Co-Main for Vancouver will most likely be Wonderboy vs Pereira
I'm sure they will be on the card, just as the co-main.  Edit: I wish they would have them on the Mexico card. I lost track, but I think it's been at least 90 events, fight nights included, since men's flyweight has headlined.
Yep. Last one was Holloway/Ortega. I was about to buy the tickets and a family emergency caused me to miss it.
I want to see Nunes vs Aldana too. But keep in mind it was “reported” that Nunes didn’t want to fight either of Peña and Aldana unless these two fight first; and Peña only wanted to fight Nunes. It wasn’t a smooth negotiation behind the scene and Aldana most likely has the smallest voice
Making 155, 165, and 175 seems like such a no brainer as 145, 155, and 170 are stacked and could support a shakeup and create another title (2 with the inevitable interim title)
and Pena smashed her in the first. when two fighters are 1-1 it makes sense to do a third, especially when there’s no other contenders
Her only saving grace is she spaces them out. Since she's won the belt it's gone boring fight w Shev, boring fight w Pennington but late tko, knocked out Cyborg, knocked out Holm, boring fight with GDR, boring fight with Spencer, subbed Anderson, got subbed by Pena, then the 5 round domestic abuse simulation in the rematch that got boring at points
I think you're right -- good call
Thank you god you didn't go, you could have been an accessory to a murder
Completely unreasonable propositions on both Nunes and Pena's part though. UFC could have offered both girls more money to fight Aldana and Pennington respectively.
This is like arguing Matt Serra deserved another go at GSP
How are you going to compare the 2 wins? Yeah Pena won the first one, but then Amanda destroyed her in the 2nd and made it seem like they just picked out a random woman from the audience to fight Nunes.
It’s just really hard to justify an immediate rematch when you lose a belt with 0 title defenses and get made to look like an amateur while doing it.
Im in the same boat as you. Pena also threw up enough submissions the second fight to at least keep it interesting, im totally okay with a third fight.
people here don’t like the idea that Pena dominated nunes in the first one
Didn’t periera co main the last vancouver card too?
if the welterweight division was as thin as women’s FW he would have
Pena finished her and Amanda didn’t lmao
Because it was quite clearly a fluke. We know who the better mixed martial artist is, and it’s not particularly close.
Canada: we haven’t had an event in years, can we get a solid fight?  UFC: best I can do is Amanda Nunes
Calgary was never my friend
Calgary losing the event because the Flames might make the playoffs but still probably won't is funny as hell.
Calgary in shambles.
Fuck. I was hoping for Calgary
If the Jets manage to not completely crash and burn these next few games and clinch the last wildcard spot, the Flames may end up fucking over two sports' worth of fans this summer. Not that they're gonna end up making it out of the first round anyway.
Is it Thompson v Pereira for 289?
As a calgarian, eat my fucking asshole dana
Damn this is gonna be Nunes-Pena 3 isn't it?
prediction for the main event: Chimaev and Costa
Canadians - is Vancouver, Canada's nicest city?
When will Calgary get it's promise of a card????
Fuck man… why does Dana hate Calgary?
LETS GOOO. I haven’t been able to go to an event in years. This is insane, and it’s a main card event too.
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Nunes v Peña will ensure the stadium will be half empty by the main event. Ever since Brock got hurt and we lost JDS v Brock, Vancouver has had the shittiest fight cards.
I’m sorta bummed that they’re doing it in Vancouver instead of Toronto where I live (it’s not like the Leafs/Raptors will still be in the playoffs by June 10th) but at the same time, I’m sorta happy.   I’d feel obligated to go if they came to my hometown, and I don’t really want to pay like $500+/seat to see Nunes vs Peña 3 live…
Q_Q I wanted to go to the ufc in Calgary
Please come back to Toronto 😭
Heck yes, I'm in Victoria and was looking at flying out to Calgary via Vancouver, this is even better, though will probably be a $2,000 weekend after ferry, hotel and tickets.
Justin vs Dustin 2?
Who we got headlining?
In case people don't know, the reason why they moved from Calgary to Vancouver is that Calgary has a chance of making it to the NHL playoffs.   The UFC got burned before when competing against a NHL playoff team back in 2011 when the UFC went held a card in Vancouver and it was NOT a sellout. That year the Vancouver Canucks went all the way to the finals. Vancouver fans were not willing to pay hundreds of dollars to see the UFC when they could pay hundreds/thousands to see the Canucks in a final. For example, UFC 131 had a gate of $2.8M and had 14,685 people buy tickets. Almost exactly a year earlier, they had UFC 115 in Vancouver, the Canucks were not in the final, where the gate was 4.2M and the attendance was 17,669 people.   The UFC learned a hard lesson never to compete against the NHL in Canada.
The disrespect.   Only happy it’s not wasted in Toronto 🙏🏼
Fuck they couldn’t have gave us something work watching they gave us this shit I guarantee it’s not gna sell out Rogers
Good, Calgary shouldn’t get a card until that dump of an arena is gone. At least Alberta finally has a real provincial government now so the new arena will get built and within a reasonable budget.
Lets fucking go. Been to every Vancouver event and been waiting for another one since Covid.  Prayge for a title fight.
Lots of people pointing out it's being headed currently by Nunes vs Pena 3, I'm just pumped to go see a PPV fight in my hometown! Thompson vs periera, I've vs Landwehr, schnell vs Dvorak. I'm pretty excited about some interesting weird fights that should be fun live.
why do we always get the crap cards 😭  c'mon one time this will be different!
my friends and i in our chat got excited and looked up the card and then immediately canceled the idea of going.  it's bad
My only hope is garth dp and maybe Khazmat costa under it
Oh shit the greatest women fighter of all time 2 division champ, is there a new credible threat to her title she will be fighting?  No she will fight Pena again and you will like it
It makes sense why they chose Vancouver over Calgary. Vancouver is just a bigger city and market, plus the saddledome in Calgary sucks
It hurts...
The flames better make the fucking cup them
Man this fucking hurts as a Calgarian. The Flames have a 0.0000001% of making the Cup Finals in June, let alone make the playoffs AND we don't get the UFC event.
Go Kraken!!
Jets are far from a crash and burn away. It's a very tight race.
Thats on the card yes
Vancouver is a bigger city than Calgary.  Almost double the size metroplex wise.  It's basically like a card moving from Jacksonville to Tampa.  So I don't think them moving it to a bigger city means a worse fight.
Ooooof, Nunes v Pena 3 it is... Making me reconsider going to this event honestly.
Fuck that would be sick
Hoping for Poirer vs Gaethje 2 personally
That fight might happen in Abu Dhabi
That would make sense if they want to make Khamzat vs Israel or Alex on Abu Dhabi
Montreal is great too. I've lived in and love both.
People like Vancouver because of the milder winter weather and proximity to some world-class skiing in Whistler. As for the city itself, Montreal is way better
I live in Vancouver. It's much nicer by a wide margin in terms of climate and natural beauty compared other major cities. I would rather live in Victoria which has a nicer climate and is better fit for my family's lifestyle.
Personally think it’s Montreal, especially if you’re a student or young adult (which I am) but there are some factors like the brutal winters which I totally understand might deter some people from wanting to live her long term. Vancouver is definitely the nicest major Canadian city in terms of weather.  If it’s for short term visiting in the fall or summer though then Montreal no question in my opinion. Toronto and Vancouver are great cities as well just mad expensive which sucks
Weather and scenery in the city/suburbs? Not many cities in the world can compete.  In terms of people? We some cold hearted motherfuckers. If you say hi to a stranger you're getting side-eyed then they will walk away
Only if you’re not poor.
Year round, yes. We don't have typical Canadian winter here, it's very mild. In the warmer weather Montreal is also great. Toronto sucks, change my mind.
For nature yes, for fun Montreal, for business Toronto, for a hipster cowboy vibe Calgary
Its great. Amazing hiking, camping, skiing nearby. Fun in the summer and weather is pretty good all year (lots of rain but not a ton of snow usually). Very expensive city with a lot of homeless though.
Aesthetically yes, but lots of homeless.
If you like poverty and drug addiction
Poirier vs Gaethje 2 is a banger, but is it main event of a PPV worthy? seems more like a co-main tbh
Surrey jack vs Granville skid
Yeah that won't happen.
It’s terrible, I literally cannot get excited for a card if a women’s fight is headlining apart from Andrade. Thankfully I don’t pay for fights and I was on my way from Detroit to New York last time Nunes headlined so I just listened to it the entire drive
Apparently main reason is because the flames are an outside shot of making the cup finals which would coincide with this PPV.
and it's any easy drive for people in Seattle
Seeing what's headlining 289 must take the sting away
They’re gonna get buttfucked by one of Colorado/Vegas/Edmonton before they even get a whiff of the cup
it'll be an empty stadium on the night. haw haaw
Shit I’m in Saskatchewan but was thinking of making the trip for a ufc event. But Vancouver is just out of the question
They were 1st in the Central and looking like cup favourites a few months ago, and now there’s a very high chance that they miss the playoffs altogether. They’re heading towards the broadside of a mountain and need to pull up real fast or else theyre donezo.
I'm more thinking about the fights that are probably available to be booked for that date than anything to do with the location. It just seems like the only one that would make sense. Also because Pena trains close by in WA state  Edit: called it
If you've looked at the cards Vancouver has had in the past they've been dreadful.  Barely sold out after Franklin vs Liddell
No, now they’ll make way more money for the exact same shitty fight.
Haha replied to the wrong comment bruh
The size of a city really doesn't equate to much for an event.  The size of the stadium or stage however...  Anyone know the capacity difference between the saddle dome and rogers center?   Anyway I think most Alberta's are super bummed.  We've been waiting for a card for years after that flop and Dana said he'd make it up to Calgary
this is a big fuck you to Canada tbh   Unless there is a big co main event like Chimaev/Costa or DP/Gaethje   We've had better fight night cards than Nunes vs Pena. Even here in France we got a very good main event and Rob/Vettori in the co main.   All ufc needs to do is pay whoever is available and they can make a badass card
Poirier vs Alvarez 2 happened in Canada, Poirier vs Gaethje 2 should too hopefully
I know people are going to be mad about this but I think the ufc will give the next title shot at 185 to Khamzat and Rob will probably have to fight Costa.  And it sucks because if Alex wins, Rob is clearly the more deserving of the shot but if Izzy wins I can understand why they would skip Rob.
Montreal is better to visit than live in tbh
How come you think that fight is a nice fit for a comain while pena nunes is a main event?
[Nunes vs Pena 3 lmao](https://twitter.com/aaronbronsteter/status/1644442615419396101?s=20)
YoOo fudu
Any chance of the Kitsilano Crippler being in the co-main?
Especially not a PPV. Asking me to basically pay 20 bucks for just the Nunes fight is ridiculous
That’s crazy lmao. Flames can barely make the playoffs. They’ll lose right in the first round
Cup favorites lol
No.  I just pointed out the idea that they're moving the fight to a bigger city doesn't mean it's gonna be the crappy fight this guy thinks it will be.  Bigger city means the chances of a good headliner are increased.
We are so starved up here they can throw Nunes vs Pena 3 on and it'll still sell just fine. When I heard the card was coming to Vancouver I started thinking about what champs are free to throw down. It was Nunes, Jamahal, Islam (yeah right), Moreno, or weili.   I think the UFC dropped the ball not putting weili as the main event if they wanted a female fight. Huuuuge Asian population in Vancouver, would have drawn huge crowds. Still a chance for a really good co main though
Title shot to a guy w no top 15 wins in the division eh?
Montreal has 3 gorgeous months a year, and an amazing night life, cheap rent, and a great culture. Vancouver has 7 gorgeous months a year, the worst fucking nightlife and a culture that's been gentrified into the ground. I love Vancouver, but it's a playground for the elite.
Haha compared to the Canucks they’re a shoe in lol.
Probably but there is enough parity in the league that just making the playoffs gives you a decent shot at making it all the way.
Ah i see...i missed the last part of your comment
Yeah I was expecting zhang for main if it was Vancouver. I saw some numbers a year or two ago that 20 percent of the cities population is Chinese. I think around 500 thousand people. Would make sense to capitalize on that market
You must be new around here.
yeah but montreal's infrasdtructure is ass. Montreal/Ottawa area just got a crazy ice storm and we lost power.   Its been 3 days now and 1.1million people in montreal still don't have power. Thats more than the population of Ottawa.
Come on man the flames are trash. Our goalie should be hung. Huberdeau is shit too
Try reading the whole thing before popping off.
Relax buddy i just thought it was funny
Gore has super heavy hands but bizarre fight IQ
Ball Buster fight right there
I hope Bo wins by cheating, but with a different blatant foul than a low blow this time.  I hope he goes on a 5-0 run and finds a different way to cheat every fight.
Tresean Gore is 4-2 in MMA, and will be on the main card of a PPV. When did paying $80 to watch can crushing becoming normal?
MMA Fans when a high level prospect fights top guys soon "He doesn't deserve it, he needs to build his way up first" but then when they try to  "booo why do I want to watch him beat up this can"  Really no winning
Low Blow Bo, back at it again!
Im not even sure if Gore is better than Pickett. Both are pretty bad.
Gore is not good. Bo will probably finish him in the first.
Easy work for a young prospect like Bo Nickal….I don’t see it getting out of the first round
So Jamie Pickett part 2,,,
This is a evil world we live in. Tresean should of just asked for his release instead on going through with this shit.
I hope Gore is like a +600 underdog  Could 100% see him landing a bomb on Bo
Gore is the weirdest looking dude in the UFC
Bo vs a jobber
Walk down memory lane and see the comments when this fight was announced 26 days ago:  https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/11pjz5u/tresean\_gore\_says\_he\_has\_accepted\_a\_fight\_with\_bo/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3
Another freebie
It’s treason then.
Well that’s a massacre.
Bo wins in 90 seconds. Next.
How do you get these guys to sign to fight Bo if you for sure know you’re gonna get ragdolled.
I’m honestly still not convinced on Bo. After the start of the last fight I can’t say he’s ready for a lot of the guys in ufc. Still very raw. For being the best wrestler in UFC history he sure did struggle getting a takedown before inadvertently cheating.
Good fight but it should be in the prelim.
Gore looked like a killer on TUF at times but he also got fairly brutally ko'd by Brundage and lost to Bryan Battle which I think was a mental thing more than anything so I think the likely odds in favor of Nickal will be accurate.
Who?
Better wear a steel cup.
I read this as “Bo Bickel will fight Treason charges” and immediately said, “Did he just pull a Benedict Arnold?!”
That’s a proper step up for Nickal … tough but winnable
Let's see what fouls Bo Nickal gets away with in this fight.
Will he cheated again
Lo Blo Nickal wins by inner thigh KO
Why? This is a mismatch.
Gore has a huge opportunity to derail the hype of Nickal
Man, they are really easing him along. This fight won’t make it to the 2nd round.
I'm glad Nickal is an MMA fighter because he has a punchable face
Who da fook
I cant wait.  I’m all in on the Bo hype train.   Wish he was destroying Chimaev though
What a test! Lol
Treason Gore is a gnarly finisher when he wins, gnarly finishee when he loses, Bo by murder
Who?
Nutshot o/u 2.5 -150
Hopefully Gore has a platinum cup.
Hopefully Gore has a platinum cup.
Nutshot Nickal getting fed nobodies.  It will probably be on the main card.
Bo is 1.5 years in his MMA career and he’s already fighting n the UFC. People need to chill out and let him progress the right way. He’s still pretty green in many aspects and could use some more time to improve. We’ve all seen what happens when you rush a prospect too soon
Let's see,he'll fight a handful of unranked scrubs and then leapfrog the division and fight the no#1contender for a title shot? Seems to be the formula for hyped fighters they wanna build up.
If its Bo Nickal va some dude Ive literally never heard of, I think its safe to say Nickal by first round submission.
The 0 stays 0 for low blow bo
I was hoping they’d just feed him to khamzat
I think there is a good chance gore wins this. Bo is so spastic to start fights. Gore can capitalize. But realistically probably gets wrestle fucked.
Man this seems like an easy win for Bo. Yeah Gore has power in his hands but Nickals will get him down pretty easy. Gore's fight IQ is horrible
Gore is a glass cannon, TUF isn't really churning out good talent anymore.
Gore is gonna get his shit pushed in.
Cant really call that a step up in competition but no need to rush the guy either
Bo is the next Askren
This is a prelim fight that's would be in the main card  Bo Nickel,Paddy(his co main) and Raul Rosas jr  hurt PPV cards significantly lately
Frank Gores cousin?
Sending Gore straight to PFL
Although unlikely, I hope this isn’t on the MC. Featured prelim would be perfect, it’s international fight week you gotta do better than that with your MC considering the 2 fights you’re hoping to have lead the event (Jones/Stipe, Volk/Yair)
Not like thissss tresean
Bbq chicken for Bo
Nickal gettin all the brothas
Google “American bull terrier” and see which one of these fighters bears the resemblance
Im gonna bet the house on bo
Kudos for Treaean for putting his nuts on the line.
Hope gore sleeps Bo
The guy got beat by Bryan Battle.  He's just not very good.
you mean negative fight IQ lol
Gore straight up sucked in his first two lmao
Neffliggs imo
His ability to propagate DNA is in danger.
He’s gotten a taste of the nuts. There’s no going back. Nutshot Nickal will strike again.
In honor of the WWE merger, Bo cheats to win all his fights and in the title fight Alex accidentally left hooks the referee after Bo ducks and Bo’s corner tosses him a steel chair to win the championship
Chaos run to the title!
Headbutt knockout on a takedown attempt. You heard it here first
Eddie Guerrero type beat
all bo needs to do is buy a suit and then the nut shot will be forgotten cause the suit makes him wholesome and big chungus
Tresean does have those weird too close together eyes....
There wasn't a blatant foul to begin with. There's not a single shred of video evidence that shows that knee actually landing. It very well could've hit the thigh. Making a face isn't evidence.
Okay but do you really think he would’ve lost even if it didn’t happen?
Eye poke into a guillotine choke.
eye rake after ref bumps into jobber
UFC is Bellator now.  It's not like they didn't book easy fights for prospects they favor before.  But they definitely used to keep those fights on the prelims.
Are you actually confused why the UFC would feed someone to Bo on a big stage to build his name?
I wouldn’t say Gore is a can
yeah a veteran with an extensive record like Bo should be facing someone with at least 30 fights
I pay $3.04 per ppv thanks China cable
Wait til you hear what Bo’s MMA record is.
Holy smokes I just looked this guy up.  He looks EXACTLY like one of the googly eyed aliens from Men in Black 😂😂
Hey with all due respect it Sounds cool and got you some karma but in context he is 3-1 as an amateur, 2-0 on TUF, and those 2 losses were in the UFC to pretty decent fighters.     IF this was back in the "golden era" of MMA there was no amateur fights and a lot less TUF so this guy would be 9-3 and he's going against an NCAA DIV1 prospect. Hanzel so hot right now.
Didn't watch Ronda fight Bethe and a couple others? Some of those ladies had one technique each.   Cards nowadays are definitely weaker though I'll give you that
I always like to remind ppl that Maycee Barber was in a PPV co-main event once upon a time lol
When casual fans starting saying no name cards are always bangers because they were just finishes from can crushers beating on someone who only made a a few thousand.
4 letters, DWCS. It’s quite possibly the worst thing to happen to the UFC.
Bo Nickal is a draw and he needs somebody his level to fight. I’ve seen worse fights open up PPVs
Lmfao since when does anyone on this sub pay 80$ for any ppv. You can complain about the cards but don't act like you pay for them
Paying for a PPV hahahaha
Lol, don’t pay then. And try being a fan of boxing. You act like you’ve never seen a tuneup before.
It’s better than throwing bo to the wolves straight away
Disagree. Personally, I have no issue w this fight on its own, I just take issue w it being on a ppv main card.
I’m fine w ppl like Bo (minimal exp) and Rosas Jr (young) getting ~3 fights before anyone decent or top 20. I was even fine w O’Malley bc he wanted to get paid to fight top guys  Frustration come when Bo/Rosas talk about beating the current champs. Fans don’t like this, but fighters are supposed to be confident. They can’t be like “Idk if I’m ready. My next 0-2 opponent is rly tough”
Yeah I have no issue with this fight whatsoever. People forget that Bo has like 5 total minutes of fight time in his career so far.
There's an ocean between those two alternatives.  Think a little bit harder buddy.
Do you think you've spotted a contradiction here? Both can be and are problems  This is like complaining about how it's illegal to drive 100mph in a school zone but also illegal to drive 5mph on the highway
Literally no one is saying that, the beef is with it being on the main card
It should be him vs. andre muniz
A Bob Loblaw Law Bomb
sounds like a nickname colby would come up with lol
This was almost as funny as the first 7,000 times it was said.
he has some submission ability and heavier hands, hes slightly better than Pickett
It’s that Sean O’Malley matchmaking
Don’t worry, he will be lol
Gore sucks dude
This is why it was better when gambling online was illegal and semi-complicated to place bets. A lot of people are going to ruin their lives by betting on dumb shit because gambling is so accessible now.
Malcom Gordon would like to dispute that.
Oblivion NPC
Yeah he wasn’t really taking Pickett down prior to the nut shot. Based off that I don’t have a lot of faith in him, but we’ll see.
Step up? Gore is 1-2 in UFC, and his score is 4-2. Thats either a sidestep or a step down lol.
So true, some of these casuals forget that Bo is a prospect lol
It's fine Bo is getting cans fed to him, but don't lie about it lol
He's stands no chance against Chimaev at this point
I was not impressed with Bo's performance against Jamie Pickett, completely undeserved 50K bonus as well (mark of Dana White privilege). Bo has to do more before I'm aboard the hype train.
He's a can.
He's on the main card of a ppv.
I still have no idea where to place Bryan Battle, he won fights he should’ve won and lost fights he should’ve lost. He doesn’t exceed expectations or disappoint
🎲y 🎲y
Great nug shot, never seen it
Nutflicks
Water
Ladder match or I'm not buying the ppv
Hellulitis in a Cellulitis
I lie. I cheat. I steal.
Only if he doesn't get to show off his new suit.
Thank you for making my night hahahha
I mean he was preventing the takedown reasonably well until he got kneed in the general vicinity of the most sensitive area in the body and instantly got taken down due to the strike. Either Nickal nailed him with the hardest knee to the thigh in history or he got him in the junk.
Who knows. You ever heard the phrase "that's why you play the game"?
When’s the last time you watched a bellator card?
What’s wrong with the match up? Bo needs to gain more experience before fighting the top of the division. You don’t rush a prospect because it’s stupid. He’s got time to get improve. I’m ok with this
Main card fights are based off views, not skills.  Bo brings in the views, simple as that
Sure I get that aspect but there is no circumstance where this should be on the main card.
this sub cries about the ufc losing star power and having cards filled with names they don't know and then also cry when the ufc tries to build fighters to increase their name recognition lmao  there are countless things to criticize the ufc for but so much of it from this sub just boils down to "ufc bad upvote left"
Nothing confusing about it. I'm just wondering when UFC fans started to accept ridiculous matchmaking like this  And how does beating *Tresean Gore* build anyone's name? I can already hear Jon Anik saying in his walk out "6 men have tried, only 2 have managed to solve the puzzle that is Tresean Gore"
He's pretty close to a can.  No good wins on his record and he hasn't looked particularly good at any point in his UFC fights.
I watch literally every event and I can't say I remember any of his fights.
Wasn’t really his point was it?
You got me, that's definitely what I was suggesting
His point wasn't about the matchup but rather why a fight between two guys with collectively like 10 MMA fights of experience are on the main card
When?
He's from TUF though
Is he really a draw?
I don't think he's a draw, but I'm interested in watching Bo fight. I think he's an elite prospect. But I want to watch him fight people who actually have a chance against him, not cans that the UFC use to pad his record.  And if they must do this record padding shit, then at least do it on a fight night, or on the prelims
Bo is 100x more talented than Rosas though. Rosas’ hype is because he’s 18, not because he‘s shown any unique skills or athleticism.  All this means is that he will have a ton of mileage when he’s supposed to peak physically from 28-32. Being the 50th best 135’er at age 18 doesn’t mean he’ll be a title contender in a few years.
Why are you being down voted? The guy was making an obvious false dichotomy. Bo shouldn't be fighting for a ranking rn, but he should be fighting some high level unranked guys like Borralho, Duraev, Hawes, Rodrigues, etc. Not 4-2 Tresean Gore.
Nickal has 4 professional MMA fights   He needs these fights to build up his resume, you can't go from 0 MMA fights at a professional level to fighting ranked fighters without some fights.
Read the other comments on this and the comments on when Khamzat got his fight vs Burns
Dude has 5 minutes in the octagon total, he needs reps
Maybe Bob Loblaw can have a shout out on Bo Loblow's Low Blow Blog
In the live thread when the foul happened, I said he hit the other guy in Bo'ff Nickles - does that make me more or less funny than colby lmao
Bo finna send em back to the paint factory
He went from total setup to kind of a setup.
And Nickal is 4-0 total  It seems like fair matchmaking
Is he a top 10 fighter right now? I wouldn’t argue against it. He needs seasoning before he gets dropped into the deep end and these are the fights you need to win, and finish
Maybe or maybe not.   But I understand your position.   It’s certainly the most logical.
What part wasn’t impressive?  A lot of people didn’t like how he did the side choke including me.   But hearing him break it down on the MMA hour made sense.  I definitely think he needs in ring experience and time to develop.   But I can’t say anything negative about what I have seen so far.
Uhh...doesn't it sound like you know exactly where to place him?
He's lost 1 fight in the UFC including the ultimate fighter. He won 9 straight before losing to Fakhretdinov, who is 21-2 himself. I think you're being a little harsh and misremembering a bit. I think he's got a lot of room to develope his skillset given he's got good size and length for welterweight and is relatively young  Edit: just read your other comment and feel dumb now
He only lost one fight in the UFC including TUF
Michael Johnson-esque in that regard joe.
I'm not saying it didn't happen, but I haven't seen anything that shows with absolute certainty that it landed to the groin. It could've been straight to the groin, could've been the thigh, could've been to the thigh and slid up, I don't know. Unless there's some video with a clear point of contact that I haven't seen. It wouldn't be the first time someone made a face when it wasn't actually to the groin.
They did play the game. And Bo won
Fedor
Don’t put it on the main card in that case.   Let’s actually watch some competitive fights ffs
This fight will not help his progress, it will likely hurt or stall it. This is a gross mismatch and Bo gains nothing from it except a quick paycheck I suppose.
Dunno why this is downvoted lol
Theres 60-70 PPV main card fights in a year, which means 120-130 fighters on main cards throughout the year. With the amount of PPVs we get its not surprising there’s some kinda raw fighters on them. At least it’s not a ranked w135 fight or unranked heavyweights
to do what he just said? it’s to build hype for bo which is on the main card because that’s what people watch
This sub is the Ultimate Bitching Championship - UBC.   90% of the time people are complaining here.
Its annoying lol. This sub is becoming too similar to other reddit subs where they find their weird vendetta or stance to make, where now they lose all sense of rationality.   "This is bellator (despite me never seeing bellator)"  "This would've headlined a prelim years ago, espn sucks (even though prospects always fight on popular main cards)"
You’re definitely overthinking this one.  Fans will see Bo Nickal beat someone up on the biggest stage and learn who he is.  He’s not the main event and he’s not fighting for a belt.  He’s one of 5 fights on a main card and he’s more than likely going to be one of the biggest stars in the sport within a few years.
Josh Fremd is a very respectable win.   He only won because Josh went 0 IQ and shot straight into a power guillotine, but a win is a win lol
I remember him practically ripping that dude's head off with one of the least technical submissions of all time
If you say this and don’t remember his submission of the year (at least the most violent one) against Josh Fremd then I’ll say that unfortunate.
2021   Barber-Grasso was the co-main for UFC 258. And that was when Barber was coming off a loss and Grasso was 3-3 in her last 6. So you can imagine the anticipation.  I guess they just didn't quite feel that Ricky Simón vs Bria Kelleher was a big enough fight for a co-main?
Absolutely
yes
This is like his 5th pro fight, this is the kind of opponent he’s meant to be fighting. Could give him a big step up but there’s a chance it ruins his development when he’s clearly still quite green
Have you seen Rosas fight? His jiu jitsu is legitimately very good. And his opponent this weekend is no joke either.
If Bo can beat andre petroski he will easily become champion
The guy above is one of those where there is no winning. I think he watches MMA just have the material to stay in a constant whiny state.   You're right that this is a fair fight for his level. Gore is athletic, has some wrestling defense, and has power. He isn't that great, but to be fair, Bo looked pretty uncomfortable on his feet for the short time that last fight lasted.   They can't just immediately throw him to the wolves with an opponent that has good TDD until he has more time to balance his skillset. Should this be on the main card? Depends on what fights 290 gets, but Bo Nickal has created a lot of buzz already, so its understandable if it is on there.   I'm so tired of "fans" complaining about getting more MMA and wanting less cards just to drive these type of fights lower in the bout order. I was watching in those days, and something looking good on paper is really no guarantee it was actually entertaining. When a card sucked, that was all you got for sometimes months at a time. People have rose tinted glasses.
Why does it have to be layups against guys he's such a huge favorite tho? Why not something that may be challenging for him.
Even in the extremely shallow MW division, there's a huge middle in between Tresean Gore and ranked fighters. I'd like to see Bo fight someone in that middle, someone who can actually challenge him somewhat.
You are aware that the champion in his divison is litteraly 7-1?
That’s also true. If he can beat andre petroski, he will be champion easily
Puts you on the same level as Izzy for bringing up your same joke again
Yes, but im just talking about the "proper step up".
For me he’s a prospect until he isn’t. I think he needs to beat 2 top 15 guys to drop that label regardless how good he is now
The fact he kneed Jamie in the groin to get the takedown when it looked like he was struggling to get him down at first (which was completely unpunished by the ref and overlooked by the broadcast), was rushing transitions and submission attempts against a guy who lets be frank, is not very good.
No because he’s still 3-1 in the UFC, 5-1 if you include TUF fights lol lost to someone I rate very highly, but hasn’t really beaten anyone that I rate highly either. He could be very good and just lost to the great fighter he lost to. Or he could be a can crusher
Yeah I’m better than my family at monopoly so it doesn’t matter if I steal their money, because I was on path to victory anyways. We played the game. I won. I don’t see what all the fuss is about.
Khezmet of 2 years ago enters the chat
Strongly disagree. I see it as he’s fighting another UFC caliber fighter and gaining experience. Who did Khabib fight in his 5th mma match?   I bet you never heard of him
You do realize fighters train, right? That's what they spend 99% of their careers doing and where the majority of improvements are made. How is an easy win going to hurt Bo? Is that going to make him stop training?
Nah they've done this every single time. If you're gonna showcase a top prospect, put them against a well known opponent, not this garbage.
Nah, years ago this would have been a prelim headlining fight. That is how you get attention for up and comers while avoiding putting squash matches on an expensive PPV...
Again, I'm not saying it's not a good decision for the UFC's bottom line. I'm sure it is, but from the perspective of a non-casual who doesn't work for the UFC and isn't a shareholder, it's a silly fight, and certainly not PPV worthy.
I remember watching that and thinking I was about to witness a goddamn fatality.
Thing is I don’t think most people realize that Fremd is actually pretty decent
By what metric? Because the UFC are pushing him?
Bo is one of the greatest wrestlers to ever compete in the UFC. For basically his entire life, he's been one of the best, if not the best wrestler in the country at his age group. Not only that, but he's been competiting at a high level at BJJ comps for a few years now. To act like he's a typical 4-0 MMA fighter is ridiculous.  I'm not saying he should be fighting for the belt, or even face a ranked fighter. But there's a middle ground here. Unfortunately the UFC won't do that since 95% of their fans are brain dead, and they  get away with letting him fight cans
I feel so spoiled nowadays having UFC almost every week. Last weekend I found myself annoyed there was no card on Saturday. Meanwhile back around UFC 100 when I started watching I would be stoked if we only had a two week break between cards. I do not miss that at all. It’s also worth saying some of the worst cards on paper I’ve watched have turned out to be bangers and vice versa. You never know until the fights happen. UFC 102 comes to mind as one I was way down on leading up to the night and it’s one of my favorite events I’ve ever watched to this day.
100%   Started watching this sport in the early 2000s   And while yeah there are some shitty fight cards, I like that I can go to a sports bar every weekend and watch MMA. Either UFC, One, PFL, Bellator.   I understand people thinking this fight is funky to be on the main card, but they are trying to build Nickal up and the only way to do that is to give him tougher and tougher challenges.   If they through him against Khamzat right away he will be surprised that MMA grappling is completely different than wrestling.  He needs to find his balance as a fighter first.
Gore has heavy hands and good TDD (81%).  He is a good challenge against someone who has 2 amateur fights and 4 pro ones. Especially considering that Nickal looked uncomfortable in the stand up against Picket and was struggling with the take down until the nut shot.  And I say this as a big Bo Nickal fan
And he was fast tracked because of the story line with Adesanya, and given favorable match ups because of this. Look at the difference between who Adesanya had to fight and their styles to get a title shot.   While I am a big Nickal fan as I am also a former wrestler and followed him in his wrestling days, Nickal has two amateur fights and 4 professional fights.   I dont think him fighting someone who is 4-2 as a pro and 2-0 as an amatuer is bad matchmaking at all.
Hahah that’s good
Middleweight is shockingly deep, too, so let him get some experience before he gets someone like Bobby knuckles.
The groin shot is way over blown.  But you’re correct.   Thinking back it was harder to get him down than I would have expected for sure.  He still have a first round finish while never being in danger for a second.  I wish this next match wasn’t against a can.  I want to see him tested.
Are you saying he kneed pickett in the groin on purpose because he couldnt get the take down?
I think generally he's not very experienced. I'm not sure when he started training but he's 28 now and has only had 10 pro MMA fights, his first being at heavyweight when he was 22, and now he's dropped down to welterweight.   I liked the guy in tuf, he's got a fun style and he's got a lot of heart, but I don't think I see him becoming a contender or maybe even ranked. Who knows though
Ref didn’t call it. Did you want Bo to just stop?
lol what Khamzat's first PPV main card was when he was 9-0, 3-0 in the UFC, and it was against Leech who was 18-6 with like 14 UFC fights under his belt lmao not even close to the same
If he was fighting a tough fight people would be saying he’s being rushed. The fight is fine, it being on ppv is not.
I also wasn't asked to pay 80 bucks to see khabib's 5th mma fight.
We can agree to disagree, Pickett was a decent opening fight, this Gore is a big step down in competition just from Pickett. Bo should be challenging himself to get better, not just break a sweat. But hey we can agree to disagree. No worries.
Khabibs 5th mma match also wasnt on a UFC ppv main card
Yea I agree with you 100% this is a just a paid training session for Bo.
You don't want an ego to go unchecked or you get guys like Khamzat who calls out light heavyweights.
He’s not a top prospect, he’s incredibly raw. Idk why dudes like you are so obsessed with seeing prospects get sage northcutted
They've been doing this for a few years now, it's frustrating but becoming more and more common
O Malley was crushing cans on the last few Conor fights iirc. Its not new at all. This is part of them building up and pushing prospects. Here goes the sub complaining bout the promotion not doing any promotion, then complaining when they do what they do to build up young talent to the fans
legit one of the most ruthless submissions i’ve ever seen
Debuting against an underrated beast like Fluffy will have that effect, sadly.
Records in other sports shouldn’t automatically mean you get fast tracked, Rodolfo Viera had 2 easy fights then got a decent step up and got beaten badly, and he had more mma experience than Bo did in their debuts. Bo had a weird controversial first fight with the low blow so I don’t mind one more potentially easy fight before he gets gm3 or something
What % chance do you give Gore against Bo?
Exactly, it’s crazy that fans don’t understand that. Just bc they are hyping a fighter doesn’t mean he can beat top 10 guys yet it means when he’s ready they will sell a shit ton of ppv
Its not overblown, the groin shot is what directly led to the takedown and the story on the ground from there. The fact the shot was completely ignored by the commentary is one thing, but the ref? Inexcusable. Honestly its worthy of overturning the result to a NC (which won't happen because Commissions will never take the blame and prefer to carry on as if nothing happened), because what transpired was not a fair contest.
He might have for all I know.
IMO it looked like he couldn’t take him down, and took advantage of an accidental nut shot, but I don’t think the shot was intentional.
He has some potential, he can beat the bottom end of the roster and maybe in a couple of years he can threaten to move up from there.
He started late as he said he just went to the gym to lose weight and then started taking fights at some point and got to where he is today.
Let’s agree to disagree 🤝
Then he shouldn't be on a main fucking card 🤣. Is it that hard to get it through your tiny little brain?
It will only happen more because of people like the ones in this thread who've come to tell us it's fine and normal and why are you complaining?
It’s one of the most misleading nicknames in MMA
Where did this idea of an MMA prospect losing being a career-ending thing come from? Rodolfo vs Fluffy was a great match-up precisely because they were evenly matched - Rodolfo was 7-0 and Fluffy was 7-2 at the time. Rodolfo lost, and he learnt a lot in his loss; since then he's fought a lot more conservatively, not recklessly hunting for submissions as much.   I have no interest in watching prospects fighting guys that they almost certainly will beat - that's one of the biggest problems in boxing imo.  Also, wrestling is a much better base for MMA than BJJ is. I can't even remember the last ADCC champ who became UFC champ
Might be biased because I am a Nickal fan since his Penn State days, but I will say 30%   Nickal looked uncomfortable on the feet against Pickett and was struggling to get the takedown until the nut shot.   Gore has better TDD than Picket and heavier hands
Aaron Pico is a perfect example … he should’ve been on undercards against cans for a couple of years before he even sniffed a main card and a top 50 lightweight
Lol this comment alone shows how overblown it is. The commission already looked at it and said there wasn't sufficient evidence to overturn it, because there isn't. Show me even one video that shows the point of contact to make you so absolutely sure it was a low blow. You want it overturned because Pickett made a face? Making a face isn't evidence. Usman faked a nut shot when he very clearly got body kicked, but should we still count that as a low blow because he made a face?
He fights out of my friend’s school. He is a great young man. These young guys training all day with specialists in boxing , grappling and mma, you can’t believe the leaps they are making. Every time you see them they’ve improved. The last fight with Rinat can happen to anyone. That wrestling of Rinat poses problems for everyone. Bryan never broke and that can’t be taught.
Card placement isn’t about ability, it’s about popularity. Literally anyone who has ever watched a PPV knows this. You’re being aggressively stupid
Because one of his skill sets is so high level that he WILL be a top ranked fighter at the least, once his other skills are proven (and as long as he doesn’t get hurt and stays dedicated). So they are currently building up a name for when that moment comes.   It’s much better to promote a 12-0 5th ranked fighter than it is to promote a 10-4 5th ranked fighter… which is what you’d get right now if you threw him to the wolves. But by that time at 10-4 (for example), he will likely be good enough to have earned a top 5 ranking because he’s going to beat some people just on his grappling.   So again, would you rather the fighter be 10-4 and promote that? Or would you rather the fighter be 12-0 ranked top 5 (with already name notoriety from the main cards) and promote that?
Gore will be +500 at best, likely closer to +1000, so you're going to be putting a huge bet on him, right?
Omg I remember that shit lol he got knocked out. That’s the first Bellator card I watched all bc the hype
Oh shut up, it was a clear low blow and the Commission are a bunch of lazy idiots.
You just keep saying something different every single comment. 🤣 Who the fuck knows who Bo Nickal is other than hardcore fans?
Cool, move him to the prelims where he belongs for now. The main card should be for higher ranked fighters or for a prospect to make his debut against a ranked fighter.
Show me the point of contact then if it's that clear. Show me the evidence the commission should've used to overturn it.
He’s popular among casuals. Wtf are you smoking?
So you missed the part where they build an undefeated top ranked fighter who has been known to the public for multiple fights?   I hope you feel the same way about Paddy Pimblett then. Because he’s headlining events and he’s pretty bad (for ufc) to average.
The fact you're even asking me to point out clear video evidence says to me you're either stupid or in denial. I'm not going to bother with such nonsense.
The only thing The Bad Guy has ever gotten wrong was a single question on a pop quiz back in 3rd grade
Tbh drake has had some correct one chiefs paddy meatball and jbj. Chael also picked figgy and ngannou at last year. These are of the top of my head.
No. Because curses are made up nonsense. Also drake’s “bets” are paid advertising for crypto scam casino stake. It isn’t real money, stop believing that shit.
Forget that. I wanna know Kenny Florian's record.
I remember the Nam Pham curse way back when
Also he was wrong about the rules in the silva fight. He thought he would just lose that round, and since he won the other 4, he would have won the fight.
If I remember correctly, the question was whether Pluto was a planet or not. His grade was retroactively corrected by the state education department 👍
I never said I believed it bozo. I just wanted to have extra talking points.
When you beat someone's ass so bad you start tripping
I felt like I was on psychedelics when they read that it was a split decision
Man I love Cory sandhagen. One of the few truly reflective and incredibly dangerous fighters on the roster. He effectively separates himself from his fighting, but really turns it on when it’s time to fight.   Also would love to smoke a bowl with him.
Fantastic
When you talk to Joe, you gotta somehow twist it into a psychedelic story. Joe eats that shit up.
makes sense what hes saying. all humans do better at the thing they are doing if they enjoy it or have some sort of 'game' with it. positive perspective or stigmas really make a huge difference mentally.
While I have always been a fan of Sandhagen, my admiration for him has grown even stronger, and I am now rooting for him on his journey towards the world title. I believe that with his improved mindset, he will soon be a contender for the championship belt. If he were to face Aljo again, I am confident that he will be better prepared and have a greater chance of winning. Regardless of the outcome, Sandhagen is a true warrior, and I have no doubt that he will continue to be one of my favorite fighters. Best of luck to you, Cory!
Something Corey said about all it took was one other judge to say chito won and he’d have lost that fight. Super simple but I was like damn
He’s describing text book mindfulness. Super powerful thing you can use in any part of life and practicing it will change your life for the better
Sandhagen looks like Lil Dicky 😆
Sounds like he pretty much was letting his unconscious/subconscious brain run the show; kind of like how when you're doing a drive that you've done hundreds of times before you can just sort of turn your brain off and run on autopilot.  I'm guessing that fighting can be the same assuming you've done the training, both physical and mental, and are able to let go of all the stuff that normally prevents you from entering that kind of state in a fight, the fear, anxiety, excitement, etc.
There's a guy I buy weed from who looks just like Cory. Reason #80 why I'm his biggest fan.
Damn I haven’t even listened to the Masvidal one yet, I got some catching up to do
Great video.
This man is truly walking the sword path
Ryan Reynolds was on Rogan?
he always sounds like he thinks he's the smartest guy in the room
Goofy
It was a great performance but honestly I was too busy wondering why Chito didn't do anything to pay attention
Doing any kind of endurance race can be kind of like that. The muscle memory takes over and you kind of hyper focus on things like the pain not actually being "that bad" or controlling your breathing etc. It's like a primal survival mechanism to just get through whatever you're facing.
Ojeda(sp?) certainly was
I lowkey had to do a double take and make sure I wasn’t still high bro   I was leaving my room to knock out some dishes and heard Buffer announce one of the judges having it for Chito and sprinted back to watch the decision.
These edibles ain't shi-   "48-47 Vera" 👁👄👁
Does Cory smoke? I typically like the eccentric personalities in MMA but I also really like Sandhagen  Genuinely cannot fathom a reason that this is downvoted, you guys must be very highly skilled in conversation
He has the most self reflection and introspection of any fighter currently on the roster.  He made a post on Instagram that showed me how real and connected to the average person he really is. It was really beautiful and heartfelt.
DID YA KNOW HUMAN CONSCIOUSNESS EMERGED FROM MONKEYS DOING SHROOMS??!?
He sure does. Especially with that beanie.
Skip it
Yeah that’s Rohan for you..
I’ve heard him call himself not smart multiple times
He’s just uncommon to you common folks.
I knew him at Colorado State (big stoner school, people blazing openly). Whenever we would be walking around and smell weed, he would pinch his nose, rapidly wave his hand, and really loudly exclaim "PEEEEEEE-YEWWWWWWWWW!"
I remember reading some where he has a, bad smoking problem. One pack a day kinda guy
Lol. Such an innocuous question and statement. Reddit is weird sometimes.  I think if you poorly skim your original post you could misinterpret it as a dig at Sandhagen. Then once a couple downvotes piled on it became easier to poorly skim and misinterpret.
He lives in Denver and does BJJ. Id say theres a 98% chance.
This interview for instance
Gah damnit I can’t tell if this is a fresh pasta lmao
True story. I was the weed.
Keith Peterson's favourite fighter
One pack? Nothing m8. Do blow you’ll do 2-3 in a night.
SIR, are you ready?
"Where the booze at?"  - Keith Peterson
I’m not the most versed in Muay Thai all time greats.   But nong o is a 4 weight class lumpinee champion, Rajadamnern Stadium champion, Vigo Marathon Tournament champion, 3 division Boxing Association of Thailand champion. Plus ONE champion.   With with wins over Liam Harrison (9 time champion in multiple weight classes), Fabio Pinca (14 time champion), Petchboonchu FA Group( 15 time champion) and many other fighters who have won multiple belts in multiple weight classes.   He’s definitely up there all time.
Get him some real competition please!  It's hard to rank anyone against the golden era, there were so many amazing fighters back in the day. Of the modern era I think he's probably top 5. Him, Saenchai, Panpayak, Prajanchai, Petchboonchu, Yodwicha, Superlek... That's what I think the bracket would look like anyway.
Don’t miss Nong-O’s eighth Bantamweight Muay Thai World Title defense against former flyweight king Jonathan Haggerty on April 21 at ONE Fight Night 9 on Prime Video! Tune in at 8pm ET/5pm PT — included with Prime Video in the U.S. and Canada.     🌍 Live TV broadcast in 170+ countries (check local listings)   🌍 Also available on ONE YouTube and ONE Facebook (geo-restrictions may apply)   🌍 Also available on [http://Watch.ONEFC.com](http://Watch.ONEFC.com) (geo-restrictions may apply)
For me, Dieselnoi is the Muay Thai GOAT, absolute physical phreak, literally had to retire because no one wanted to fight him. Literally. He talked about it on Sylvie Von Duuglas Ittu’s youtube channel in an interview. He couldnt get fights because no one would fight him and the pay was really not good back then and he couldnt afford to not fight anymore aswell as the belt getting stripped, becausw, no one, wanted to fight him.  For those that dont know: he was 6’2 and 134lbs, with legs so long he could knee people in the face, standing.
Where does he rank in being able to stop a takedown?
He's in my top 7,000,000,000 p4p
Liam and Fabio definitely aren't in the same tier as Nong-O and Petchboonchu. Fantastic fighters, but 'world champion' in Muay Thai in some cases can mean very little at all. Depends on the organisation and the level of talent in it.
Imagine a World Grand Prix with all those names you mentioned in their prime! 🤯
Sub says r/MMA. I’m sure there’s another place to post this.
I saw a video about him. It was either the modern martial artist or Laurence kenshin striking on youtube, but yeah, he's pretty dope. Great style. My favorites, though, are Saenchai, Buakaw and Lerdsila. I will say that Tawanchai is quickly becoming one of my favorites to watch. And obviously, like most, i love me some Rodtang as well.
I mean, they've mostly all fought tons of times already... I know Panpayak's fought Prajanchai twice and Superlek eight times, and Yodwicha/Petch/Saenchai/Nong-O probably have more than four fights between every pairing
Yah I'm pretty sure Saenchai beat him like 3x with a weight disadvantage for one of them back in the days
That’s my cousin pacheco
Larissa, I just need you to cover my groceries for a few months and I'll be out of your hair
Man this is sad. I remember even Jessica Andrade got her money fucked with when she became champion.
Tale as old as time. You’re the hot thing in the block when you make it big
Sucks to hear.   I would never hit up someone I hadn’t spoken to in forever to ask for money after they won millions.
They should have bet on her.
It's a sad thing when you have distant family/friends/acquaintances come after you looking for money or to invest in their businesses or schemes. If it was me, I'd have no problem telling them but I don't have a million dollars
 FYI you do not win a million dollar prize for winning the tournament. You win a million spread across the fights you win to get there.
Honda Civic is a great car, glad she could fulfill her dream.
PFL needs to make those ladies tops a bit thicker around the chesr area.
That's why UFC fighters choose to have most of their pay undisclosed. They know what happens when family and friends see the real numbers released by commissions.
I remember I was one of very few close friends that believed in her and told her she can upset Kayla Harrison before their fight last year.
Let's go bowling
She only won a million
What happened? I’m out of the loop I guess
Congrats, you aren't a degenerate haha
Underrated comment
It's the one reason why I feel bad for every guy in a stick & ball sport who signs a big deal and that number is all over the news... like Larissa had it bad but imagine all the people who come out of the wood work when it's 50$ million
Fake account
No, that actually has next to nothing to do with things.  It's the UFC that chooses to keep pay numbers close to the chest in the same way companies and promoters have always done. When those numbers get out from big fights, other fighters get pissed and ask for more money or won't take fights. Keeping pay quiet limits the amount of negotiation they go through with.  California has tried to change this somewhat by requiring disclosure of pay.
If the downvotes are to indicate anything it’s that People don’t want to acknowledge that ufc fighters are well compensated in comparison to their peers.  It goes against the group think of “no ufc fighter ever makes any money ever.”
I remember how she always used to talk about all the things we would have when WE made it big.
Ok so no eggs for that guy.
Her ex-wife either mismanaged or embezzled a lot of Andrade's money, its why she took the Blanchfield fight on short notice
Well let’s not jump to conclusions just yet
I’d just feel ***slimy***   I have no problem with the homeless asking for spare change and stuff. I actually respect that because that’s when someone has truly hit rock bottom, but I couldn’t do that to someone I used to know or sorta know just cause they won in life.
Fighters can release their full pay at anytime. They choose to have it structured this way. Pacheco just found out why.  You're just regurgitating an r/MMA anti-ufc talking point. Ask any manager/lawyer negotiating these deals. It is requested the UFC structures deals this way.  r/MMA is full of the most overconfident know nothing say anything to rage against the UFC hipsters
Nah, sometimes downvotes just mean your take is shit and you don't know what you're talking about.
UFC fighters themselves are saying it. You’re choosing to believe the corporation over the fighters who are actually speaking out and putting their asses on the line.
i want new shoes  &#x200B;  i never ever had brand new shoes
Wtf, really? News to me
Was that the heavy chick she was with on embedded?
I couldn't imagine the lack of  pride a person has to do something like that.
Exactly…fighters can disclose their earnings anytime they want, but it happens rarely. If they did all share it it would be beneficial to the fighter pay movement
Because they have a cousin u/DirtyMoneyJesus who has bills to pay
>As NHL Players Executive Director Donald Fehr said, **“You have to know where you slot in. If you don’t have the salary information, you can’t do that. If you can’t do that, you can’t negotiate it.”**  >The average NHL salary in 1991-92, the first year salaries were disclosed, was $368,608. In 2017-18, that number climbed to $2.78 million.  >It’s safe to assume that without salary disclosure those increases would not be as large as they were.  From: Editorial: Nevada decision to not disclose fighter pay is a blessing for UFC  https://bloodyelbow.com/2020/07/23/nevada-decision-not-disclose-fighter-pay-blessing-ufc-nsac-dana-white-jon-jones/
Anytime they say it, it’s code for “I want a bigger contract.”  The MMAAA was nothing but a shake down and disappeared just as soon as everyone got a bigger bag to fight.
yeah man its these freeking greedy corporations man…
>However, the new contract is not the only reason why Andrade feels positive about her future. In an interview with Ag Fight, Jessica also revealed that the UFC paid her in advance to help Jessica resolve a difficult financial situation that grew from her divorce and the mishandling of her money by her ex-wife.   >   >“After we split up, there was the whole divorce thing. You have to lawyer up and then the money just vanishes. Before I realized it, I had no money. That’s why I say I work for the biggest promotion in the world, though. When I needed them the most, they were there for me. Life is all about overcoming hardships and learning,”  [Per Bloody Elbow](https://bloodyelbow.com/2023/02/16/jessica-andrade-talks-financial-woes-new-contract-ufc-help-paid-upfront-mma-news/)
Yup
12k to show 12k to win, 3 times a year if that. What a bag for a $12billion company
Lesbians learning the hard way about divorce.
Andrade is way outta her league
Not trying to say fighters are paid well, but Jared cannoneer getting payed 300-500k a year and still says he's broke because he has 3 big homes. Brazilian cowboy and Jamal have like 13 kids, not a cheap life to live.
Mma fans learning the hard way about being out of highschool
Prolly, but Andrade is basically a farm girl, doesn't have that cosmopolitan mindset
Great just counter the stated issue of dogshit base pay that has actually been both reduced to 10k and spread to more and more of the roster with a strawman about some fighters having a lot of kids
But she's still handsome af and seems to have a good heart
My bad, I'm a bit lost in the convo and not sure what a straw man is. Didn't mean to defend the UFC at all. I think the mentality of fighters saying they need to provide for their kids is to motivate them more than anything. There are some very sad stories, but most want to make it big, rich lifestyle, own a Ferrari. If Justin had to feed the kids he would have stayed in the mine etc.
Dawodu vs Almeida is a great fight
The structure of the tweet got me excited about a 2v2 tag team match. Had to do a double take.
There are no good champ fights left. Jiri is still injured. Everyone else has fought/will fight too close to 289.   Do not do Canada dirty with a nunes or flyweight main.   Canadians deserve Khamzat vs Whittaker/Costa for 5 rounds Dana.
Is Aiemann in any way related to Firas Zahabi??
So now it’s possibly in Vancouver? I’m just gonna wait for an official announcement.
Aw man, how did it take me this long to find out that Fili vs Almeida fell through. Would have been a banger for sure
flames suck
>UFC 289  Nonono 189 wasn't that long ago bullshit
Gotta go with Aoriqileng and Dawudo here
so is Ariel Helwani vs the Chinese gentleman with the cool name
Spoke the nunes one into existence
Wow the disrespect to Moreno, as if he doesn't put out banger after banger.
I’ve got some bad news about the main event of UFC 289
Maybe Khamzat VS returning Rory
Yeah he’s Firas’ younger brother
Yes he’s firas and helwani’s secret love child
Didn’t have to wait long
He puts on bangers but the division is not exciting enough to main event.
Wow, he sure got a good coach then. Is he any good?
Hard disagree, I'd rather watch any men's flyweight fight than most heavyweight fights
He's already 35 and kinda meh.
Not really. His career has moved incredibly slowly. 35 years old and only 9-2, but he started fighting 11 years ago.
Better then any WMMA fight
Give me weili any day. I’ll happily leave you your heavyweight fights (except aspinall, I’m keeping him)
Here's the quote:  >“I think just his mentality alone would take him very far,” Ali Walsh told reporters. “You know, if he obviously wrestled, did jiu-jitsu, and did all these other things that are pretty much required for MMA, I think he’d do great.   >   >“Jon Jones actually looked up to him, as far as mentality and stuff like that,” he continued. “So, if Muhammad Ali was an MMA fighter and he was fighting against Jon Jones, it’d be a great fight because they both have that mentality. So yeah, I think he’d hold up pretty well.”  So basically he's saying that in some alternate universe where Ali had grown up training MMA instead of boxing, and happened to fight Jon Jones at some point in this alternate universe, he would have done well. Dumb headline to a dumb article.
People are getting mad but you haven't read the article. He's saying if his granddad took the time to learn MMA like he did boxing he would have done well against Jon, just because of his mentality.
ah very interesting thank you for this insight
In boxing Ali decimates Jon and in mma Jon decimates Ali in a street fight Jon literally murders Ali and goes to prison for life
I mean what are we doing here? Jon would massacre any boxer, ever, in an MMA fight. Jon when prepared massacres the best MMA fighters, fiancés, pregnant women, and 8 balls.
In Boxing Ali would humiliate Jones lol, but in MMA their fight would go exactly how I imagine Jones fight vs Izzy would’ve gone, Jones takes him down within 5 seconds and latches on a submission like an Americana or Kimura, in the case of Izzy I can just imagine so well Jones just tossing him to the floor brute strength style and then latching on a Kimura arm bar and purposefully ripping his arm and injuring him to prove a point lmao and especially because when Jones doesn’t like a fighter in particular he does his best to actually really hurt them in the fight
In boxing, sure, but in mma he’d be taken down and have a hole smashed into his face.
Ali would be a LHW or maybe even a MW with weight cutting, wasn't he like in the 220s? I think he'd be cutting to 186
I didn't know CTE was genetically transmissable.
I think he'd be surprised
Pretty reasonable take, god I hate clickbait headlines
two super tall lengthy dudes having a crazy mma match with insane reaction time and athleticism. im here for it.
He's probably right. Ali had amazing will in the ring, and also had great athleticism - speed, power, stamina, granite chin, everything. And all without PEDs (or at least without effective PEDs!).
Do you think Ali’s just going to sit there and let Jon kill him?
Greatest boxer destroys MMA fighter at boxing.  Greatest MMA fighter destroys boxer at MMA  More news at 11
Old Ali was. Young Ali was a lot smaller. When he became world champion, he was 206lbs - that's considerably smaller than Pereira, or even Whittaker. It's a few pounds heavier than Chimaev, but Chimaev is taller than Ali and has been trying to compete at 170 - give him a few years to build some more muscle on his frame at 185 and he'll probably be a similar size and weight to Ali.  So yeah. With MMA weight cutting, Ali would probably be a middleweight.
Yeah … he’s already dead, so it’s not like he could stop him from double murdering him
Hard to hit a target that moves so much.   *yeah yeah, I'm going to hell for that comment.*
Yeah idk why these stupid ass hypotheticals keep getting asked when everyone knows the answer
cOuLd JoN jOnEs BeAt TySoN fUrY?!?!?!?!
It’s funny you’d at that. Whenever hypothetical fight gets brought up between someone like Mike Tyson and DC on other social media like YouTube or TikTok, majority of the comments believe Tyson wins lol
[Never forget](https://streamable.com/rfwqs6)
From the mouth of Dana White and written by The Sun. Two highly credible sources of information.
Khabib probably enjoyed denying Conor a rematch more than he enjoyed beating him. There was never going to be a rematch
McGregor could have shot White's dog and fucked his wife, and White still would have booked the rematch if he could.
sure and jon jones will never headline a ufc event again
"However, McGregor’s decision to leak his private messages with White on social media in September led to Nurmagomedov having a change of heart.  White told Barstool Sports: “[Khabib] Was gonna do it until Conor did all this s***."   Bruh why would Khabib give a fuck about some dm's, sounds like White is making things up again.
Yes, because the first fight was so close and the fans needed a rematch.  /s  Don’t get me wrong, another chance for Khabib to kick Dillon Danis in the face isn’t a bad thing… but come on, we all know Conor would’ve tapped like chicken again.
"This is some man-code shit" - Dana White, redacted
I remember after the fight Conor’s first post on IG was something like “I look forward to the rematch” I’m glad he’s never getting it, not like he’d do any better anyway. Goon
Dana just thought he could pull out the thing Conor wanted most and said he blew it because he leaked those texts …it’s ex girlfriend shit lol
Did it so he could avoid getting his arse paddled again.
Yeah I’m sure that wasn’t on purpose lol. Khabib would have wrecked him so easily a second time.
“If you’re Khabib, you want to beat him twice, because… You know………”
Hahahah wtf is going on with his face? Boiling tomato sauce behind that flesh mask
I'm honestly not sure if this is AI generated or not
bros brain was buffering and just gave out. kid is moronic
To be fair to Dana, what he really had his mind on here was taking a a big stinky
khabib has never addressed or acknowledged him since, definitely been eating mcgregor inside ever since
Or shot his wife and fucked his dog. Either way
And the people who jumped in the cage to punch conor would never fight in the ufc again.   Women would never fight in the ufc.   What else?
You don't understand, Conor broke the fucking [bro code](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/trentreinsmith/2020/09/27/conor-mcgregor-and-dana-white-argue-over-man-code-violation/amp/), that shit's despicable, everyone knows it, including Khabib. You insult my family, my religion or whatever? Fine, we'll fight. You share another man's dms and you don't even deserve a fight.
It was we lost the fight but won the war
I love how his literal job is to be a promoter, yet hes so fucking bad at not leaking his clear biases
it's a fair point. To this day there are tons of McGregor fanboys talking about a fluke. And that fight was furthest from the fluke. But it's always better to win against someone two times instead of once.
The Nelk boys got him smoking weed and he is very paranoid about red eyes
He's one squinty motherfucka lol
They’ve had multiple Twitter exchanges, khabib has commented on his fights since then many times
I slapped my wife, but fk it,what's firing me gonna do, I'm already rich and it will only hurt everyone else
https://m.facebook.com/mmaindiashow/photos/after-defeat-at-ufc-229-the-next-two-tweets-from-conormcgregor-was-will-there-be/3407521975963671/?wtsid=rdr_0UmDkh8Ee4VEksScG
Tbf, he's literally said he has bias towards mcgregor, so it's not like he's trying to hide that one
It doesn’t really matter when it comes to the fanboys let’s be honest, Izzy is 0-3 against Poatan and people still talk like Alex got lucky.
Khabib probably doesn’t run his own twitter most of the time.
My bad sorry
All g we were both right lol
**Mirrors / Alternate angles**   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/MMA) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Damn, I wish we had refs like that over here. What a fucking beast.
Holy shit what a KO. Like if a big name UFC fighter did something like this, easily KOTY. Also shout out to the ref trying to catch the head. I think it still hit the floor but damn what a dive
Ton of finishes on this card but this one really stands out. Sick combo
Thats a beauty of a KO. Great timing and what a brutal kick to take after that punch
When Panpayak did it last year I thought I'd never see anything like it again lol
He was toast after the punch, the kick was just the butter spread.
Nasty and clean
Tbf there’s no knockdown rules in mma so it’s harder for them to intervene like this. Would be great to see it in boxing though.
Fantastic effort but still didn't manage to catch him.
Spread? He sure cracked him open wow!
Very true! I just love to see when refs are on the top of their game.
Tape study and analysis has always been a thing in sports for a long time. Definitely helped Bisping in the Rockhold rematch. There's still guys who just don't do any, but one can still use tendencies for emphasis in training.
A whole article just to say copious amounts of film study and having a target on your back is the reason? Something that isn’t new and even a moron could’ve told you?
Still can’t believe Shev threw that stupid ass spinning back kick against the cage
I am but a simple man, see ESPN and click downvote.
It's a cool quote and all, but the belt belongs to the champ, specially a dominant one, however long it takes for someone to take it from them.
You just summed up MMA journalism
Honestly journalism in general has been mid for several years.
At least its a 1 lb miss, so doesn't look like someone purposely taking the 20% dock to fight a grappler better.
Now Rosas can buy so many fruit roll ups and gushers with that money. Happy for the kid
Good for Rosas Jr. Extra money in his pocket from being professional.
Not really a catchweight if Rosas already made 135
20% of 12k? Bet lol
Don’t understand why line is so close. Rosas ITD
Rodriguez playing the long game.  Gonna come in overweight so he has an advantage and doesn't lose to the hyped up teenager.
I’m not familiar with Rodrigues really. How legit of a test is he for Rosas?
20% for 2lbs is tough
20% gonna be like $1500
He’s missed weight before hasn’t he?
He can buy his mom that van and maybe sand down his chin with that money
Good lad Rosas.  All that money for hookers and coke like a good kid.
dude in the thumbnail lookin like a chach 100%  edit:  LMAO dude in the thumbnail comin in here with 14 alts to downvote this comment, talkabout insecure L.FAO.
Damn Rodriguez is gonna have an 18 y/o daddy if he loses AND have to pay him. That's rough.
Funny how he gets 20% of his purse taken while dudes like chimeav get to keep theirs when their fights are moved to catch weight
Does weighing in even 3 pounds over really make a huge difference when theh balloon to 15 pounds above the weight class
I actually think it's more common for the grappler to come in heavy. Brazillian cowboy vs Will Brooks went down like that. Travel to Brazil on a 2 fight losing streak no way are you gonna pull out for opponent over weight.  It's not to have more energy it's literally to come in heavier to make them carry your weight. And not necessarily come in fatter, but do extra S&C that camp and come in with more muscle mass and greater post Hydration weight.
You joke but gushers do smack, can’t hate if he chooses that.
Takis!
Kids his age don’t buy that stuff…  But he’ll be able to buy a whole lot of drip.  Whatever that is…
How did this post get so many upvotes? Shame on you all.
Be nice
Gonna buy his mom another mini van
20% of his purse is like 3k
Probably an extra 3 grand 🤣. For fighting on the main card in the top professional fighting organization. Man what a disgrace, I make more from my bonus at work.
They do this for every fight where someone misses weight. It’s just for regulatory reasons — “this fight will occur with both fighters under x maximum weight”
That's true, it said catchweight on the wiki page so I just assumed it was.
lol yeah wtf. that’s like if I pay you $25 to mow my lawn and then you say “I’ll do it for $20” but you keep the whole $25
2.4k is a lot for his age.  Lol.  That’s about how much my first car was.
It’s really not that close of a line, Rodrigues is legit man do you think rosas should be -400 or something ?
He's a pretty good prospect himself actually. His only loss to Jonathan Pearce who is very good on short notice in his debut. He's very scrappy if he can defend some takedowns or scramble to his feet it's going to get to very interesting
He is at 8 wins 1 loss. 3 ko/tko, 4 subs(anaconda, rear naked, and armbar) and 1 decision. This guy likes to finish fights. His 1 loss was a decision against Jonothan Pierce (14-4).  This will be his 3rd fight in the UFC. Rodrigues has wins in Bellator, LFA, cage fury fighting, and contender series.  Should be a good scrap. Would love to see him smash Rosas.
Lol
Using money to sand anything down just sounds impractical. The surface of money isn’t rough enough to efficiently sand down other objects.
That big chin is an asset, my dude
Thats like sanding down a motorcycle helmet
Talmbout Danny Segs?
The last few pounds take a lot more out of you than the first 10 from my understanding.
The weight matters enough that we have weight classes and not depleting yourself further than necessary helps the gas tank
1 pound at 135 is… a lot.
Depends on at what threshold does losing weight have a negative affect on the fighter mentally and physically. And not everyone's threshold will be the same.  Sometimes you just fuck up your calculations, or the equipment wasn't right (there has been stories of fighters doing weight cuts in shifty small hotel bathrooms because they weren't other good options for some reason).
Yes. There are a lot of statistics about fighters that miss weight and the results they get. It’s a huge, huge advantage.
You shouldn’t group all grapplers together with this. Wrestlers always make weight, unless their name is Yoel Romero or a cheating DC (who was just actually getting so fat that he had to retire). Making weight is ingrained in wrestlers. Every wrestler on the roster fights at the weight they wrestled in college, and missing weight in college is completely taboo and basically non-existent. The big difference is in wrestling you weigh in then compete in 1 hour after weigh-ins, not a day later.   So, no wrestlers don’t come in heavy on purpose so they can outweigh their opponents. They usually don’t even come in heavy. A lot of them are actually probably happy that they can cut weight then eat and sleep for a night before competing 3 times a year vs weighing in 20 times a year and competing the hour after each weigh in.
Khamzat didn’t miss wait because he didn’t want to fight a grappler. Your take makes zero sense
I don't joke. Putting myself in his shoes, I'd do the same
Try them with a little tajin ( Mexican chill and lime spice). The slight spice and acidity with the fruit flavor is to die for.
Gushers are terrible   fruit by the foot or even fruit roll ups are better   if you get enough of them you can make a fruit by the mile
Have you had one lately. Bought a combo box with fruit by the foot and fruit rolls up recently. The gushers had a tough rind and very little oozes. Worst part of the pack.
- 🤓
It's a joke learn to laugh
He said in an interview this week he hasn't bought her the mini van yet because the bonus money took until just recently to get paid out.
Still extra money in his pocket
To be fair he’s 18 and it’s his 2nd fight in the organization. Not even the highest paid fighters in boxing today were making significant paydays in their 8th professional fight. Some weren’t even on television so Rosas is making significant ground at a early age.   You didn’t make 80k in one night when you were 18 nor were you on PPV on ESPN.  For veterans or big stars of the sport it is disgraceful.
“Man what a disgrace”… ok they can go make $2k from bellator
It's ridiculous because neither of them are gonna be near even the catchweight by the time they fight
For future reference bouts can only be contested at the lower weight when both athletes are within the weight class.  You are allowed to be under the limit of a weight class, but not over, so missing 135 puts you at featherweight.  Although Rosas made the bantamweight limit his opponent did not so it has to be contested at featherweight, because the athletes now are not at the limits of featherweight and below the max of 145/146 it becomes a featherweight catchweight bout. So an agreeded to bout outside the normal limits of a weight class.  Can be due to a miss or due to a contract if both guys want to come in at 140 for some reason.  It’s something you see on the regionals much more frequently.
Because it is a catch weight bout per the commission. The guy you’re replying to is simply wrong
You’re not a professional UFC fighter on the main card of a huge event.
It was like -175 earlier this week. I was going off dated data, my bad
Do you have a source for this claim? A peer reviewed study?
I heard someone here call him Little Foot Silva. One of the GOAT nicknames of all time.
Unbreakable
Why is it always strikers avoiding wrestlers and never the other way around
And when they actually step in the Octagon and they at their normal weights in the 150s at least? I did wrestling and other grappling, and me being say 180 with a guy whose 184 did not make much of a difference, even if we were to pretend like we actually were 170
What are you even talking about? This is not a common strategy, but the idea that a striker comes in heavy to "have more energy is silly".  It is well known that the reason mma has extreme weight cutting because grappling is part of it. A sport like boxing, the extra 5 10 lbs won't matter as much.  And yes because of this wrestlers are master weight cutters.  This is not a dig at grapplers missing weight, it is saying if one were to "come in heavy" it is for the grappling advantage not the striking advantage.
Better example is Geoff Neal coming in heavy to fight shavkat.
How you tried chili and Chamoy gushers? They’re great
Quantity by the foot, yard, or Mile doesn't match up to a nice gusher pack after a summer time pool sandwich.
Not the right time or place. Someone has just missed weight and your making a joke…
Of course it did. Being an mma fighter is probably the worst financial decision you can make.
I really wonder how these young upcoming athletes are even able to pay their rent.
I’m HOPING that’s because for that event, everyone who finishes got a bonus. So it took a bit to pay out.  Regardless……..this is pathetic
Dude that’s crazy, his last fight was on Dec. 10, 2022. So it’s taken the ufc 4 months to pay a fighter, who is probably making 10k/10k money. Brutal.
I think people are more comparing the monetary value of physical damage. The pay seems low because the physical risk is high. Imagine some of the wars and damage some of these fighters go through. And this is high pay for his ranking and popularity. Imagine what shit pay first fight on early prelims makes.
> To be fair he’s 18 and it’s his 2nd fight in the organization.  Being the first fight on a PPV card of this magnitude should count for something.   Cause they certainly aren’t treating him like someone with their second fight in the organization.
18 year olds in the NHL make at least 900k a year.
Thats irrelevant, this is supposed to be the top professional MMA league. That would be like NHL players making one quarter if what they make now and you saying, "well they could go to the AHL and make less".
Shit take as Bellator pays
Every division outside of the heavyweight (mostly) is like this
No one on the card will. Izzy will close to 200 and Alex will probably be over 200
that’s true of almost any fight regardless of whether it’s a catchweight
As dumb as it is, that’s how this entire industry works
you know they aren’t for regular fights either
There is a minimum. Back in the 155 is the lowest weight classes days there were fighters weighing in with all their clothes on and stuff in their pockets.  At 155 you'd have to be somewhere between 145.1 to 156.0.
With his username he could legit be Bendo tho.
I hear ya, yeah getting rosas at opening odds was a steal but I’ve heard ppl say this should be a pick ‘em
You make a good point. My bank account is telling me that I’m the last person who should tell others about how money should and shouldn’t be used.
Oh he’s gotta use that!
same reason cats dont wait to see if they can take a dog before running
> Why is it always strikers avoiding wrestlers and never the other way around  It's not always, but the reason for avoiding wrestlers if you aren't one is that wrestlers get to choose where the majority of the fight takes place.
The lighter you get the bigger the difference it makes and its less the actual weight, day of, its the effort it took to get to the weight at weigh ins.
You’re entire post here is correct. I misinterpreted your point.
When you bite into a gusher and that juice floods into your mouth 🤤😩🤤
Oh no, anyways
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not. Acting like someone's died or something. Get a sense of humour my guy!!
He missed weight he didn't die. Relax
Millions of people fuck up at work everyday and someone laughs about it.  Lighten up.
"I'm funny how? I mean, funny like I'm a clown? I amuse you? I make you laugh?"
Hahaha when did missing weight become a tragedy
Holy fuck imagine being as uptight as this dude \^
"I'm funny how? I mean, funny like I'm a clown? I amuse you? I make you laugh?"
I don't think you're grasping the weight of this situation
both GSP and DJ have said their advice for someone starting out is to not do MMA
Dana giving out envelopes filled with post it notes that say *IOU* on them.
Dude is probably going to live with his mom for a while after graduation.
The worst??
Dominick Cruz was a male stripper at The Unicorn for the first 6 years of his career.  Don't look into it.
They have jobs.
Still crashing at the parents house, roommates.
Yes you’re right. Mike Tyson was getting paid $500 at 18 for his first fight. 30k for a win with a potential of 80k total with a win bonus at 18 is not bad at all. If he turns 21 and has 600k people buying a PPV just to watch him and he faces the most dangerous men in the division then yes, at that point if he’s still getting paid the same then that’s terrible.
And Chief Keef signed a record deal for 6m at 18, but what the fuck does he or the NHL have to do with combat sports.   NO 18 year old in boxing or MMA is making 5m+ paydays. Canelo, Floyd, Manny Pacquiao, Mcgregor, Jon Jones all made jack shit their 8th professional fight. They did all start young that’s what he has in common with them. He has the ingredients and the fan base of Mexican / Mexican American combat sports fans to be a star and get those paydays but mocking him for not making it right now makes you look foolish.
Hey some guys weight in right at 266 for heavyweight, it happens there too.  Derrick Lewis has been in the best shape of his life for his last 6 fights a d he keeps weighing in right at 266, and he looks happy to have made it each time
Yep I know. I was referring to the weight cutting system as a whole, not just this fight alone.
Yeah there were tons of old weird rules, I’m talking about the modern rules as they apply to the fight in the title.  Nowadays the rules specify that you are required to weigh in wearing approximately what you will be fighting in or less. Although I’ve seen some commissions not follow this.
Well, while your claim makes sense, seems true, but I've been told we shouldn't believe our lying eyes. That we need authority to tell us what is truely true, and can't trust ourselves.
Exactly. My dog is an exceptional grappler while my cat is an otherworldly striker. My kitty still runs anytime my pup threatens the double leg.
Unless you get ktfo rushing in like some certain dad bod hype train derailment.
The irony
This is equivalent to a death, in the fight game.
Not just the regular folks messing up, there is almost always a weight miss on every card, often more than one, and a lot of the time more than one pound lol
He was making a joke, that wasn't even the same dude who said "be nice" lol man's getting downvoted for no reason
In Canada since they have universal healthcare I can see how it would make sense, but even then they might have a co-pay for serious stuff like surguries (which we all know is like another day at the office for mma fighters). GSP was still probably in the red during his early days of fighting though.  In America I would never even consider becoming an mma fighter no matter how much I'd love it. I'd just move countries if I wanted to become one that bad.
Wow, that also my advice, and I’m not even a fighter!
[That's as good as money, sir.](https://media.tenor.com/RhrwK25DsTIAAAAC/dumb-and-dumber-iou.gif)
You throwing shade at me?
So that's where he got his footwork 🤔
Lady: "Talk dirty to me Dom"  Dom: "Illegal eye pokes. *Keith Peterson.* **Can't slam from that position.**"
I guess that is where he learned what people smelling of alcohol and cigarettes came from 🤣
Rosas Jr is Mexican and 18. He’s living with his parents until his MMA career takes off or halts.
Jobs, roommates, “side hustles” have been common in gyms I’ve been around
Who said 5 million a fight? I literally just said NHL players make at least 900k a year. The UFC pays less than 20% of revenues to fighters, this is the issue.
No weight limit for heavyweight imo  Anyone have a problem with that?
Cats invented the guard though, honestly embarrassed for your cat
Do you think your dog can take Hasbullah?
Was that superlatively required my man
Right lol, dude was clearly making a joke
Not really. That would be like a knockout
Your a bum
The money is not enough to live on unless you happen to have enough skill or name recognition for a promotion that can pay you that much. Making it to the point where you can make a living in the UFC or Bellator is not an easy task. Fighting your local shows for $200 isn't going to pay the bills
Peformance of the Night, 50 Thou.  Might wanna hang onto that one
Dana doesn’t pay you well either????
Gotem
Yes and that’s a huge issue for the 30 year old stars that are bringing eyes to the sport and getting paid pennies for the eyes they bring. Rosas  is 18, he’s making more than anyone else doing it at his age, boxing or MMA. If he becomes a huge draw and is still making this at 25 then shame on the UFC but you can’t expect them to shell out huge paydays on someone who’s not tested.
Well yes there would still be a bum ass heavyweight division that takes up time on fight cards, and then you just let them get fatter and bummier
My dogs are 130+ lbs each, I'm pretty sure either of them can.
Well, both of them make me sick to my stomach
True, a lot of guys do supplement their income with coaching  as well. My local MMA scene is essentially guys at the top of the regional scene coaching hobbyists.
Missing weight by 2 lbs. Makes you sick to your stomach? Lol
Yea I noticed that. All the fighters that are starting out are coaches, with rare exceptions. A lot coach after they retire since they can command high prices once they have name recognition.
I have to relive it ever time you mention it.
Pretty fuckin good
Double champ in Glory, nuff said.
Certainly not as good as mine when that fighting dog enters me
Glory champ and UFC champ. Both by way of his striking? Probably pretty bad. Rousey/Askren levels.
HOW IS IT EVEN A QUESTION!
You can make a case for Alex Periera as one of the greatest fighters in GLORY Kickboxing history.He was 2 division simultaneously champion.  He checks kicks extremally well(improvement from his earlier days),switch stances,one weakness  that he's not comfortable when he gets pressured.
Almost as good as Askren's striking so it's pretty fucking elite
Very.
He’s the first and only double champ in GLORY, 3-0 against one of (if not the) best kickboxers in the UFC.  He’s alright I guess
Just enough to beat Izzy more than once.
Pretty much the striking goat in ufc no?
Glory Double Champ + UFC Champ, possibly in future will challenge for LHW belt     Pretty average
https://youtu.be/0Mx1oohdmh0
Better than me by a little. When i see red it's over bro
Guys I think he’s probably good
Almost fell asleep listening to that quiet monotone voiceover.
He has outstruck the UFC’s heralded GOAT striker 3 times in a row.   He’s ok, I suppose.
who the fuck is nuff
Where's your dog collar?
You get entered by a dog?
I see red bro
As the opposing striker, it seems it would be extremely difficult to get behind his defenses. He's dangerous at every range; leg, torso and head.
Goat? Greatest of all time? Guy hasn't even defended his belt yet; might not. Obviously can't be considered great yet.  He achieved greatness in kickboxing though and is definitely one of the most dangerous strikers MMA has ever had. He's actually got some pretty big weak areas in his game, but he's just extremely good at finding ways to put his scary power right through someone's jaw.
Moderate to fair for sure
He didn’t outstrike Izzy in mma … knocked him tf tho.
> UFC’s heralded GOAT striker  Anderson was clearly better.
Nuff Said, he's middle eastern.
Yes
He actually lost his last fight in Glory against a significantly smaller guy, Artem Vakhitov. It's on YouTube.  It's not a mega exciting fight, just Artem being incredibly smart and consistently putting it on him despite the scary power coming back his way. Shows you how 'basics' wins fights at the top level.
I mean as far as pure striking goes, who's better?
He actually did outstrike Izzy in 4 of the 5 rounds though funnily enough, it was very narrow margins but he still did lol
Have you seen the standard at MW back when Silva was champ? Sport's come a long way. Silva was something really special but it's not that easy of a comparison.
Not only that, but he robbed Vakhitov the first time.  Which is why I get annoyed whenever Pereira is referred to as one of the best Glory champions ever/double champ. Not to sound overtly offended, but he is neither of those.   Pereira isn't even on the list of best all-time kickboxers from Glory, and only his MW belt should be considered legitimate. MMA fans only consider him this because they clearly aren't kickboxing fans.   Not trying to sound too mad, I get that Pereira gets extra hype because he comes from a sport few watch, but it does get pretty old hearing this all the time, lol.   And yeah, Artem is legit. Sad he had to vacate his belt because of the whole Russia-Ukraine conflict.
Which is what I expect Izzy to do, gonna try and pressure him the whole time and hold him against the fence. Volk style.
Depends really. Not a simple question. Different strikers tend to be good at different things and have different levels of speed, power, durability, cardio etc.  There have been a few really really good strikers in MMA over the years - home grown MMA talents like Aldo and other striking crossovers like Doumbe, Adesanya, Rodtang.
And then he knocked him out 😭😭😭
Holding someone like 20lbs heavier than you is gonna be a very tough ask for Izzy
Aldo ain’t even a better striker than other greats in his division like mcgregor, volk, Holloway
look at that ugly mug, looks like some sort of weak foe in elden ring
Dana the Assaulter White vs Vince the predator McMahon
More pro wrestling fans, just what MMA needs!
Vince McMahon should’ve been left in the past and it’s gonna be even worse now for both companies
And in doing so have a chance to catch Power Slap!
UFC is about to get (even more) fixed
Dont think so.  I'd wager most MMA fans grew up watching WWF/E and that same interest is impossible to re-ignite when you know it's a soap opera.
Something tells me fighter pay is only getting worse.
Dana says a lot of dumb shit. I'd be looking forward to him finally stepping down now that Vince McMahon is gonna be his boss, but McMahon will somehow be worse.   I'm really hoping that ONE steps their shit up, and a Bellator sale might bring in a real promoter instead of that dogshit promoter Coker, who can't promote a single thing.
Not from me.
Lol I started watching UFC to get away from WWE
WWE hasn't grown their fanbase in over twenty years, we'll see about that.  Edit: [For anyone who can't take the time to look it up...](https://i.imgur.com/DP6Mras.png)
Hopefully we go full carny and bring back titantron and ramp UFC entrances
Tarnished Taebo instructor.
Pinkskin noble
Bout to merk his ass with Beast Claw
Bro I spit out drink at work because of you😭🤣🤣
Leave Patches out of this.
They teamed up, they're like the shitty version of the Wonder Twins now.
It’s still real to me god damn it
I mean most pro wrestling fans are just as ignorant of MMA's pro wrestling influences as UFC fans are, so you'll still get the same amount of "I can't believe the UFC is turning into WWE!" comments for every fake reality show moment.
Hey man, we ain't that bad. We have been amongst you quietly since the beginning.
Dana actually started firing shots at AEW, WWE's main rival, because Power Slap ratings were so shit and AEW was the lead-in.
Vince isn't his boss now. Endeavor bought WWE. I highly doubt Vince or Dana will interact much at all.
Bingo, everyone acts like Scott would make the UFC better if he tan it etc. guy sucks at his job, bellator is horribly promoted and he chooses the weirdest guys to go after “Francis is out of my price range, but we’d LOVE to have Fedor do 6 more fights
Very advanced graph. Thank you for your service.
not even worth it, you only get like 2 runes from his cheap corpse
> quietly  Nah, nothing quiet about it. Don't try to be acting like it's some sort of secret.
That was clearly just deflection though, AEW's ratings were like 4x that of Power Slap, can't blame them.
If I remember correctly, one of the articles stated that the new structure will have Dana reporting to Vince.
I can't believe Bellator has allowed Coker to run that company into the ground for like 15 years now. He's been absolutely DOGSHIT at his job this entire time.  ONE has overtaken it, and PFL probably has by this point too. At one point it was the de facto #2 organization, but that was just by default.  They have talent, but Coker and everyone he hired, including the whole production team HAVE to go if that organization has any hope for success.
Guess I can't speak for others, but aside from the odd joke or reference, I never really saw anyone discussing WWE in this sub prior to the sale. Which is what I was referring to as quietly.  There is no secret that the fan bases have a decent overlap.
Yes and no.  Under the new structure, Vince McMahon will be executive chairman of the new company. But Ari Emanuel will be CEO, as well as continue to be CEO of Endeavor. Emanuel is the boss. Nick Khan and Dana White will ultimately report to him.   There is speculation that the board won't keep Vince on for long.
As a promotion, I agree Bellator doesn’t do anything.   But to be fair, I will say their champs in each weight class are actual elite fighters. Which is something I though I would never say even 3 years ago.
>I can't believe Bellator has allowed Coker to run that company into the ground for like 15 years now  Rebney was the promoter first but I get your point.
It's honestly been pretty consistent for years. I've seen references to 80s/90s wrestling in this sub at least several times a week for the better part of a decade. Mostly because we can't stop joking and meme-ing, so a good pro wrestling reference always gets good mileage.
I see that shit all the time.
>There is speculation that the board won't keep Vince on for long.  I really don't know why they would. The dude is a walking lawsuit and a giant piece of shit. The UFC and WWE can get away with being scumbags, but when you are owned by a public corporation, that shit don't fly.
They have an amazing line up of champs and it’s really impressive you’re spot on.  Scott did a good job cultivating the next generation for sure.  I’m more annoyed at all of his promoting fuck ups, he still does tape delays for instance that shit just ruins every card. His weird obsession with over the hill ufc guys isn’t a good look either, but I can’t fault that since clearly the UFC has the name value.
I'm not commenting on their roster though. I'm commenting on how dogshit their promotion and production is. They go out of their way to make it feel like a B or C organization.
Apparently I'm looking the wrong places. I ain't seen nothing outside of the odd attitude era meme references and DC being a diehard fan. The complaining about more WWE fans makes it seem like they're trying to take over every thread with bloodline and judgement day references.
Well, I'd like to see ol Vince Mcmahon wriggle his way out of THIS jam! That shit won't fly in a public corporation!   'Vince wriggles his way out of the jam easily'    Ah! Well. Nevertheless,
I totally agree, all I’m saying is as bad as Coker has been at promoting, at least their roster has improved. That is all.
It feels like all for naught though. Nobody takes them seriously because of Coker. I'm hoping this sale gets a new owner who cares about the product and they gut Coker and everyone he hired.
I feel like whoever buys them up would actually be making a not-insane investment now.   Buy the roster, change the name, and get a new president/commissioner to be the face.
Don't even change the name, it's got recognition. Just gut the leadership and put actually capable people in charge.
With every episode, I feel like Gilbert is slowly transforming into Adriano Moraes. I swear that afro looks like it changes sizes between shots.  Also, Yanez in that suit. It’s like Leech is still on the card.
Man i know its super fucked up to say but the chin on Rosas is wild. Not sure ive ever seen such a severe case of underbite.
and of course Masvidal hangs with AJ Ferrari, the biggest douche in college wrestling (or make that, formerly in college wrestling since no program will let him on their team despite being a national champion with years of eligibility remaining)
Hooft looking like Pippi Longstockings
Doesn't mean anything, but it's interesting to see the tension in Izzy's face while he's looking at Alex. His jaw muscles are rapidly clenching and relaxing. He normally is totally relaxed during his face offs, but there's clearly a lot of energy here that's been notably absent in his previous fights.   To that end, it has to be very strange to be an athlete at the top of your field, and know that someone out there just totally has your number for whatever reason.
Didn't know Yves Edwards was Yanez coach. No wonder his stand up is so nasty
So Masvidal welcomed a guy currently charged with felony sexual assault into his camp?   Everyday this sport gets more embarrassing
2 thoughts:  1) Name a better duo than Gilbert and randomly running into his opponent in a hallway before a fight (same happened with Khamzat)  2) I had no idea Yanez was 29, for some reason I thought he was like 23
The Karate Hottie got rid of that awful karen haircut I see
Rosas my brother, what happened to that head
Can someone please explain to me what izzy has on his neck?
Is it me or Adesanya is looking a bit nervous? Looking forward to a good fight tbh
His first amateur fight was against Ngannou
Jay Leno?
Man you guys have to stop remarking on a 17 yr old kids appearance
He can’t change how he looks
For those who don’t know who he is Aj Ferrari won a national championship as a true freshman for okie st then was kicked off the team for sexually assaulting a chick. Biggest douche is an understatement.
That's not Henri Hooft lol it's [Jason Strout](https://www.instagram.com/coachstrout/?hl=en)
> His jaw muscles are rapidly clenching and relaxing  I feel like Izzy was going for the Crocop jaw muscle tension look, but it didn't have quite the same serial-killer vibe: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xvo5-RHg5Sg&t=16s  (The secret was that Crocop was chewing on the bone marrow of previous opponents.)
He is accusing him (Pereira) of using an IV before the fight has even started. Such a sore loser, LOL
The stupid psychobabble in this sub is ridiculous. 'his jaw clenched, that must mean...'. you people are truly something else
His striking was really good as a fighter, but i also found out that in this vlog.
Shit attracts flies.
I'm not following. Who exactly do you mean?
To be fair, by no stretch of any imagination would Masvidal be considered a good person, nor would be considered a role model. Not even to his own kids probably. This kinda behavior is not only expected of Masvidal, it's kind of expected of the whole MMA community.
Bro aj Ferrari is one of the best wrestlers in the country lol it’s not like masvidal picked up some random bum off the street that’s a convicted sexual offender.   This dude hasn’t even been convicted. For all we know he didn’t even do it.
When did wonderboy have a karen haircut?
He's wearing a dog collar for this card because he said something about him being a (under)dog and on saturday he will unleash that dog inside the octagon.  It's classic Izzy cringe but at least better than frozen like elsa
Alex's balls
Don’t worry about it and stop caring. Focus on what matters and that’s discussing the fight Saturday.
Gotta hand it to him, he tries some weird flamboyant shit but at least has the confidence to try. I guess he’s going for Jet Li’s Unleashed (which I remember being pretty average at best) can see him wearing it right up until he gets in the cage too.
He surely does. I think that this fight is going to last 2 rounds, tops.
You are right, they did show Hooft in a prior episode with longer hair so thought it was him
He probably is. MF adding like 40 lbs back or whatever? Come on.
I literally said "it doesn't mean anything" at the very outset of the first sentence. Must be neat to try and make your point while blatantly ignoring what was stated in order to do it.
AJ Ferrari
AJ Ferrari  > On July 5, 2022, a woman filed for an emergency protective order against Ferrari, alleging he sexually assaulted her on July 2 in her home. On July 14, Oklahoma State University confirmed Ferrari had left their wrestling team. An hour later, the Stillwater Police Department announced Ferrari was under investigation for sexual assault. On August 3, 2022 Ferrari was charged with felony sexual battery in Payne County District Court. After the charges were announced Ferrari's attorney released a statement saying “we remain confident that through the legal process, A.J. Jr. will be exonerated, as he is innocent and the facts will no doubt prove it.”
The two most famous current UFC fighters have been accused multiple times of violence against women.  It’s not the norm in MMA, but it definitely isn’t considered to be something big or career ending. In MMA you get like 5 felonies, or 10 if you’re a champ level fighter.
That doesn't even look like a dog collar, it looks like a snowboard or ski binding that you strap in when you're about to hit the slopes.
What kind of extreme dog collar is that? Looks like it's for a hellhound or of course the pit mix 99% of fighters have, which sure wouldn't match underdog rhetoric.
Jfc, Alex is going to flatline him.
Whered you get this idea from? It's a reference to a jet LI film 'unleashed'
no, what matters is discussing these guys doing pad work and how well their gloves fit.
Where is the proof? Are we to trust Izzy and his camp, when they lied after Volk lost against Makhachev??  At least Alex waited until the fight was over, but gynobender is making excuses before the fight has even started...
I genuinely don't know who that is, but you should never associate yourself with a sexual offender.
That’s a pornstar name if I’ve ever heard one
We should wait until it goes to trial, before we jump into conclusions. If he gets convicted in the court of law, it's a difference story.  None of us know what really happened.
Their public figurehead got caught on camera hitting his wife, and nothing changed. At this point, nothing will ever change. They willingly promote all this shit.
Jones and who?
It's the same collar as the one Jet Li wears in Unleashed.
Didn’t Ali basically come out and confirm that he used an IV and then delete his tweet after he realized it?
What "proof" do we have that they lied?  There's no hard proof, but anyone even remotely knowledgeable can make an inference.
The proof is the fact that he is huge come fight day. What else proof do you need? Also he didn't even accuse Alex of taking an IV, which is the ironic part
I really expected better from Masvidal   … said no one ever.
I was so disappointed when I heard about this, he became a national champ as a freshman in one of the bigger weight classes that usually have seniors and juniors at the top.   For some reason I thought this whole thing had already been resolved one way or another.
McGregor?
He literally fights in a pit in that, doesn't he? :D
No he didn't :)
No, that’s not how it works lol.   The person making the accusation needs to provide some sort of evidence to support their claim, something not Izzy or anyone from CKB has ever done.   If I were to, for example, accuse Izzy of being on PEDs, I would point to the fact that there’s pictures where he appears to have gyno from using, as recently as this week.   Pereira being good at cutting weight doesn’t make him a cheater
If there is proof of anyone doing something against USADA rules, its Adesanya, he has the worst case of gyno that has ever been seen in the UFC.
Completely forgot he still fought
I definitely remember seeing it posted here.
Yea and if you were to accuse Alex of hydrating back via iv, you could point to the fact that he's gonna walk into the cage with 40lbs back on him
If you read above, I think Izzy is probably using PEDs. But thinking that Alex is rehydrating 40 lbs naturally in a day is just fucking stupid.
You remember incorrectly then
That’s evidence of knowing how to cut weight and rehydrate effectively. Evidence of IV use would be something like a witness statement, seeing possible injection marks, or something of that nature.   Thinking every person who knows how to cut a lot of weight uses an IV is pretty weak evidence and why it’s being seen as Izzy being a sore loser about it before the fight has even started.
Downvoted but right
1) Ozzy didn't accuse Alex of taking an IV.   2) If you think people can naturally just put 40lbs back on in a day, idk what to tell you
Water weighs 8.34 lb/gallon and you don't absorb nearly the full amount. These dumb mother fuckers really think he's drinking 5-6 gallons of water?
You’re an Izzy fan boy so idk what to tell you lol  Any reasonably unbiased person could figure out what Izzy’s two tweets together were implying. You unfortunately, are not unbiased lol  Enjoy watching your hero take another nap tomorrow
yes my name is wrong in the video. i fought in an abandoned mall and warmed up in what used to be a macys, i didn’t expect perfection here.
Guy with the dad bod looks like he had some time to kill after dropping the kids for a birthday party and decided to try mma.
Id smoke a blunt with this dude
I remember your post man well done good movement good energy the dude definitely looked worried watching you bounce around the gaff before the 🔔 nice👍
Broooo you're a legend man, I remember your annoucement! Great performance 💪🏼 loved the mutual appreciation after the fight as well
Well done mate. Looked good out there. Bloke had a cracking pair of tits too, must have been distracting 🤣
NICE
Hey man, remember to keep that chin tucked especially when you don't use a high guard.      Keep up the good work!
Nice work man! He looks like had at least 20lb on you
How tf is that other guy fighting pro mma with beginner lvl striking
Love this man, fuckin gnarly
Hell yeah brother.
The legend himself, looking really good out there honestly
Not gonna lie, that's pretty fuckin' badass and gives me major JCVD/Bloodsport vibes
Reminds me of the old smokers. Looks like you were having a blast. Nice one.
he saw red
once i turned 30 the weed turned on me
thanks man. someone said he got nervous when he saw gray (maynard) walking me out. either way, he still came out ready to rock! he was a great dude we talk almost every day now lol
met him at weigh ins, great dude, had to help him find where he parked.
i was bricked up
THANK YOU BBY
i do use a high guard when im in close range but will do
thank you for thinking i was a pro <3
It was an amateur fight
thanks my man. been training for 6 years this june!
best night of my life
Bellator’s roster is pretty decent, something is off about the quality of their shows though
plans change
Tony Khan will buy them in an "anything you can do, I can do better" scenario.
Tony Kahn gotta step up.
Nemkov, Storley, Amosov, Eblen, Ptricio Pitbull, A.J McKee, Rufeon Stotts, Umar Nurmagomedov, some absolute killers in Bellator
I’ll buy it, $500 and I promise to never let Patricky fight for the title again
Bellator and PFL should merge under espn, then espn can let ufc go and focus on growing the competitor.
I hope someone buys it and rebrands the whole thing lmao. Their roster is good enough to actually be a popular organisation.
Any Chance RIZIN can afford to buy them? They’ve been talking about reaching the international audience and I really liked their NYE event w/ Bellator fighters
I wonder if Bellator is even worth 9 figures ($100mil+) at this point
r/MMA has over 2m members, if we each chip in like $1-5 we'd have a pretty compelling offer...  Boys, it's time we make headlines that put r/wallstreetbets and r/antiwork to shame...
Tony Khan shaking hard right now holding himself from buying Bellator and merge it with AEW and ROH.
It would honestly be cool if ONE could afford to purchase Bellator to expand in the US market more...but I understand the logistics would make it very hard to purchase and merge...  EDIT: Disclaimer: this is just an opinion of mine...I do not want to argue or debate about this...
Thank fuckin' Christ. Maybe they'll finally move on from Coker now. Dude can't promote for SHIT.
Bellator signs Francis and the ufc buys bellator. Boom roasted.
idk how possible it is but can they sell to someone that cares about Bellator and actually wants to promote the fact that they have some of the best fighters in the world?
Amazon or Apple jumping at this wouldn't surprise me. Their both looking to expand their live sports portfolio
Maybe AEW will buy them
I was gonna say I'll trade for a paper clip, but I really need this paper clip.
The UFC should buy Bellator and take their fighters like they did to Strikeforce.
Wouldn’t mind them merging with Rizin or One
Don’t see anyone buying it as it exists now. Huge roster to book. You need a good TV deal with a lot of dates. Not a very hot product right now.   If I am someone with a ton of money looking to get into MMA I don’t know what Bellator offers me that something new I started myself would not. They don’t have a lot of current viewers. They won’t have any TV dates without Paramount. What do they offer? A roster is nice but it would be a roster without TV or many fans.   I think Paramount will be out of combat sports entirely soon. Especially with Showtime eventually being folded into the Paramount app.
Bellator is a weird one for me, I like the roster but I can't seem to figure out the programming schedule. Seems all over the place. Am I wrong?
Lmao. They’re are a certain few users on this sub who were ADAMANT that Bellator wasn’t for sale despite the inside info from Ariel. Fuckin’ jokers.
TK gettin itchy
If you rate an organization by its contracted fighters they aren't quite Strikeforce but they do have some nice prospects. AJ McKee, Johnny Eblen, Usman Nurmagamedov could all fight for a title with only a win or two.  But they all would eventually end up in the UFC or never be missed if they didn't. Chandler esque in their careers.  UFC won't buy it but maybe ONE or PFL will. It would cement either as the #2 guy.
I think they could get a pretty sick season of TUF out of it... Bellator vs UFC.   Or if they had some kind of patent over the tournament format Bellator does. Idt that is actually a thing or something to could get exclusive rights to....But if it was, I could see that having some decent value.
I think Rogan should buy it, change the name and have them fight on a basketball court.
Damn... 😒  Ariel reposted on this as a rumor a couple months ago. Guess he was right.
Finally. Paramount either needs to take more/total control of the horrible production or get it of it. It's in this horrible nether region where the talent is at least solid, but the production value and marketing are horrible.  Either really go for it or cut the cord and give to someone else who hopefully will.
we can all throw in about $20 i reckon
This could be great. Bellator’s roster produced by someone who actually gives a shit about the product could honestly be great.
[Endeavor rn](https://media0.giphy.com/media/uDwKGxTFrADvO/200w.gif?cid=6c09b952gipexrzjywbaa0rv8yrninezzbq70tdle3wdmfew&rid=200w.gif&ct=g)
This has been a rumor for much longer than Ariel had reported it … would be shocked if endeavor makes an offer, because of the monopoly lawsuit
They should change upper management, find some cool feature, like PFL found with the tournament or ONE FC with other disciplines, and do rebranding.
Depending on the valuation, if I'm Endeavour I'm paying attention.   Hell, you could even do unification bouts. Imagine if you will, a mega-card of champ vs champ bouts.  If you really want to be the premier league for the sport like the MLB, NBA, NFL.. you can't just keep having all these other leagues taking market share. And honestly if I'm them, I might buy it just so PFL doesn't.
Endeavor buy Bellator and make Coker and Dana kiss 👏
Hopefully it’s PFL if they do sell. Go back to bellators Routes of tournament fighting. Have a sick roster. Great for the fighters. Kayla vs Cyborg could happen.  So much potential there.
Lol, Coker is not a problem, but thx problem is  non existing marketing and shitty production. You do realize that Coker is the president of the company, right ? It’s like his direct job duties.
I wish the world of MMA had a Tony Khan.
I wonder if the UFC purchasing Bellator would cause monopoly concerns or would the existence of the PFL, One and Rizin eliminate that?
Which org is the most likely to seriously compete with the UFC in the next 10 years?  Bellator seems like the closest currently, One is on the rise, and PFL has potential
Their promotion of events is absolutely terrible . Don’t know there’s a card on usually until it’s on and results start appearing in social media feeds.   Compare that with ONE who spam socials weeks in advance so I know about every card from mma to Fridays at lumpinee stadium
Endeavor Ent. should buy them. Fire Dana and Vince and create a crossover promotion where Bellator fights against UFC.  The winner there gets a wrestling match with the current WWE champion at WrestleMania.    With The Rock as the announcer.
Fire Coker
Wtf is a bellator
Bellator accouners suck. And also coming on the times it do I always miss it. Imo one is catching up and so is pfl
Is anyone really in the market for an MMA promotion that pulls like 70k behind a paywall and 175k without one though?
Merge with PFL and get rid of the tourney shit and do Grand Prix instead. PFL has good fighters but their format sucks ass
Bellator has a solid roster and Coker is not the problem.  The problem is that Bellator (and PFL) are not doing any kind of effective marketing.  Bellator 292 had two Quarter final fights from their 155 World Grand Prix tournament, which started out with Benson Henderson, Usman Nurmagomedov (the Bellator 155 champ), A. J. McKee, Patricky Pitbull among others.  A tournament with their champ, and some decent names should fell more relevant than a random UFC Apex card.  That card happened 1 day prior to Yan vs Dvalishivili.  But all that Bellator seemed to do to promote the card was basically talk to some MMA media websites.  I trip over UFC advertisements watching random youtube videos.  I never see any Bellator ads.  I never see any ads for Bellator on Reddit.  The only damn place I see anything bellator related on a regular basis is on MMA news sites, and most of the time anything Bellator related will be drowned in a sea of UFC related news.  END COMMUNICATION
Why do people not like big John ? I think he is fine. Mauro makes me mute the TV
Please don't let the UFC buy it
More world domination if the UFC buys it
Endeavour needs to purchase Bellator, not WWE, imagine a merger with the ufc and having talent like Amosov, Horiguchi, Mousasi, Stotts and Eblen joining the UFC? would be awesome
Lol
I feel like you could buy it and put together a pretty dope TUF: UFC vs Bellator season.
They should sign more college wrestlers with no other skills
at this point please ufc buy that shit
But I thought paying such a high percentage to fighters was a great thing?
I said it before and I'll say it again: while I can't prove this with actual numbers, I swear that mama mia asshole is holding back Bellator and bringing down viewership. Getting rid of him would immediately improve Bellator by at least 25%.
Time for Endeavor to purchase
Either someone with deep pockets picks it up, fires Coker and hires a high level producer and a high level matchmaker, or it gets sold for peanuts and ends up as a lower tier promotion like legacy. There can be no middle ground.
PFL and Bellator merge under Disney.
Paramount's been looking to sell Bellator for years now.
Sucks that ONE apparently has finance issues, them buying Bellator out would be perfect. Would fill in some of their emptier MMA divisions + give them that foothold in the US they're looking for
A bellator PFL merge would be cool
Endeavor has some cash…
With the wwe and ufc merger they're definitely positioning themselves for a TV deal with the ufc. This way they can keep the wwe where it is.
Change the damn name
I'll take it
They need to do something with that promotion fast, its the least exciting mma organization right now for me. One fc, rizin, pfl, ksw... all have something interesting about them to spark some interest.
Fuck it I'll buy em
Who’s putting their Reddit name on the canvas this weekend? Think they would let me?
So what will it be     Bellator/AEW as answer to UFC/WWE?     One/Bellator fusion?     UFC running Coker out of business again?
Although being reported by WON, most would consider this a loss.
anyone in r/mma know how to start a go fund me?  Lets do this!
Coker has killed two promotions. Bjorn was better  There is nothing to sell? A tape library?  Their guys aren't worth buying. Just let them go out of business and you can buy them cheaper
Wonder if the Saudis buy this as they didn’t buy WWE
UFC is going to buy them just like strike force
Scott Coker has always had an amazing eye for talent but no clue what to do with it from a promotional side. He just copies what the big promotion of the day from ten years prior was doing.  Strikeforce was always ripping off Pride ideas and Bellator is always rehashing Spike era UFC. Guy always had great talent at both organizations but not a single original idea.
It was rumored by Helwani for a few months but now it’s true
UFC can't buy it, because they need to keep the illusion they aren't a monopoly.
AEW should purchase Bellator
Their commentators don't help.
Mama Mia!
It's Big John, the guy has zero charisma on the mic.
Their announcer is the fucking worst.
The major thing Bellator lacks is roster depth.  While their top fighters are very skilled and many of them would be fully capable of being competitive with the UFC’s top fighters in their respective weight class, there is a huge disparity in skill level across the board in all of their weight classes.   That’s why Bellator cards tend to have quite a bit of mismatches with their more prominent fighters.  Some divisions have got significantly better in recent years though.   Bantamweight is easily Bellator’s most competitive division right now, with Featherweight not too far behind.  Lightweight has gotten a lot better too with some recent talent signings.
Coker and their entire production team have to go. Like yesterday. Bellator has no value because of him.
Yeah, and it’s hard to point to exactly what it is because it’s so many different things.  Let’s start with the name. Terrible, have thought so since Bellator was created. They originally aired on ESPN Deportes and that sounds like the right place because If you didn’t know better you’d think Bellator was a Spanish word. Non-Latinos aren’t jumping to watch Combate Americas either because it doesn’t sound catered to them.  The colors/aesthetic are boring. WEC got a ton of attention for it’s look. The blue cage. Strikeforce’s gold coupled with red and blue gloves in the cage gave it its own identity. Bellator just looks meh and boring, all they’ve done is carry over the red and blue gloves from SF which isn’t original.  They’ve consistently had less than stellar commentators/desk analysts. They just look for former fighters/refs/commentators like Big John, Chael, Mauro Ranallo, etc. who may have been fine way back when they were more relevant but they’re all just average these days. Mauro’s novelty is played out. Guys like Ken-Flo and Randy do much better color commentary than anyone working at Bellator.  I could type for hours going through all of Bellator’s issues. I’m sure you all get where I’m coming from
They aren't good at booking fights.  Way too many fluff one sided fights.   Beyond that, as much as people say they like grand prix tournaments, it doesn't seem to move the needle at all for them ratings wise and most people lose interest in them by 12th month they're still happening.
100% - i found eagle fc more entertaining. PFL doesn’t have as many good fighters, but I’ll tune in to PFL over bellator 90% of the time.
Their cage is too big, which correlates with more boring decisions.
Bad commentators (especially Big John, but Mauro is also bad and sounds more fit for WWE or something), bad matchmaking, and even a cage (circle) that does not promote action as well as the other organizations.
Mauro's ridiculous commentary is what's off, but at the same time, I like hearing him out of morbid curiosity for what wild analogy he's going to make next
Coker has always had a great eye for talent and no clue what to do with it.
Bellator is a terrible name for a promotion that wants to go main stream. Something very B list and corny about it. Like it’s trying too hard while not taking itself seriously. They have to change the name.
I think the problem is between having a wrestling heavy roster and bad match making. To many fights with dominant wrestlers wet blanketing their opponents and their opponents not having the grappling skills to deal with it. Better matchmaking could help hide how one-dimensional most of their roster is.
I haven't watched for a while but the camera work wasn't very good during fights compare to angles and framing used by ufc
Ya fr. It always just looks B level to me. I cant explain why
Big John fucking shit up and that they have terrible luck with their high profile fights
Yeah the presentation of the show is not great. Way too long. I don’t want to see a bunch of extra bs, if a fight ends, play the video package and get on to the next one ffs
they also just have really bad luck with cards randomly, its a bummer. they'll have a decent card put together, then like 4-5 of the fights end because of weird fouls or dq's w/ no action. or there will be really weird reffing occurances. suddenly the card falls on its face and you are sitting there going 'the hell did i just watch for a few hours?'. i think the inconsistent outcome of their cards really makes watching them regularly a gamble. which is a lame, because like you said- they have a decent roster of fighters.
I hate the gloves and the colour grading in general
Everything about it makes it seem like a Walmart brand UFC.  I think the thing they're missing the most is good commentary. Their guys just seem boring to me.
100%  Bellator has always had names/talented martial artists who are more than capable of putting on exciting/competitive fights.   Unfortunately the production of the shows just isn’t up to snuff. It’s hardly above regional promotions in a lot of aspects somehow? Plus no fucking promotion.  The last bellator card was last week or so and I didn’t even know about it until I saw the results.  Me? A mma loser who tries to keep up with a lot of different promotions? How does that happen?
It's lacks the allure of UFC events.  Very similar situation to TNA vs WWE back in the day.
This is a rag sheet, brother
Patricio vs Volk Nemkov vs Jiri MVP vs Holland James Gallagher vs Nathaniel Wood AJ McKee vs Michael Chandler Usman vs Islam
MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT
That'll legit be so crazy if it becomes UFCWWE vs AEW Bellator
*Usman Nurmagomedov
Cyborg, MVP, Pettis too
Id love for another strike force type of merger with the ufc.
They have some good fighters but there’s no reason for UFC to buy that dumpster of a company just to get them. The only thing they could probably use is Chandler’s video library.
and save all the Peter Queally promotion money.
Ok but also promise to fire Big John  And have Coker move kinda laterally to being just a behind the scenes guy
This is the best idea here. Abc and espn with pfl and bellators roster would be a strong number 2 behind the ufc. Merge them with an event bellator vs pfl. Keep the pfl tournaments as a challengers tournament to get a contract. Grand prix as bigger events, so theres a less strict structure than the pfl seasons. get rid of the seasons and points. Keep the cross promotion with rizin too.
That would be pretty smart. This kind of backing is the only way a legitimate competitor to UFC could emerge.   This would be a tough decision for Disney to make though...like why would you take such a risk when you can just keep printing money through TV deals with UFC?
Would love to see Loughnane vs Pitbull
PFL operates under a set number of dates with the budget ESPN gives them. I don’t think adding a roster of 100+ that was doing 20+ events on its own is in the cards.
Micky Mouse can buy all of them up if they really wanted to. UFC and the rest.
Very good idea, they could also try to buy some minor promotions and make proper feeder leagues (LFA, Fury, etc)
Okay I could get behind this, especially if the new promotion is tournament-centric.  Maybe with a brand new name too?  If something like this came about and went all-in, I think I could get excited about MMA again.
We know for a fact roster mean nothing, UFC is proof. Just hype and promotion and production is all fans care about. Bellator roster is better than ever now, and more real young talent in all divisions and they never been less popular lol. Only time someone watched is when 50 year old Fedor would make the walk. They were too stubborn to change simple things and let Big John drag every fight. Circle cage also sucks, Strikeforce had octagon shape before UFC branded it; makes fights look better on TV. Bellator stubborness ran them to the ground, new Nelk Boy Fans don’t care about actual MMA talent unless UFC promotes it anyway, also real talent can make for boring fights. I could go on for hours of Bellator unwillingness to change small things. Bjorn Rebney was good,  Coker is a great guy but too nice and legit doesn’t care. Fans also to blame for not supporting when they been putting on mostly good cards with young talent pre pandemic but they just don’t care unless it’s in Da UFC. Like PFL for example has very little young talent and shows mostly suck to watch but being on ESPN saves it. I’d love to see ESPN take it over and let people actually watch without going through 15 apps or paying 20 bucks extra a month for Showtime.
I have no idea if they could afford to do it but that would be incredible and now that you’ve put that idea in my head, any other outcome is gonna be disappointing.
Rizin has a budget for a handful of major shows a year. Bellator was running 20+ dates and had over 100 people under contract.
It’s definitely worth 9 figures ($100,000.000)
The fact that Coker was allowed to run that company into the ground for like 15 years is wild to me.
This will be telling on their books and if they have been mismanaged because it would be awful for them to barely be worth more than Pride, when it sold for ($70 million) in 2007.   Bellator has had a nice spot as the 2nd promotion for a long time and is just getting smoked by PFL and ONE. Anything less than $500 million means whoever is in charge needs to be fired immediately because that is just god-awful. Understandable but awful.   They have some great fighters and are barely known outside of this sub.
Probably not tbh. It’s just a film library and contracts. What are you even buying if you buy Bellator?
Strikeforce sold for $40M, and Pride for $70M.  I really don't think anyone cares that much about Bellator's fight library, it's doubtful a buyer would inherit any type of TV deal since since Paramount is selling it, and although they have a decent amount of really good fighters, none of them are big draws.   I also highly doubt Bellator is super profitable, and is more likely losing money.   $100M is a lot to ask.
Bjorn Rebney coming back. Back when Bellator was good to watch with 100x less than actual talent. Gotta have an outspoken dickhead to run a promotion. Coker too nice; and pays too much for guys who don’t even fight hard for him and just want the win.
Lmao ONE operates on a loss. They ain’t buying shit
"Hello darkness my old friend" - Francis.
Tony Khan???
Having "some of the best fighters in the world" means jack shit..... ONE and the PFL have less talent than Bellator yet they know how to put on exciting shows worth watching. While Bellator doesn't. They are also not trying to be a UFC retirement home and they have worked hard to differentiate their product from the UFC. Anyone buying Bellator is going to have a hard time promoting them as anything but a shit version of the UFC.
Amazon already has a deal with ONE so I don't see them taking over
..just not the PAC 12.
Yeah Apple makes a ton of sense. Guys knocking each other out right next to Ted Lasso.
Disney should consider it. I think they did well when they were in professional sports “ownership”, and have missed opportunities at least with WWE and have a chance still to do live sports and sports entertainment
"welcome back everyone, we pay even less now!"
How about PFL buys them and then bolsters their roster to have a even better North American competitor?
Islam Makachev vs Usman Nurmagomedov Dawn of justice
I have mixed feelings about this, I think having a North American competitor is beneficial for the athletes but selfishly I'd love to see some UFC vs Bellator matchups.
Even if they had the money, after the parent group just purchased WWE, they might have reservations given the open antitrust lawsuit
I think the ufc would be cautious of the antitrust element of this transaction. The best case scenario for them is for Bellator to remain alive but stay at the same size so they can continue to point to them as competition.
Honestly it would make sense. Bellator has some good champions and prospects right now, like Amosov, Nemkov, Pitbull, the LW and BW tournament guys.
They should buy bellator and make it like the gleague
Why even bother? The strikeforce purchase and the pride purchases were incredible wastes of money. They bought film library’s and inherited contracts.
If it ends up being Endeavor buying Bellator that would make the most logical sense. The merger has them pushing forward for a more global approach in strengthening their control of the pro-wrestling/mma sphere. If they bring in Bellator’s top talent, increase production value by using their own setup, and offer fresh matchups amongst the elite then it’s a smart decision. I hope that it goes through considering Bellator has some decent fighters.
With UFC and WWE combined, they could do an invasion story line where Bellator fighters come in and disrupt the show by causing chaos. Jon Jones vs Stipe will be interrupted by multiple Bellator fighters, then Roman Reigns comes out to save the day all while we acknowledge our tribal chief. Cody Rhodes will come out to kiss Roman's boots after it's all done.
That will provably just play into the hands of the lawsuit that is going on if they did that.
Only way UFC buys them is if they get them for almost nothing like they did Strikeforce. Otherwise it’s not worth it.
Merging with Rizin would be interesting, but Rizin would need to improve their English commentary. Two dudes on Skype reacting to big hits 2 seconds after they land because of the delay... Oof
nah, it's just mad confusing. I try to keep up with dates and such on insta but it's hard. UFC makes it so streamlined.
You think Bellator takes market share?
The main reason they won't do that is because the UFC's branding is already leagues above theirs.   If they buy they'll do exactly how they did with Strikeforce. It's a win win for them that way.
PFL is a much smaller company. There’s no chance this happens.
A geeky loser who's a giant mark and spends Daddy's money?
It won’t, sports and entertainment companies always seem to get a pass when it comes to monopolistic behaviour.
If a politician got involved in the monopoly of mma they should be voted out.   I don’t like how little mma fighters get paid but breaking up mma monopolies would be ridiculous.  MMA fighters need to get smart and unionize.
In America Bellator will be leagues ahead the others but globally ONE is dominating a lot of other markets
PFL has more viewers and a stronger TV partner than Bellator currently
ONE is the only one with any chance at competing with UFC.  Bellator would need to be bought by deep pockets and heavily funded at a loss for several years for any real shot. Would take a person or company with a huge interest either in MMA or taking on Ari Gold and Dana White.  Let's hope Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, or Peter Thiel are MMA fans pissed at Dana for going after their illegal streams.
That is it 70k views ?
Not with the monopoly related allegations and lawsuit still looming. Btw a few years ago everyone on this site kept going on and on about how competition was good and now everyone is pushing for Endeavor to buy Bellator.
The difference is the ufc could pay it without making a real dent in profits. Bellator is ass
That's not why they are in the red lol.
Mauro personally I think he’s better for wrestling, it’s why I can’t stand the dude in onefc
Big John is the worst commentator I've ever listened to. It's like he sucks the energy and hype out of anything he's doing.
Jimmy Smith was solid, it's a shame they let him go.
Yea everytime I watch a Bellator I think that the commentary is the worst part of their broadcast. I like Mauro though he's a fuckn goof, but my god does big John bring the energy down, someone will get KOd and he sounds like he's commentating a tennis match. A Bellator Jon Anik could completely turn their product around
Or the complete lack of promoting any fight what so ever
Amanda is a snacc
Mauro is great tho
Good commentators are probably the single most underrated aspect of sports.
**MA MA MEEEA!**
Big John and Josh killed bellator and the stubborn never change production. They have more young talent in like all divisions too but all fights look stale cause won’t change simple shit. The old bellator in a blank cage on MTV 2 with Bjorn was great
the commentators are so WWE'ish
They both suck
Getting rid of Jimmy Smith was one of Bellators worst decisions. It was also a mistake on the UFC's part, but the UFC has a wealth of former fighters they can use for commentary, so I get it.  Bellator is just like a nastalgia league, both for fighters and commentators. They have some solid homegrown talent and young up and comers for sure, but they get overshadowed by ex-Pride and ex-UFC fighters.  That crossover they did with Rizin was fucking sweet though.
I dislike their version of The Buff. Guy talks like he's underwater.
Sean Grande/Jimmy Smith 4 life.
That guy sucks so bad
I literally just got back from watching the new Mario bros movie and this made me think you were talking about that and not Mauro lol
I legit think Big John's commentary is one of the main reasons the Bellator product sucks.
Wasn't Mauro commenting in their last show ? He's great imo
their WW and HW divisions are actually deep now..
I don’t think so, I don’t think the issue is roster depth but that it seems they intentionally try to book fights and fighters that will go to a decision lol
This. As a whole, their roster is actually very bad. But some of their top performers are solid and could make interesting fights. You can just tell that at least the bottom half of any card is just people that have really only fought regionals or regional-caliber talent before.
I wouldn't blame Coker so quickly.  We don't know what he's working off of in the back end.  He built Strikeforce into a power house.  Paramount might have him on a short leash funding wise.
>all they’ve done is carry over the red and blue gloves from SF which isn’t original  Which reminds me...  You can have one fighter in black trunks, the other in white, and the bottom of the screen will only display the glove color under their name. It's a very minor thing, but it makes a difference in the overall presentation IMO.
For me the lighting has been the most annoying and easily correctable issue with the productions. I shouldn't have the entire front row sections as well lit and prominent as the actual cage when I'm watching a fight on TV. After that the broadcast team needs to be launched into the sun of course. Maybe change up the walkouts as well. The wrestling style entrance can and does work for promotions but it just doesn't for them.   I actually like the name personally but if it's not well received then a sale and rebrand could be amazing. They've built an incredible roster. With the dilution of the UFC I find myself watching they're better events more often than fight nights.
Because their tournaments drag out for two years and people forget there even was a tournament. One quarter final match is in february, another is in april... finale is in june another year. Wtf kinda tournament is that.
>They aren't good at booking fights. Way too many fluff one sided fights.   This. It amazes me how many -1600+ favorites they'll have on any given card.
Eagle FC hasn’t run an event in a year….
This I didn't know....that's a solid comment.
How big is theirs?
Not just the size, it's also the shape. Their cage is circular, and that makes it easier to strafe around without engaging.
There’s a construction company near me that's named Bellator. Much more fitting for construction than a mass market entertainment product imo
How the hell did Gallagher get a spot on this dream card of yours lmao
And then there comes NJPW/The One to make it a triple threat match.
It’s the most confusing part of this entire sport right now.
Then again UFC doesn't really have much to benefit from getting the whole roster, they could just sign the best talent if they wanted to. They don't need the decent guys that still expect big paydays, that's not the business UFC is in anymore. They got the contender series to fill their cards with cheap bodies these days.
It’d be awesome, but, the UFC has a lawsuit on their hands at the moment. Currently, Bellator is worth more as a “competitor” right now. I’d love to see those fighters competing with the UFC guys though!
I’ll do you one better, Coker vs Big John in an ‘I Quit’ match, that’ll put Endeavour to shame
As much as people wanna shit on Coker, he's literally the second most successful promoter in mma history at this point.
Sounds like a plan as long as they keep elbows
This is such a good idea that'll never happen
And I'm sure Disney would be able to market a million times better than Paramount. It's like they dont even care that they own bellator
Disney **REALLY** likes owning things.
I think there is a strong case to be made that UFC benefits more from the deal than espn does. If belltor and pfl merged and espn made that league the sole mma league they or abc would broadcast, i think people would be surprised how close a PFLator (lol) fight night on espn views are to ufc.
Sign me uppppp
That’s a great fight. I think pitbull wins but loughnane does enough to make it exciting
Haha I don’t have any sources so don’t get your hopes too high, but [they’re doing a lot better than western MMA fans realize.](https://twitter.com/heynottheface/status/1609278451713810432?s=20)
[RIZIN might also be the number 2 promotion behind UFC due to their ridiculous gates and successful move to $50 ppv in Japan](https://twitter.com/heynottheface/status/1609278451713810432?s=20)  Their NYE event did 23,000 live gate w/ the cheapest tickets being $114
Lol
Like I never understood all the love Coker seems to get sometimes.   Is it just people giving him the benefit of the doubt due to the success Strikeforce had? Or is it just the general anti-Dana sentiment on here?  Clearly the Bellator roster has improved, but have the overall production, entertainment value, or market position functionally improved for the better since he took over?
He's the 2nd most successful mma promoter in history.
If I remember correctly Dana was always complimentary of Coker, which is a huge red flag, cause Dana hates people who stand up to him or UFC.
Strikeforce 2.0
Basically it's just the tapes, and then there are probably like 2 dozen fighters you would wanna keep.
ONE wants to grow at all costs, so operating at loss is par for the course. Buying Bellator would certainly help that growth.
Every mma promotion in the entire world except the UFC operates on a loss.
If they're operating as a startup, taking a loss initially is to be expected. If buying Bellator for cheap could help them build their market, then it wouldn't be unreasonable.
Operating at a loss is normal for a growing company. Id doesn’t mean that they don’t have the means to buy it.
Austin Vanderford on Dynamite manifested this
Bellator has the most marketable fighters outside of the UFC and with promotion and more of an identity (maybe not called Bellator), there’s popularity to be gained
Idk, they could just buy it and merge it and have a bunch of cross over fights
Did you miss the part where Amazon broadcasts ONE or Showtime with Bellator lol? Would be the same thing
We bought the company and it is coming out of *your* salaries!
And we’ll be taking your sponsors away
Some professor farnsworth shit
Fights are more entertaining when they broke and fighting for job anyway. Coker let guys just stick around when had boring fights like Lima and cut Rory too late and list goes on. This is a sports entertainment thing, if you have boring fights nobody will watch or care well unless you’re in UFC hype show lol. Dana his whole career only cared about excitement and that’s why made bonuses. Coker just paid them upfront big money, gotta keep ‘em somewhat hungry. I’m done caring about fighters after preaching for them for 15 years, I care about actually being able to watch the dam fights as a fan and bellator and UFC fleecing us to watch while other countries watch for free and peaceful on TV. We need apps and PPVs and extra money channels on top of cable to watch, I even tried to watch Bellator CBS card on showtime app and wouldn’t let me and paramount app was weird. It’s time to start caring about us the people who built the sport.
Intriguing but I doubt they have that type of cash on hand
PFL has a limited roster and dates they get from their TV partner. They can’t just add a roster of 100+.
Civil War: Dagestan
MVP vs Holland tho 🤯
I wonder if they fall under the same protections as major league sports that allow for monopolies
Yeah, they’ve spent years trying get that class action dismissed. Buying a competitor is not a good look
They basically already own other regional promotions that are the UFCs version of the G league.   Bellator is more like the Euroleauge if we’re using an NBA comparison
I don’t think Strikeforce was when you look at the fighters they brought over, they essentially stopped any other existing or new promotion from ever being competitive in terms of talent depth or name recognition. Their heavyweight division was at least on par with the UFC’s at the time. The addition of their middleweights added so much depth to the UFC’s.
Pride was just an ego trip to buy their own competition and act like it didn't matter. They obviously could have gotten more value from it if they didnt have to pretend it never existed.
That did literally happen in TNA.
Thankfully Mauro has experience doing commentary for Japanese companies
Totally, Like you can bet almost any sat there's something to watch but for bellator they have like weird ones at 12am on a tuesday and shit
Money spent on anything Bellator related = market share.   It may not be much, but they have some. I guarantee there are folks out there that are religious Bellator fans..maybe they don't watch UFC out of spite, or who knows.   But really, the best thing for this sport is for all the best talent to be in one spot and unionize like the big leagues.
That’s not true.  If they find funding they can absolutely do it. Although unlikely.
I would take someone whose worst character trait is “corny” than someone who beats his wife and repeatedly acts to that standard. You do you though.
That would actually be to the benefit of MMA fighters who are grossly underpaid.   Generations of pro wrestlers have already figured how to milk a money mark for all they are worth.  It’s time MMA fighters get to take part in that as well.
weird take
I don't think we've broken up a monopoly in the US since the early 80s.
It really depends on the card so a bit of hyperbole on my part but they've had sub 100k shows all the time  The CBS show did pretty well but the base of people able to watch is much broader
competition is a good thing, but for selfish reasons I want to see this happen
Competition is a good thing, who knows how much longer paramount is going to burn money to keep it around if a sale doesn't materialize?
ONE got rid of him recently. He really was the worst.
Big John always sounds like he's reading a Wikipedia page word for word when he speaks.
But did you know he made the rules and shit so he knows the sport better than anyone else and his opinions are absolute.
Josh Thompson to me is even worse than Big John. For someone whose job it is to speak, he’s really really bad at it.
Every time someone says it I have to mention how counter intuitive it is!  You’d think he’d be an amazing commentator given his experience in the cage and how long he’s been part of the sport. Well, apparently not! He really is terrible. Awful awful awful.  My most recent favourite is him saying “Benson’s gonna be just fine” as he starts tapping to the choke Nurmagomedov had on him lmao.
I agree, and I  also feel this way about Domenic Cruz. They both lessen the excitement of a fight.
Honestly both commentators are awful. The other guy is the complete opposite imo, might be charismatic but I can't fucking stand him. Its like he starts talking and interrupting before he's thought of what he's gonna say.
I’d rather not hear him speak
Listen to the finish of Henderson vs chandler2…it was awful
How did the UFC and Bellator simultaneously let one of the best commentators go? Him and Brian Stann are my favorite.
It sucks because after the UFC, Jimmy was trying to get some things going but couldn't find anything and almost switched careers; but I think he has his own show on SiriusXM now so good for him
True he was great, but when he left he burned that bridge
It was honestly better when they had Mike Goldberg
At least Mauro is passionate, shows emotions. He's not perfect, but he's at least trying to get me excited for the product. Big John on the other hand is numb to mma, he has reffed so many fight that he can't show any excitement for it anymore.  Big John should be in an expert role you bring in to consult regarding a rule, consult if there's a foul etc. Just bring him on for the facts for a quick moment. That's the role he'd be good for. But he shouldn't be a main commentator.
He's annoying and doesn't understand the sport well.
Mauro is a fucking legend
My friend actually fought for Bellator for a one fight deal. He won by first to round submission and they didn't offer anything else after.   They wanted him because he was somewhat local and he would sell some tickets
How many times have Bellator events popped up that absolutely nobody had any idea was happening?  I can't count how many Friday nights pop up and I find out from this sub that Bellator is having an event when the first result goes up.  There is 0 promotion, and that production crew is so fucking bad it's insane. It's like Coker doesn't watch the product at all.
How can you say Bellator is a "home for UFC washouts" and then mention PFL which is an even bigger destination for washed UFC fighters
I wouldn't agree completely that they aren't building new talent, they have a few good fighters that has been brought up fighting in Bellator. But it's the promotion, or rather lack thereof, that is the major problem.
Strikeforce succeeded purely because of their roster. They had success despite their production quality and promotion. They wouldn’t have been in a position to have been bought out if they were really a powerhouse. Coker is a dogshit promoter. That’s just a fact.
The seasons were better under Bjorn.
Bellator cages are 36ft, and ufc cages are 30ft. It seems like a small difference, but it truly does have an effect on how fights play out.
Definitely. They need to choose a shape that has walls. Hell, make it a pentagon.
It gets the people going
I want to see the reanimated corpses of ECW and PRIDE stitched together and running interference
ONE was actually briefly aligned to AEW when it was on TNT, they had Kenny Omega doing promos for it and stuff.
TNA/NWA merging soon
You’re totally right saying they don’t have much to benefit from, but it’d be really cool
you think the UFC could potentially buy bellator, and expand every divisions rankings from top 15, to top 25, making them more stacked?
Loser quits, winner also quits?
I feel like most people shitting on Coker are just repeating what's being said on this sub. Most people shitting on Bellator never watch it either
I agree bro. The quality of Fight Nights has been rough lately.
PFLator!!!!
Ok. They still have only four shows planned for the first half of the entire year and their roster is mostly domestic fighters. Why are they going to buy an MMA promotion with 100+ international fighters in it? What are they going to do with them?  Also, being “the second largest” mma promotion in a monopolized industry doesn’t mean much. Especially if it’s from a promotion that can barely run shows. It’s like being the worlds tallest jockey.
Yes to most, no to production. Bellator is the clear number 2 promotion in North America, they have very solid roster, they put on fun fights but the commentary sucks and the production makes it look rather cheap. The problem is that they're never given any real money to actually make a profit and the one time they were with the DAZN deal, they actually made like ten million bucks.   So they're pretty much stuck because they're good enough to gain some decent viewership amongst the key demos but not good enough to invest a lot of money in.  Say what you want about ONE, but their silicon valley idea of "grow, grow, grow and think about profit later" has actually made them seem like THE other global promotion which gotten them more and more investor money.
I think it's largely anti-Dana sentiment. When one party is as shitty as Dana, everyone else looks like a saint.
He's a likeable guy with more experience in putting on fights than almost anyone else on the planet. Very few fighters or colleagues have anything bad to say about him, which is incredibly rare in his field.
He seems like a good dude. All the fighters seem to have good words about him and doing business with him. But he clearly isn't in the same stratosphere in terms of running a company as Dana.
In hindsight it seems like a lot of Strikeforce’s success was from Showtime.
Agree to disagree. I think Chatri is already more successful and PFL will end up being so too.
He knew that keeping Coker at Bellator meant they would never have competition lol.
That’s an insult to StrikeForce. They were leaps and bounds better than Bellator has ever been.
Crazy right? For all the insane overhead and costs it takes to run a fight promotion, at the end of the day, a promotion company really has no assets and nothing tangible on their balance sheet outside cash.
Yup, a merger of ONE and Bellator could become the clear #2 contender in the MMA space, right now it's up in the air who's actually the #2 promotion. It used to be Bellator, but I'm not sure they're anymore.
How does running at a loss even work? You’d think it would be impossible but ONE is one of the biggest MMA organisations on earth and doesn’t seem to be slowing down
I would be here for it, that shit could rival the ufc
If they merged ONE's roster with Bellator, they'd have a pretty solid lineup. If they really are serious and want to invest some money into the product, they probably could make something happen.
They dont have 37.99?
They restructured this year to include a Euro league plus a ppv division. Right now they are only doing 2 ppv events a year. If they had more fighters they could put on more ppv events.
Just rewatch wonderboy vs holland
I am not an expert so take what I say with a grain of salt. But I remember reading way back in the day that NBA, NFL etc receive anti-trust exemptions and in return players are able to form unions
Just to add it also coincided with an expansion of the number of cards the UFC ran as result of the Fox deal so it was a necessary purchase.
The argument would be that most of those fighters would have ended up in the ufc anyway.  Strikeforce was bleeding money. Investors are not gonna want keep putting money in it. So what happens? They declare bankruptcy or stops operation. So what happens next, the ufc signs all those fighters.
Did I mention Dana White? I mentioned how big of a geek Tiny Khan is😂
I just remember his call for that one dude on the circuit manus
You are thinking of Michael Schiavello. He might not be for everyone, but I always liked his calls. Bellator could benefit from someone like him who brings lots of energy. While I like Mauro and Big John, Big John just doesn't do it for most people. Very boring and low energy.
John: “Please don’t scroll past this. This Friday, for the 1st time recently, we interrupt your reading to humbly ask you to support Wik…”  Mauro: “A little further down, John.”
He’s not?
One thing that really sets him apart is his External Links
Fucking hell this bothers me so much.  Almost as though a sport might have evolved somewhat in the 30 years since he wrote the rules.  What was the fight recently where someone had a submission locked in, and big John goes "nah he's doing just fine!" And as soon as those worst crossed his lips the guy taps.   Absolutely perfect timing. Could not make that shit up.
Yea including the 12-6 elbow. He must be a fight genius.
They both suck donkey balls
I quite like Dom in commentary as he's extremely knowledgeable. He balances well with a good color commentator.  Big John is surprisingly unknowledgeable about things at times and it doesn't matter who he's matched up with, he sucks the energy down
No way you’re comparing Cruz to Big John.  Dislike the guy for whatever reasons you like but you can’t say he doesn’t do his homework and give decent commentary about the action and what’s going on. I find he’s more focused on talking about the fights than DC or Bisping who end up rambling on these days.
Doms good if he’s paired with Bisping or joe. Someone who can take the edge off and make him loosen up. By himself he’s pretty dull.
Na Dom's snide comments and ripping Bisping is fun  Big John has no redeeming features
Yeah I think Dom has good insights and technical knowledge to pass on but he’s very dry. The events where they pair him with Paul Felder who has a similar style and energy level are really hard to get through.   I do like him though when he’s paired with Bisping or DC. They have more energy and it’s enough to counter Cruz’s low energy.
Stann left on his own accord. He wanted to move on and I think he was pretty unhappy with what the UFC was doing during the TRT era- specifically his fight vs Wand.   Damn shame though- Stann was the best color-commentator they had and Jimmy Smith was their 2nd best imo.
I agree, give him the Din Thomas treatment and I'm cool with that. Hopefully whoever ends up buying will bring in new spicy announcers and make that kind of change.
its not 2001. The over the top wrestling-esque commentary is so tired to me.
Kinda sad, he can't possibly be worse than many others I've seen on there. Hope he gets another chance! (there or elsewhere)
I've said this before and I'll say it again. I have no idea how anyone can follow mma media or company media on social media, visit their sites, or listen to MK and MMA Hour or similar podcasts and not know when events are.  It's literally the same places and people we get UFC news from. I watch ONE the least out of all the companies. It's impossible to miss their event info and it's not like I'm actively trying to avoid it. I'm just using the same sites and media that everyone else does to get mma news.   People have to zone out at the mention of Bellator. There's just no other way. The way people act, Bellator never gets mentioned anywhere and they don't post on their social media until the day of events.
They also take long breaks sometimes in between cards and then when they return it's two unranked heavyweights. It's just horrible booking and horrible promotion.
And for some events the ufc uses a 25ft octagon.
ECW and Pride collab would have been wild as balls.
Y'all are sleeping on CYN / BKFC
I'd love to seem a few of the top fighters in UFC, I really would. Heck, even fighters like Corey Anderson and Phil Davis are very skilled and would probably be ranked in the top 15 in the UFC... But they aren't draws so I doubt UFC are very eager to buy Bellator just to get them back.  Gegard Mousasi probably had an argument that he would have been next for the title fight in the UFC back in 2017 before signing with Bellator, and he's still a good fighter, but he has definitely lost a step since then. Top 15 in the UFC still to this day?  Michael Page vs. Wonderboy would be a fun fight, there's probably a few matchups like that against strikers that could be entertaining.  There's definitely some value in Bellator and there's definitely skilled fighters that could add to the UFC (and not only in the hottest fighters) but I don't see it happening.
Loser quits, winner fights Linton Vassell
I wonder if DAZN couldn't outright buy them for less than what their previous broadcasting deal was worth.
anti-Dana sentiment, plus a very loud, very online "hipster" component of the MMA fanbase that mythologizes old promotions like Strikeforce, EliteXC et al.
There also seems to be some sentiment among fighters that he's solid, so that probably has some impact as well.
I think this is the answer: Coker is actually a reasonably decent person with a long track record, enormous respect for fighters and the sport. The top of Bellator's roster is good, too. The depth notsomuch.   Tldr: Being a good man doesn't mean he's a good promoter in 2023, but it does make him easy to root for.
Was Strikeforce financially successful? Or did the UFC just buy it to kill competition and further their monopoly on fighter talent?
And I agree with that... Starting with the name "Bellator", for example. However, Coker still drove them until they were bought out and when he took over Bellator, basically turned them into the image of the former promotion. Gloves, freak Show fights, and big names they could scrape up. Now Bellator is sinking. They have excellent talent but I dont know anyone who enjoys the shows.
ONE is like all those early stage companies, take money from investors and VC funds to push for rapid growth while operating at a loss in the hope that they can expand to become big enough to be profitable in the future.
Well first off someone needs to keep forking the money over to pay the bills. Investor funding becomes crucial for a company with negative cash flows. One and PFL/WSOF are just burning investor funds and finding new suckers to invest until their pipe dream of becoming profitable or even just neutral on cash flow is a reality.   Second, some of these organizations operate as loss leaders. Loss leaders are part of an overall portfolio that lose money in a vacuum, but in your overall portfolio drive revenue towards other businesses. Bellator is an example of this, the company loses money but makes sense within Viacom’s overall portfolio (for now) to drive viewers towards their networks, drive ad revenue, have a live sporting option, etc.
Only bout Tree fiddy
All those international shows are low paid regional fighters. It isn’t for anyone on PFLs main roster. It’s a different business model. And their ppv events are for their season finales.
You rate mvp that highly?
I think it was the last Benson Henderson fight actually
Even Drew Brees, one of the greatest QB's of all time couldn't hack it as an commentator.  I think he got let go after just 1 year.  Anyways yeah, being a commentator is a special skill set that goes beyond experience and knowledge of the spot.
Exactly these butt buddies fucking suck
Dom has gotten a lot less standoff-ish in the last year or so I've noticed
Yeah I think people misunderstand there are different roles in a commentary team. Dom is the technical expert guy, he provides analysis of things happening in more techical grapple and wrestling exchanges and what a fighter should do to escape etc. Anik is the play by play, narrating the fight. Joe/DC are the hype guys, the ones that make you excited and ha e over the top reactions.  Big John doesn't do any of those roles well lol.
Prefer Dom 1000x over Cormier; Annik, Dom and Rogan is my favy cause they balance each other out.
I'm not really saying they're exactly the same, just that they do the same thing to fights for me, which is make them less enjoyable.
dominick is my favorite commentator. he is the only one doing any research and talking x's and o's. rest of the mouth breathers just scream like a drunk chick.
But what you are describing is the problem with Bellators' promotional ability.   The only people who regularly know when Bellator holds events are the hardcore of hardcore fans who follow the specific social media accounts and listen to the like of MK, Heavy Hands, or MMA Hour. As a fan of MMA, you shouldn't have to listen to podcasts or the right social media account to know the event is going on.  People on this sub are fans, and so many of them don't know when Bellator holds events, and that is bad, real bad. These are the people who are already invested in the sport.   If people who come here don't know when Nellator is holding an event, what do casual fans know? And don't kid yourself casuals are where the money is. The hard-core fan base will watch no matter what. Casuals bring the cash and company growth. Bellator has always struggled with this, and it's not good.
[removed]
PFL and ONE between Prime event take longer breaks between the events and Daniel James and Golm are both ranked...
Fight Night
Edgelord Fighting Championship would be the name if their new entity.
In all reality ONEFC would benefit by far the most from a merger, although idk if they can afford it.  Their shows are incredible and they have good talent but adding bellator would really fast track their expansion into the US
DAZN struggling a lot now.
People mythologizes elite xc?
Well he was a kickboxer a long time ago, so it goes further than any other promoter because none of them have fought.
No I think that wonderboy vs holland is way better than mvp vs holland would be, but presents a similar stylistic matchup.  It’s better than the best case scenario for mvp vs holland, so instead of doing that, just watch wonderboy vs holland
Does that make Tony Romo Joe Rogan? People liked him at first because he knew what he was talking about but now want him to go away.
Are you a full on rapist?
It's a good thing they don't listen to you because they can inject the Rogan, Cormier combination directly into my veins. Their excitement makes it so much more fun to watch.
Dom over Cormier? Absolutely not.
DC is the jovial big brother figure the commentator booth needs and he knows his fighting. No-ones perfect though.
That’s fair to each their own as they say. I hope one day we can have control over who we listen to. They are all individually mic’ed I don’t see why we can’t select which stream we’d like.
I feel the same. I was surprised to see how much hate he gets on this sub.  I think a lot of peoples views got coloured by his comments about Keith Peterson and that he can be argumentative and stuff.  Aside from personality, like you said, he actually does research and really does offer insightful commentary on what’s going on and where things can possibly go in the fight. I value that stuff over him taking a loss a bit badly or getting in some silly argument with Bisping.
[removed]
Apex
If ONE is really serious about trying to grow and expand, if they could buy Bellator for cheap it would probably be a really good fit. It would definitely solidify the ONE-Bellator as the #2 MMA promotion.  If they're serious about trying to grow to rival UFC, that could be one step in the right direction. Would give them a foothold in Europe as well, Bellator has had a solid presence in Ireland/UK and has started holding some events in France. In the past they had some in Italy, but I don't think they've done that much recently (one event in 2022).
ONE notoriously loses copious amounts of money annually, I doubt they’re in a position to merge with Bellator but I’d be happily surprised to see that.   Any of ONE, PFL, Rizin, or even KSW merging with Bellator would instantly create a number one competitor to the ufc, which would be incredible
I would have agree if he said Pride and StrikeForce, but I'm not sure there's that many that talk about EliteXC these days.
He’s making shit up
Don't forget how Dana White was a *boxercise instructor*.
I love Romo as a commentator, I still think he's great!  Hate the Cowboys though haha.  Me personally, I would say Joe Buck is the Joe Rogan of football commentating.
They want him gone cus he is just overly fanboyish with certain guys. Like calling Josh Allen "The Alien" and all his love for mahomes. Its just so damn annoying to listen to sometimes.
Nooo... I help people
Yeah, Africans, dyslexics, children, that sorta thing.
Ain’t nothing wrong with that brother!
My favs are Rogan Dom and maybe Cormier.  The rest of them can fuck off especially Michael
Literally my least favourite combo ever, I straight up turn the sound off if it’s gonna be a goofy Uncle BBQ all day.
I remember  when Jon Anik was first hired, I was such a hater, but not for any good reason.  Now, I love that guy.
[removed]
While you're definitely right, ive very quickly glanced into their finances a few different times, from what I remember they seem to have some mystery investor or something.  So I was looking at it as more of "if that mystery money was interested" type of deal if you know what I mean.
I liked affliction.
Yeah I meant to cast a wide net. Pride, WEC, Affliction all count
Loved the EliteXC shitshow but no one ever brings up the IFL!   That shit was weird as hell and it’s like it never happened! The company was fucking publicly traded.
Bisping rules
Agreed, I can't stand Michael. I like him as a personality, I like him as a fighter, but I just don't like his sound or style of commentary.
Bisping would be good if he wasn't so insecure and didn't feel the need to be an irritable and defensive a-hole so often.
[removed]
Fedor vs arlovski was pretty dope
Kimbo getting finished by Seth Petruzelli and everyone losing their minds.  Good times.
Only time I don't like Bisping is when he's paired with DC, the pair seem to go off the rails a lot.
[removed]
Diaz, Lawler, Ninja, Bigfoot, Eddie, Daley, Cyborg, Gina, KJ, Shields, etc… EliteXC was a wonderful mess.
You have to take a course with the commission and you’ll probably start reffing low paid ammy events
No but I did have sex with Adalaide Byrd. Ama
>Anyone ever become a referee or judge for combat sports?  Yes! It might surprise you but every single judge or referee has.    They are never automatically born as one. They need to become a judge or referee.
Oh yeah I know, I actually emailed AMC Pankration because on the list of people who are qualified to sign off on new referees, which is only like 3 people in the state I saw 'Matt Hume' and was like oh holy shit, yeah I'm going there for sure, who better to learn from?  Also yeah I don't care about the pay, I asked towards the end of the conversation with the lady from the state and she said it's enough to cover expenses but it's not much. Honestly I just want to help protect athletes and help Washington State combat sports
Pay is often around 100 an event.  Recently gotten into judging, 5 or so mma and kb events in WA state.  Definitely not doing it for pay.  It’s definitely different watching fights so acutely and not being able to miss moments or hold biases.
You seem to be doing it wrong then as the judges are the highest level don't watch too closely and go for toilet breaks during rounds so they don't miss the downtime in between fights.
I wanted a list of fighters who train in or come from south Florida.  This word salad is useless.  Dagestan of North America, dafuq?
Breaking news … most populated states have some of the best fighters .
Born and raised in NYC myself and it is nowhere near So Cal, Denver, Arizona, South Florida, or any of the other top spots for MMA. It is not even in the top 5 despite the fact that it has such a massive population and obsession with trying to appear tough. The only people who think NY is in the same league as CA or FL are overcompensating Long Island kids hiding out in suburbia.   The days of Mike Tyson's NYC are long gone. All of the tough and gritty NYers are either in the hood or they moved away from the city. Modern day NYC is hipster feeding their pet guinea pigs out in public as they lecture you on what pronoun you should use.
Johnny Eblen would beat either main event fighter tonight
It's not underrated at all, it's one of the main concentrated place to go as a pro, especially ATT and Sanford/Kill Cliff.
You also don’t have awful winters, which makes it easier to train year round as opposed to the Midwest. And zero state income tax makes it easier on tax season, too.
Jorge Masvidal  Gilbert Burns  Colby Covington  Dustin Poirier  Bo Nickal  Yoel Romero  Thiago Santos  Sergei Pavlovich  Rozenstruik  JDS  Andrei Arlovski  Have a look yourself:  https://americantopteam.com/pro-fighters/
Dallas? DC Metro area? Chicago? Pretty obvious it's not population alone. Smooth brain analysis level. Caveman go ugh ugh
lol you’re out of your mind. GSP came to renzos in nyc to train for almost all his fights. We have produced Matt Serra, Chris weidman, merab, Aljamain sterling, Chris wade, Al iaquinta.   NY has produced multiple bjj black belt world medalists and multiple Adcc medalists in submission grappling  NY is constantly producing high level combat sports athletes you dork
Yea place is way too expensive to be hospitable for breeding MMA fighters. Like Boston too, used to have tons of fighters coming from the metro area but these days the gyms barely can afford to keep the lights on and pay property taxes  Places that want to stuff out-of-towners into luxury condos aren't fertile grounds for training up and comers
Izzy has shown enough TDD that I wouldn’t count him out, even if it wasn’t against wrestlers the caliber of Eblen. I think he’d murder pereira tho
Outside of Burns and Poirier, really not that impressive of a list at all.
It’s the third most populated state . You are English …. Your teeth and mouth look more like a  caveman .
Dunno who downvoted this but there's a reason most MMA gyms aren't located within major city limits. Belal's gym in Chicago, its literally across the street from where the burbs start, out in the boonies, past the airport.
The guy above omitted plenty of guys, their LW roster is especially stacked. In addition to Poirier they have Gamrot, Tsarukyan, Ismagulov, Moicano, Dawson, Moises, Shabliy.
While some on that list is pretty good, the website is better I’d say 9 champions coming out of that area is pretty good
I'm not sure people realize that alot of top gyms in MMA are located in strip malls. Why would redditors know better though
this is the first attempt, time to shave, take another dump, sweat, and pray for a towel to hold on.
"You guys are going to ignore me at the press conference? Fine, I'm not going to make weight then."
Mexican food is too good. Its always my people struggling to make weight.
Man is supposed to stop a hype train and he’s already losing
And everyone else has made weight
[Rodriguez will use his allotted hour to try and cut the last 1.5 pounds.](https://twitter.com/marcraimondi/status/1644352228969332737?s=21&t=ChABRir8kiSWIAFQ67FM1w)
Insert 'Bad Friday for Christian' joke here.
This guy has tried to make 135 three times in the UFC and missed twice. He's talented, but that's a quick way to get cut  Edit: Since people wanna give a shit about technicalities.  HE TECHNICALLY MISSED WEIGHT 2 OF 3 TIMES UNDER DANA WHITE PROMOTED FIGHTS.  Because Dana is going to ignore a fighting missing weight on Contender Series since it is technically not in the UFC yet. In no way will Dana white hold a grudge against someone for something like yhat.... I've never seen Dana hold a grudge against a fighter in my life.
That's not bad. Fight should still be on
Islam Rodriguez would never...
C rod is talented but i think he should consider moving up in weight
swig of fight milk will do the trick
How Vettori makes weight is beyond me
I lost more than a hundred pounds and thought it would be a good idea to marry a Mexican. all that hard work...
Yeah we eat good lmao but there’s Mexican food that is healthy
More like man is supposed to be a bump that the hype train runs over to keep going  They aren't putting Raul in with anyone that has a legit shot to derail him yet
??? he’s only missed weight once in the ufc where are you getting that from
RRJ might beat him so bad he knocks him into the next weight class.
Because meat isn't back on the menu for orcs
Mexico has a way higher obesity than Italy italian food is def healthier
That's 2/5ths of a Nate Diaz  Seriously though I had carnitas once and I couldn't believe how good it was. They must be sprinkling crack on that shit.
I think Christian has a real chance. His only loss is to a dude a weight division higher than him. And if rosas can’t take him down it might end up ugly for him. Although the weight miss is never a good sign to be fair.
He missed on Contender Series
But the pasta 🤌🤌🤌
It has to do with the overconsumption of soda
man she makes flautas entirely from scratch. we top them with refried beans, table cream and crumble queso fresco. i never stood a chance.
Christian has been taken down 8 times in the UFC. Rosas is definitely taking him down.
oh, you said ufc so i was only thinking his fights in the ufc my bad
My sister spent two months in Sardegna; she told me that pasta is a daily staple for Italians, and yet, they’re not overweight/obese. They definitely have the good (healthy) shit.
But the breakfast.
And the high fats and carbs.
Bro seriously. I think it comes from water not being safe to drink.
You went from Luke Rockhold to Tank Abbott after marriage. And it was delicious the whole way through.
Yeah, but Jonathan Pearce is a huge featherweight. I assume most of those were from him. He should take down Christian lol. I do favor Rosas, just think it’s closer than people think.
Yeah the Contender Series is under the UFC banner...
Olive oil and portion control is the best base for cutting weight it seems
Grew up eating nothing but traditional Italian (I’m a 3rd gen Italian-American, both grandparents came straight from the mainland and Sicily) and no one in my family was fat since my grandma was only making homemade pasta and homemade sauce and all traditionally made Italian dishes. We had pasta AT LEAST four times a week, not one single obese person in our family.   So lucky she passed on the recipes, I eat pasta pretty much daily now - all homemade and traditional, wife and I are both extremely healthy weights
Aren’t you fighting for a UFC contract to fight in the UFC?  Kinda implies you’re not there yet.
that’s an entirely different thing though, a fight in the contender series isn’t a fight in the UFC
On the other hand, my wife is Mexican as fuuuuck and most of her family is overweight because lemme tell you sunthin, those mf can EAT some complex carbohydrates
What other shows or promotions can you fight on ESPN+/UFC Fight pass, in front of Dana/Sean Shelby/Mick Maynard, be commentated by Fitzgerald, interviewed by Sanko and the rest of UFC production, etc?  It's almost like they have the promotion and production crew behind them.   It's almost like all the exact same people are involved in both.   It's almost like you want to argue over semantics and the most minute details.   Should I have said "this guy missed weight 2 of 3 times under Dana White promoted fights"? If you wanna be technically correct, I guess so. But either way that is gonna put you on Dana's shit list to get cut.  But it's almost like I'm not a journalist who needs to be technically correct on that level. I'm a fan commenting on Reddit.  It's almost like Contender Series is an extension of the UFC product and how I see the start of those fighter's "UFC careers". Cause I can guarantee when Joe Pyfer walks out the UFC is going to be promoting the hell out of Contender Series and the fact he fought on Contender Series.   So it's almost like I don't even care if they are technically the same thing, because they are effectively the same thing.
Yeah cause Dana doesn't promote both of those and isn't going to remember the same fighter missing weight in fights he has promoted.
UFC is a tier of competition.
UFC is a brand.
It’s both and neither are what you’re talking about.
One thing I will say about Izzy is the mfr is consistent and he fights often, never pulls out with injuries makes weight every time, gotta respect that at least  just stay off twitter and microphones and I'd be a super fan ffs
Alex made it easy too. No taking off shorts. 30mins before deadline.  People think he’s destined for 205, but the dude might stay at MW for a while. He and Costa both know the ways of crazy cuts.
How Pereira even gets under 200lbs is mind blowing to me. He must have swallowed a couple helium balloons before he stepped on the scale. USADA, look into it.
Co-main is also official: https://twitter.com/arielhelwani/status/1644346934331863040
Don't think anything other than a clean knockout would satisfy Izzy. I'm sitting on the fence on this one. I think Izzy is the better MMA fighter but he's found his kryptonite
Call him a weight bully all you want, but Alex has never been 8 pounds overweight.
Let’s go, Poatan!
🗿 time
Tomorrow? Bro time flies too fast
Still find it mad how Alex makes 185 he’s bigger than light heavy’s.
I think Izzy is going to lose. He also has to change his fighting style up. He’s been fighting to not lose recently. A bunch of leg kicks, making the opponent feel like they need to “beat the champ to be the champ”. But now he has to go after it and I just can’t see it.
Who was backing up this fight?
Pros
How does pereira make weight he was weighing 355 a month ago
I’m a Rob fan first, then an Izzy fan.. But god damn if Izzy ain’t going big sleep 😴
Still can't believe how quick they both agreed to get this re-match up and going.   Feels like only 2 cards ago they first fought.
Word on the Miami WhatsApp group is Pereira weighed in the exact same as Izzy's weight up to 1/1000000th of a pound.
As long as he makes weight, I dont care how much he weighs in-cage or out of camp
Seeing Jorge and Izzy eat the mat on the same card is gonna be truly magical.
Pereira looks like fucking slenderman on the scales. Blows my mind that he can lose so much weight and then rehydrate so quickly. He must carry an unusually high % of water weight when just walking around which he can flush out quickly come weigh-in time.
Alex must have some crazy discipline. He's such a big dude too, insane.
I just wanna see Izzy do enough damage so we can see Poatan’s 2nd phase this time
215 on fight night XDD
Let the IV wars begin on fight IV
You could see his right arm shaking as he got off the scale, it wasn't and easy cut. But he seemed fine.
Who was the backup? Colby again?
Dude, I want a Montreal Expos hat.
Time for Alex to blow back up to 220lbs - a Twitter comment. 😮
Let’s go Izzy
No where to run now Izzy. Time to get put back into the hospital.
It’s said Alex weighed 218lb in Fight 1.
Let's get it on! Gonna be a war
James irvin https://www.sbnation.com/2010/3/22/2314449/james-irvins-miserable-trip-to-middleweight
Love to hear it
There’s always the stomach bug
Izzy said last year he doesn’t want to just fight for much longer. He said one and done so I wonder if he maybe he may retires if he wins. Close the Periera book permanently because he’ll be forced into a 5th fight which will be dangerous for him. Though the money will look nice.
Confident, always. Grounded, always.
If Pereira missed weight, but Izzy agreed to fight anyway, would it have a sanctioned title fight?
I still love watching him fight, but as soon as he opens his mouth (or does goofy shit like that dog collar) I shut down.
Also moving up to LHW and getting decisively beaten by Jan. I thought that was pretty brave of him
I know. He is walking around wearing a dogcollar like some weird bdsm fetish. I know its from some obscure ipman movie or whatever....but he REALLY thought that was a cool idea and everybody would get it.   He is literally walking around looking like a gimp. Unreal
That gyno though…
Dude must have unreal discipline from his Glory Kickboxing days, the Glory MW limit is 187. He doesn’t even look drained on the scale like Holloway or Conor did cutting to FW
Some ppl are just better at cutting weight. It’s hard for some ppl to accept but not everyone who struggles to make weight is a size bully and many ‘size bullies’ often don’t struggle at all to make weight.  Things like being a heavy sweater, being able to be healthy with lower levels of water in you, being naturally leaner all play a role.
He actually didn't look that bad this time aswell, last time I thought he looked like a legit skeleton.
Some bodies just handle it well. I guess the weight of your head, skeleton have to do with it too and your muscle to fat ratio. Luke Rockhold is also a big 185 guy who never had any weight troubles
Didn’t Costa come in like 20lbs heavier than vettori?
Apparently he's a weight bully cos he has a big cabbage head. Him and adesanya have been at the same weight their whole careers and neither has missed. Maybe Alex is just better ?
Clearly Pereira will win this easily. ez weight cut = ez dub
Makes it all the more impressive because each weight cut makes the next slightly more difficult as your body adjusts to preventing it (you’re essentially simulating dying of dehydration - so your body developes ways to mitigate it next time)
>  He and Costa both know the ways of crazy cuts.  Clearly not given Costa missed weight massively recently
Costa. Didn’t costa come in like 20 pounds over
Boofed a whole canister of helium.  I know for sure my uncle works for the UFC
he has hollow bones like a bird
Hes got helium fillings look into it
He mustn't have a butt.
Does masvidal look worse? Like less shredded and a bit more skinny fat. He's becoming a Diaz bro
That tattoo looks so bad
I wonder how being beat by the same person 3 times affects his mental.
Yep. I was initially thinking Izzy because he's better rounded, but nobody will respect Izzy if he wins some 49-46 decision with grappling and you know that Izzy is super sensitive and conscious about these things.   If he goes knockout hunting it's in Alex's favour I think - that's the game Alex wants and if he doesn't have to fear the takedowns he can swing more freely and also counter Izzy's offensives better.  Alex just needs to win the fight (even if he loses a close one he's probably at peace and comfortable then moving up to LHW). Izzy absolutely needs a knock out and just winning isn't enough.
This is why Izzy was crying about hydration . He’s already mentally losing
I think a submission would better prove the point of him being the superior mixed martial artist though.
Izzy is a risk averse fighter. He rocked Alex pretty badly in the end of round 1 but decided to wrestle in the next round. People have this thought of "Izzy will get more aggresive because his pride is hurt" but he keeps the same
He’s a cringelord that lives in his own head. If he squeaks out a narrow video, he will fully convince himself that he’s righted all wrongs and he’s now the greatest anime champion to have ever lived.
>I think Izzy is the better MMA fighter but he's found his kryptonite  Hot take maybe, but I think the same with Rob and Izzy. Aka Rob is similarly a better MMA fighter but with Izzy as the kryptonite.
Nah, I think he just wants a w. I think a robbery would be sour for him though
I'm complete opposite view, I think he's gonna try and out grapple him and claim he's the superior mixed martial artist.
It really felt like Izzy took off the last round of their last fight because he was winning.  If he keeps his foot on the gas I think he’ll win.  But I’m not sure he will keep that killer mentality.
Dude is a professional, play by the rules and far from looking the worst in term of mma weigh cutting. If UFC don't have rules like One FC, Alex is as cool as any dude on the roster. People just finding stupid reason to hate.
Or 20, like Costa
I like Izzy, but like the welterweight division, a new champion makes matchups a lot more fun.
🗿🗿🗿
Think he walked in the cage at 219 or something like that last time
I’m pretty sure Izzy will wrestle fuck the shit out of Alex
Smh prepare to cry tomorrow then.
Colby
Find the most inactive MW you can think of with a big mouth.
Me
Yeah crazy to think the guy weighed 420 pounds after he hydrated
You acting like you personally doing it bro relax man damn bro talking trash for another man mad embarrassing
How did Izzy hurt you bro?
ooooh it was supposed to be like "hes a dog" I thought he was cosplaying a fucking slave!!!! I was so confused.
dunno man, him on Hot Ones is what made me a big fan https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvQECUoBS1Y
Especially since he gave up his 0 to do it
I've got news for you about most fighters you support.
Dude was cutting weight while being a full blown alcolohic
While I agree, and it's definitely not the fighters fault for working within the system that they're in, I can't help but dislike that "ability to drain water weight out of your body" is an important factor for MMA competitiors.
honestly i'm wondering if being from a really humid climate is just an advantage of cutting a lot of weight, so many brazilians have some crazy cuts and they seem to be able to recover so easily too
There's a lot of focus on how people's faces look during the weight cut too, but that isn't necessarily the best predictor of who is cutting the most or who is having the harder cut. It's going to show on some people's faces way more than others.  All the dudes who look like crackheads on the scale are having brutal cuts for sure, but some fighters don't achieve the same crackhead look when cutting just as much weight.
Size bully is just a term made up by salty fans. All the Dagestan haters accused Mak of being a weight bully, meanwhile his last opponent weighed 166lbs in the cage against Chad Mendes. That's a 21(!) lbs weight cut for a featherweight. Can't be a bigger weight bully than that.
 "Things like being a heavy sweater, being able to be healthy with lower levels of water in you, being naturally leaner all play a role."  -Kenny Florian
Easy there, Dr. Haux
Pereira has a lot of lean muscle. Muscle holds glycogen. Glycogen holds water. Therefore, the more muscle someone has the more water they can cut.
Also, just the mental ability to take on the weight cut will play a role. I think some guys like Johnny or Gastelum struggled mentally with weight cutting more than others.
I don't believe in the concept of weight bully altogether. If you can make the weight, you can make the weight. That being said, Alex is quite clearly much larger than Adesanya lol. Dude posted himself on the scale before at like [233](https://twitter.com/YoshiKatzo/status/1557464009494134784?t=tiG5e-jqBU5cWettHfjTLw&s=19). From what's been reported, Adesanya goes to like 205 max often below even 200. In cage, I'm confident in Saying Alex is like 10-20 lbs heavier, maybe more. I do think the difference was less pronounced in their earlier fights though. For one thing, I think Alex is about an inch taller than Izzy. I know Izzy ahs been listed at 6'4 but historically he's also been listed at 6'3. I think he's probably closer to 6'3 barefoot while Alex 6'4. The general rule of thumb for a similar frame is about 6-10 lbs per inch. Alex clearly has a bigger frame than Izzy, though. In thickness but probably also bone and muscle density.
> Him and adesanya have been at the same weight their whole careers   Lol Alex has like 20 pounds on Izzy, behave yourself.
Is this proven or anecdotal/bro-science?
I tried to do that once and now I can’t own guns anymore
> Boofed a whole canister of helium  Inhale too much pure helium and the person suffocates as the helium displaces oxygen.
Nobody is stopping him from shoving a helium pipe up his ass
Quote from Twitter:  "Burns looks shredded. Masvidal looks like he's been eating shredded cheese." Lmao.
Nate Diaz had that goblin body at 170
Has he ever looked shredded/jacked?
Tbf I don’t think I’ve ever seen Masvidal as shredded as Nate was for the MJ fight, a Diaz bro with a visible 6pack is strange to see.
Isn't he near 40? Even TRT has its limits
relative to a lot of Masvidal's recent cuts, he looked pretty damn good on the scale today lol
That’s called being out of shape. He’s going to get slept, again.
Bro looks the same to me. He doesn’t cut a lot of weight to begin with.
I think he's still a bit more lean than most are giving him credit for, definitely starting to carry himself like a Diaz though
Idk I think he looks pretty good. Chest hair ain’t doing him any favors though 😂
He looks like a guy that just showed up to the public pool
Yes he looks like pre Maia skinny fat self
Everything about it is wrong… the placement, the design, the timing of getting it…
I imagine its like playing the same level on a video game repeatedly and losing despite watching tutorials and playing deathmatch to sharpen your skills
Shevchenko went 4-0 against Joanna between MMA and Muay Thai
like loading into a ufc4 fight and seeing that the purple level 99 is up 5 on you
I mean, every fight Izzy looked pretty good. He even had him almost out end of the first round. So he should still feel kinda confident, but there is just not even an inch of error margin.
I mean Izzy knows he destroyed him in the first fight so it’s 1-2 to him
You should try competing sometime
Underdog izzy is indeed best izzy though
In fairness Izzy has rocked him everytime they've fought
Honestly I disagree. I do agree that if he goes knockout hunting it’s in Alex’s favor, but I think Izzy taking a primarily wrestling-heavy approach is the wrong move.   Izzy has historically done best coming forward. Not just against previous opponents, but against Alex as well. His game has noticeably deteriorated the more passive hes gotten. This is doubly true for the Pereira fight.   He did his best work in his kickboxing fights when he took it to Alex. Initiated exchanges and pressured him. He needs to make Alex uncomfortable and take the initiative away from him. He might be capable of a 5-round wrestling heavy performance, but I doubt it. He needs to intelligently pressure Alex and keep the pressure up over the course of the fight. The more passively he plays it, the more Alex can swing more freely as you mentioned. If Izzy is pressuring, Alex can’t swing freely, at least intelligently enough to really find Izzy.   Smart but consistent pressure on the feet is how he beats Pereira. No different than when Izzy first came up in the UFC, and no different than when he fought Alex in the ring. It’s the classic “do what you do best” - don’t change your approach to your second-or third best thing just because you fear what your opponent may do.
>nobody will respect Izzy if he wins some 49-46 decision with grappling and you know that Izzy is super sensitive and conscious about these things.   I would definitely respect Izzy if he utilized the full martial arts to beat Alex lol. Granted I'm a fan of Izzy, but this isn't kickboxing. Everyone was so impressed about "D1 Ngannou"  despite that he really didn't do much with his takedowns. Can't knock a guy for using all their weapons lol.
Winning a boring decision is absolutely enough for this fight for izzy
>nobody will respect Izzy if he wins some 49-46 decision with grappling  I would! I know you're talking more about Izzy's own perceptions, but it's a pretty sad state of affairs for the sport if fans in general feel that way.
lol what of course everybody will, perhaps not you.  Are we really forgetting that the last fight was easily 4-0/3-1 for him coming into the 5th? He’ll 100% get respect for manhandling a dude 20lbs heavier than him.   Also, why would Poatan go to LHW? He already expressed he doesn’t need to.
[Mom's spaghetti](https://i.redd.it/mpn1nvd8qbsa1.png)
Izzy by RNC is what the world needs.
Definitely a massive cope. He finally has to face someone with physical advantages and then it’s unfair.
Idk man sounds like he's living pretty well in your head too
Bro you are probably a loser IRL, what have you accomplished? He took his loses gracefully and wants a chance to retake the W what's wrong with that.
He arguably already beat him in the first fight and had already secured the rounds in their 2nd and 3rd to take an official decision before being finished  He's 0-3 but it's so weird because he's clearly shown himself able to hang/beat and is pretty much an equal with a guy he's 0-3 with
I mean if we’re being honest he beat him the first fight and was winning most if not all the rounds in their fights except the ones he got finished in. There’s definitely a path to victory but Alex has the skills and power to stay in there and snatch victory from the clutches of defeat.
Who hates Poatan other than like Izzy stans?
That sounds like your own personal problem.
Must be a fucking awful cut
I’ll be sure to hydrate
Do you cry when you're wrong about something?
He gets the next shot because Dana said said so and sucks Trumpcock
"In a world where Izzy doesn't exist, Colby's been double champ for years" - Dana White
Chimaev
Lol there's a bunch. Seriously though, who was the alternate?
Not even close dude
I doubt this is the most embarrassing thing they did
That kirby ballsack tweet sent him over the edge
It’s a Jet Li reference to the movie Unleashed
i was thinking the same, esp with that sleeveless top, he looks like one of those slaves from Game of Thrones. Legit thought he was going to say, he is a slave for vengeance/training that kind of thing.
prolly some danny the dog cosplay tbh
A dog about to be "unleashed." Its god-awful corny
I thought it was from Naruto
That's cool. Like I said, I'm a fan of his fighting, its just that he's so *corny* doing fight promotion
Does he belch loudly during it? I *love* it when he does that.   He's so cool because he hasn't learned basic manners and functioning in civil society, just so edgy.
Emmett’s last cut against Yair is close. His head looked like a literal skull.
Dillashaw at 125 https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/pyrw53/brutal_photograph_of_tj_dillashaw_during_his_cut/
DC's kidneys
Dude above me said it but Max has a nasty cut to 145. Last fight dude was looking gaunt af before a week. Ever since the volk max II his physique has regressed noticeably. Dude looks like a 11 yr old
Maybe not worse, but I remember 205-DC and Kevin Lee looking like death on the scale
James Irving trying MW was the worst I've ever seen
Me too
That’s nuts. I put on about 50 pounds and I was training a lot back then too
I was excited to see Ones method play out but I don't think it's a very good solution tbh
It’s an advantage same as someone having longer limbs, better eyesight, etc
He grew up deep in the favelas so hes used to starving and he was an alcoholic so hes used to being dehydrated.
This. Your face looking sucked out just means they cut most of the weight closer to weigh ins. It’s not indicative of how much weight was cut.   Poatan not having a sucked out face just means he likely lost a lot of the weight earlier than the past few days. For example, maybe he got around 10/15 lb overweight a week ago and was able to have his body adjust a bit before making the hard cut.
“The sun is a giant star.”   - Neil deGrasse Tyson
Izzy is a tweener where it would be hard for him to make 170 (he probably could though but it would be really rough) but he’s quite small for 185. Alex is a *massive* MW. There’s a ridiculous size difference between the two. Wouldn’t call Alex a “weight bully” since he’s doing the same thing everyone is incentivized to do, but he’s much, *much* bigger than Izzy and it’s a huge advantage. Izzy only weighed in at 197 to fight Jan at 205.  Edit: You idiots downvoting me don’t realize that Izzy has been walking around under 200 for years, while almost everyone he’s fought at 185 is cutting from above 210 (Whittaker, Vetorri, Alex, Costa, Cannonier, Yoel, Anderson, etc.) He’s light for the division, but too big to cut to WW (without almost dying at least). That’s the definition of a tweener. Everyone he fights is much heavier than him on fight night.
If you damn near die cutting weight before a fight you are a weight bully. Some of these guys have seizures lol.
Don’t try, this sub is pro Alex and anti izzy. You can call khabib a weight bully but no one else
No idea, just remember it being a story when Cat was dealing with some insane post weight cut issues and the doctor guy here on Reddit made a post about how your body reacts to that kind of stimuli and how it affects your body permanently moving forward, with a bigger impact as you age and a much bigger impact on hormones for women in general
That's why he boofs it
He’s looked way better in the past
Not quite shredded but he def looked more toned and in shape vs Nate and Kamaru rematch.  Looked like he got a bit softer and rounder by the Colby fight and now definitely so  Not saying he's not in shape.  Just age probably
Not at all.   At LW he looked like a lean and fit regular dude, but not cut.  At WW he has looked like that dude with a looser diet.
He looked awesome against Diaz
Tell that to Vitor
I mean Burns is only a year younger, but looks in much better shape
Me playing video games in my 50s... Fuck, I guess Im playing story mode now.
I think it'd be much worse, a level on a video game doesn't improve or  change, it's not human and doesn't belittle you  Izzy really might have been considered the greatest, if lotan didn't exist, and that inferiority has to sting
I imagine it's like losing to the same boss on Elden Ring over and over again, it's completely frustrating and leaves you infuriated.
So me in every game of warzone after consoling myself in shipment 24/7 in-between.
Except I don’t suffer multiple traumatic brain injuries each time.
Great comparison
thats like when you get a dark souls boss HP so low the bar looks empty, and then they still kill you anyways afterwards :/
Yeah I feel like people are acting like there's isn't a path to victory for Adesanya, which just isn't true. Alex may be a horrible matchup for him, the room for error is miniscule, but it's not like he has no chance of being able to figure out a way to win.
I have. And it never really worked out for me, but i'm a hobbyist not a professional
Alex was definitely saved by the bell in the last fight
And Alex did better. He knocked him out.
It's wild to me that it's 3-0 right now. The decision was close (and from what I hear, controversial), the second had Pereira taking an 8-count, and the third Pereira was saved by the bell and losing on the scorecards.
Huh? This is called mixed martial arts for a reason bud, if Izzy wrestlefucks Alex who gives a shit? There is no reason to stand and bang with a decorated Glory Champion who’s KOd you twice already
Don't remember which ex fighter said this but he mentioned that the strikers would feel weird after grappling because sometimes their punches didn't have their usual pop.
It's insanity. Nobody will respect Izzy  blah blah blah. Man who gives a fuck? If i'm Izzy the only objective FOR THIS FIGHT is to win. Doesn't matter how. By any means necessary.  Fuck the fans respect.
He's a Tesla investor bro. Show some respect.
Sean Strickland stans lmao
RemindMe! 36 hours
So many smooth brains here, not literal tears but crying out loud online. This sub is so anti-Izzy it's funny. When he wins tomorrow please don't run and hide, keep that same energy.
Thank you! I’ve watched the movie but couldn’t get the reference
Shit, forgot about that one until now. Great movie.
Holy shit that would be so awful I might have actually had physical symptoms of intense pain to hearing such cringe.
It is, Izzy posted about it
I physically cringed. Not often that happens. It was an involuntary physical reaction.
he did once and apologized for it iirc, but good luck eating that shit and taking care about what comes out of your stomach.
Oh damn I forgot that one. That was ROUGH.
Dan Hooker too
TJ did his best impression of Christian Bale in The Machinist
Yeah this is the worst to me. Looks like a photo out of Aushwitz
The top comment on that post is hilarious
That was horrific. That has to be the worst one.
Things AA doesn't want you to know...
MMA on point team and the ECU PHD both kind of slam dunked it
What is their method?
Not really, those factors that you mentioned actually give an advantage in the fight itself (what the competition is about), while the other is a byproduct of using weight to set the boundaries of each division.
Jon Anik tier analysis
Poverty is unsarcastically best base for MMA.
Alcoholism is the best base for MMA
Izzy could not make 170 😂
Izzy is not a tweener lol his bigger then vettori
I don't even care about the weight bully but the man tried to make out like him and Izzy don't have a good 15-20 pound weight difference. Izzy weighed in a 200 pounds for a LHW fight.
He never had an impressive physique and he’s also 38 now, so it makes sense he would begin to look worse like any normal human.  Don’t let Yoel Romero or TRT Vitor skew your perspective. Men lose muscle mass as they age unless they conceive, believe, and pump steroids.
Reflexes gone to shit.  From .15s to 1.5s  Amen brother.
I am Poatan, blade of Texiera, and I have never known defeat
Eh, some people react to failure differently. For the elden ring example, I had to die to learn the timing and move sets. Without those failures I couldn't have succeeded. Same thing with rock climbing. Falling (failure) provides the necessary practice/lessons for the send.   For sure have rage quit a few times though on malenia, and how well this analogy translates to the mental side of combat sports is nebulous lol
The Valley of Defilement (Swamp of Sorrow) in DeS and Tomb of Giants in Dark Souls are worse than most bosses in fromsoftware games.   I remember back in the day wanting to hurl my fucking controller out the window after a death in the Valley of Defilement that involved running out of items to cure my poison, being invaded, and being chased by the giant depraved one all at once.
and Izzy was up 3-1
My point is that it's not like Izzy can't do damage. It's not like he hasn't come close to winning. Alex is just better. But it's mma, anything can happen
I’m not saying he shouldn’t wrestle Alex because it would be a bad game plan, I’m saying he shouldn’t wrestle because it’s not even close to his best skillset. Izzy is a striker, first and foremost. He’s as good of a striker as Alex is, and better in many ways.   I don’t think he’s capable of wrestling Alex over 5 rounds. And even if he was, I don’t think that’s HIS key to beat him. Izzy got in trouble because of his timidity and his abandoning his strengths in their last fight. Going further in that direction and wrestling COULD work, but any coach worth his salt probably wouldn’t advise Izzy to do so. He needs to pressure Alex and take the initiative away from him. I suppose we’ll see tomorrow, but I just don’t see a wrestling heavy gameplan being either smart OR realistic. I don’t think he or his coaches actually see that as the way to beat Alex either. And that’s for a reason (hint: the reason isn’t that they’re afraid he’ll be looked down upon. It’s because it’s just not smart).
Izzy has been really sensitive about people calling him boring and the criticisms of his point fighting style. If he puts on a boring wrestling clinic fans will be upset.
Sean Strickland has fans?
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2023-04-09 10:32:17 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2023-04-09%2010:32:17%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/12enf6k/both_pereira_and_adesanya_have_made_weight_ufc/jfdjwpq/?context=3)  [**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FMMA%2Fcomments%2F12enf6k%2Fboth_pereira_and_adesanya_have_made_weight_ufc%2Fjfdjwpq%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202023-04-09%2010%3A32%3A17%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%2012enf6k)  *****  |[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)| |-|-|-|-|
He used to belch every time he was interviewed
that's what the top comment says too lmao
Wonder if that's why dudes body is falling apart now
Something about hydration tests to make sure you’re not unnaturally dehydrated (like you would be if cutting water weight) in the days before the fight
From their website:  How Does ONE’s Hydration & Weigh-In System Work?  - An athlete’s daily training weight is referred to as “walking weight.” ONE will assign an athlete his or her weight class based on the athlete’s “walking weight.” Bouts will be offered to an athlete strictly based on his or her “walking weight.” - When athletes arrive at ONE’s athlete hotel at the start of event week, their weights will be checked. Every athlete must be within the restrictions of the contracted weight class or catchweight limit. - During event week, all athletes will participate in a combined weigh-in and hydration test. Hydration will be checked through a urine specific gravity test in which every athlete will submit a urine sample to a medical technician. Under the guidance of ONE’s doctor, the technician and doctor will test the sample to ensure the athlete is hydrated with a urine specific gravity value of 1.025 or below. If the athlete passes this test, he or she can weigh-in. The athlete’s weight must be within the restrictions of the contracted weight class or catchweight limit. - On event day, athletes who made weight and passed the hydration test on the previous day do not have to weigh-in. However, if an athlete has missed weight or failed a hydration test, then he or she must pass the hydration test and make weight on event day. - If an athlete fails the hydration test on event day, he or she is not permitted to compete. Should an athlete pass the hydration test but weigh-in above the restrictions of the contracted weight class, then the bout may take place at a catchweight if the athlete is within 5 percent of his or her opponent’s official weight, and if the opponent agrees to competing at this catchweight. Additionally, a percentage of the athlete’s purse will be given to the opponent due to failure to make the contracted weight. - Post-bout weight may not exceed 5 percent over the weight class or catchweight limit. If an athlete were to commit this offense, he or she will be held to the rules below:         - First offense – athlete receives an official warning.         - Second offense – athlete will be penalized 25 percent of his or her total fight purse.         - Third offense – athlete will be penalized 50 percent of his or her purse. The athlete will also be permanently disqualified from competing in the weight class and must move up to the next higher weight class.
They are the same because fighters can’t train those things you either born with those advantages or not. Is it “fair”? No, but that’s part of the game.
"Alex Pereira reacting to Izzy's feints there with some twitches, not unlike the twitches of an alcoholic suffering from withdrawals, something that Alex knows all about. This fight clock is brought to you by Modelo."
Hard upbringings make hard people.
Definitely a super underrated “intangible” that you can’t really coach.
True for most sports in the world, it's just a different type of dedication that often gets motivated by a rough/poor upbringing.
If that were true I'd be the goat.
You’re probably right, but he walks around about the same weight as Kamaru Usman. He’s stated many times he walks around under 200, and he only weighed in at 197 to fight Jan at 205.
Height =/= size. He absolutely walks around significantly lighter than Vetorri. He’s just taller and skinnier. Izzy walks around significantly lighter than almost everyone he’s fought as a champ. They’re all much heavier than him on fight night. He’s a tweener, he’s just tall. Most guys at 185 are cutting from *at least* 210.
Yup, izzy like barely cuts weight at all for mw usually. Pretty sure izzy could possibly make WW. I could be wrong
Burns is almost 37 and is in insane shape
Rogan told me Couture just ate a lot of salmon.
I don’t think you automatically lose muscle mass through age. It’s two things: body fat percentage goes up, ability to add muscle mass goes down.  I’ve been lifting and working out consistently for 10 years now. I’m 33 and bigger and stronger than I was at any point in my 20s, but achieving gains now is much harder and I have to be way more careful about my diet and training. In my 20s I could eat two Dominos pizzas a day, drink 5 beers and sleep like shit and still easily keep my body fat at 10% just by lifting heavy
I think you have it skewed my dude. 38 is still pretty young for normal people. They can “easily” get shredded. Jorge just got lazy. Just watch his embedded. He’s partying most of the time and has a lot of other shit he’s doing. No doubt he’s not taking fighting seriously anymore and probably doing the bare minimum which is make weight.
Hey bro. Fuck that cunt. I depleted her health bar all the way after a while of trying really hard... Then the cutscene. Fuck that.
I don’t think the r/mma perception is going to affect his fight plan
If he was sensitive about being called boring, he would have done something to stop being boring years ago.
Bro he desperately needs to best potan and striking hasn't worked  I'm going to assume he'll take what he can get and only the saltiness people remember Henry edging a decision over DJ, they just remember he was champ
So sensitive, he went out there and did the same thing for multiple fights.
Shit didn't see that. It's accurate tho
I think you missed my point. I don't disagree that there are natural qualities of a person that can't be trained and that gives them an edge on an MMA bout, nor argued about fairness or merit.  I simply voiced my personal dislike that the ability to cut huge amounts of water weight was elevated to the importance of those other abilities due to how weight classes are structured.   So, to me they're definitely not **the same**, because one is about the fight itself and the other is a byproduct of having classes divided by the athlete's weight 1 day prior to the fight.   As an example, in Heavyweight that's not a factor, while longer limbs, eyesight, reflexes, and all other natural attributes still are. If the UFC decided that athletes should weigh every day for a month before their bout, it also wouldn't be a factor.
the fact you can read this is aniks voice and it doesnt sound wrong.
"And Jon I could use a Modelo or 2 just to calm my nerves for this fight, I'm so excited!" -DC  "hahha"-Anik
Beautiful champ
The ones that don't die at least
The makers of Viagra hate this one weird trick.
Not really true if you define "hard people" in a positive way, like resilience. Higher incidence of traumatic experiences generally related to poverty (google ACES) lead to worse outcomes in life (eg, lower educational attainment, lower income, worse health outcomes, higher chance of developmental and mental health issues, etc.)
CaptainButtFucker…. You are the goat!
Me too
If Kamaru is walking around 195, that's still not the weight he's in fighting shape at. Israel is already in fighting shape at 197 and that's while being very lean and not having comparatively much muscle mass to draw water from.
I’ve trained with Izzy. He’s massive in real life. No way he could ever make 170
He fought at 176 as a kickboxer a few times so it's entirely possible. Don't know how hard that extra 5-6 pounds would be to get off but if he wanted to I bet he could. Edwards v Adesanya would be a fun fight tbf.
Burns also probably works a lot harder than Masvidal and he trains at the old Blackzillians…
Tbf he competed in BJJ his whole life, it’ll take some centuries for all the shit he took to reach half life
Burns training regime (at least what he posts on YT) is pretty crazy. Meanwhile Masvidal is known for having his manager have to force him to stop eating fast food during camps
Yeah, Couture’s TRT guy was a part time fisherman
I think early 30’s is the body’s physical prime no?
You’re only 33 though. The decline really kicks in late-30’s, you’re still in your physical muscle building prime.
Lol I was stuck on her for 2 days before downing her, first time I ever felt completely shut down by a boss in a fromsoft game. Bitch dribbled me like a basketball
You're probably right. Won't be very popular with the fans if it turns out that way. Though he has "mistakenly" dropped enough wrestling hints that I feel like it's a ruse.
Yeah that seem pretty valid. The booing will be wonderful.
Hah
How can he be GOAT when I'm still standing here
Izzy said multiple times he walks around under 200. He is always very lean, so yeah, not gonna be able to cut as much as Usman and WW is probably too far for him. My main point is most 185ers walk around at at least 210 or heavier. That goes for Vetorri, Cannonier, Whittaker, Romero, Anderson, Alex, etc. Izzy is a lot smaller than them but probably too big to cut to WW. That’s why I’m calling him a tweener.
Yeah making 170 is an exaggeration. But that’s why he’s a tweener. He’s not cutting from 210+ like everyone else at MW, but he’s too big for WW
Izzy would ko him inside 3 rounds if we are being real
Someone asked a question bout that a few days ago and it actually got me really interested. I doubt it happens but Izzy matches up pretty decently at 170. It's a grappler heavy division but with the size advantage he'd have, his already great takedown defense would be even greater. Only question mark would be his durability but I'd wager he'd get hit way less against smaller guys.
Also - whether we like to admit it or not - genetics.
2 days is the standard for me for the average boss. This donkey is gonna take me a couple of days.
I mean I think potan starches him and I'm looking forward to it
Genetics plays a factor for sure. Also, just being darker skinned makes you look more ripped than you would with the exact same build and paler skin.  But let’s be real, we also know Gilbert’s getting a little extra help from the chemists with this.
Ah yes Jorge is the pinnacle of morality and must not be on anything
My main takeaway: people on twitter still arguing the first fight was an early stoppage lmao
Naruto would be disappointed with this behavior.
So is that whole camp just going to talk about IVs now lol. This fool should be worried about losing to Alex for the IVth time
Dan 'The Nurse' Hooker is on his way...
Tf is wrong with Izzy? He’s being more of a bitch than usual.
Izzy already making excuses
I like Izzy but this new thing with City Kickboxing is so fucking lame. Is this gonna be their new thing now? Everytime a decision is close or one of their guys loses it’s “Oh that guy was cheating.” Whether they are or they aren’t (lets be real most guys are) it doesn’t matter cause they ain’t getting caught. Would Dan Hooker have said “Volk beat Islam even after he cheated” if Volk won that fight? I highly fucking doubt it. And this may be sarcastic and Izzy is just poking fun and being a smartass, but how many people seeing that are gonna take it that way? Not many.
Ok, Titty.
I would have a little bit more sympathy for Izzy if he didn’t randomly show up to certain fights with tits and blame it on pot smoking.
I wonder how effective a water enema would be for rehydration? They could even put electrolytes in it.
I was rooting for Pereira anyway, now I want Izzy starched
Crybaby Kickboxing. Went from one of my most liked gyms to one that I can't stand. These guys are some of the biggest sore losers I've ever seen.   And it's hilarious because these guys are all juicing like it's going out of fashion.
PEDs make people emotional.
This just in, Izzy tested positive for picograms of bitchmade. How many levels in his system are yet to be determined
"Fine I will just grow a titty for my next fight with my cycle. What's the legal usada loophole again?" - Islam
I hope Izzy wins just because it’ll piss this sub off and that’s what I’m really here for
You cant become the next hokage with that attitude Izzy
Render this man unconscious my Brazilian brother. 🗿
Bro has excess sodium in his organism
Didn’t he just say he was done talking at the press conference?
Hopefully he gets flatlined again.
People can clown on Izzy all they want, but I’m more shocked at the fact that fighters AREN’T heavily monitored after they step off the scales, especially if they’ve done a massive weight cut.
I think Adesanya is mentaly in a bad place. He seemed to be triggerd by everything Pereira does and say.  Mcgregor vs Aldo vibes are all over the place.
Prove him wrong, betcha can't
Man, Izzy has come off like a complete bitch in the buildup to this fight. We get it, you're really salty over losing to the same guy three times and you'll keep running it back until you get a single W. This is just getting pathetic at this point. Maybe it seems worse because Pereira only responds with 🗿
What's the USADA limit on copium?
It would be nice if Pereira knock him out cold this time.
All these keyboard warriors calling a world-class kickboxer and MMA fighter a bitch lol. Love this sub but sometimes it can get so ironic.
Falling in and out love….
my guy is already building excuses
For anyone wondering the limit is 100ml but it varies between, commission, USADA, and Org.
Accusing opponents of taking IV and City Kickboxing name a better duo
In the immortal words of another Brazilian middleweight: "DON'T MAKE EXCUSE!"
Izzy is going full Borachina right now
Get the excuses good and ready. It’s what CKB does best. Team full of Hookers over there. Embarrassing! Poatan will KO him again! I will enjoy it very much!
I don't blame Izzy here.  Fighters have every reason to question the integrity of the rules when they're putting their bodies and careers on the line, and in a sport where minor advantages can change the outcome of a fight.  Like have yall ever competed at anything on a high level? It's sketchy as fuck.
I made a 180-degree turn on Izzy, used to be a big fan because of anime, but now I’m soured on him and that gym. Let’s go, Poatan!
Let everyone use steroids, Ivs, epo, etc.   Puts everyone on equal playing field.
This dude sure says a lot of insecure things and tries waaay too hard to be cool for someone who says he doesn’t care what people think
Really can't stand this at all. I'm still mad at Volk for this and now Adesanya's at it too.
I can’t wait for Izzy to win and shut this entire sub up
Who's he talking about
Don't really like Izzy but he has a point right here
A brazillian cheating?   Nooooo...
One loss me the whole sub goes back to hating Izzy smh
How can someone so smart at striking and getting rich be so dumb at everything else?
He’s scared.
God I hope Izzy wins. This sub is such is full of hateboner circle jerking losers.
I’m one to agree that most of these guys are on some type of PED but accusing an athlete who’s never failed a drug test is a little much. People here used to get shit on for assuming Yoel or Francis are juicing lol. This sub really just hates Izzy. CKBs recent accusations are lame but far less people go at volk or accuse him of PED use than Izzy.
[removed]
Why is everyone assuming he’s talking about Alex? I read this and assumed he was referring to Islam and making a joke
I mean he's fighting a dude 40 pounds heavier than him who is allowed to rehydrate with iv
rent free
They really must hate Adesanya if they wanted him to receive more punches to the head. The thing about Pereira's follow-up shots is that they're surprisingly precise.
Most twitter users have abandoned reality. It'd be funny if those stupid fucks didn't vote and drive, but they do.
Izzy's sells that line himself. He's trying to play "hands down and looking at the ground while getting clobbered in the head" as some kind of strategy. "I was waiting for him to gas out," he said.
i was rooting for izzy and im gutted that he lost but he was out on his feet it was a good stoppage don’t wanna see him get knocked unconscious
That was an early stoppage. Yea Pereira probably would have finished things beyond a doubt had it kept going a little longer, but Izzy was still dodging shots and IMMEDIATELY reacted to the ref stopping the fight.
Because it was…
I was sure there was a knee in the post for Izzy on the last flurry of strikes, and that would have been disastrous for him.
What, are they in a tontine with Izzy?
How can anyone watch that highlight and come to that conclusion? The left hook he landed had a bit of jumping momentum. It was almost a sho ryu ken. Then watch the follow up hits. The way he hits his head with accuracy, power, and momentum. Goddard really saved him from some significant damage.
I still say early stoppage and only Ariel Helwani and I are on that island. 😂  S/o to Eugene for agreeing it wasn’t!
I think it was a good stoppage. But I would have liked to see it go on a little longer.
It was. Before the current era of stopping the fight as soon as someone gets hurt, we used to see damaged fighters turn it around and pull out a win. Sadly, fighters don't get that chance anymore.
And Pikachu 😔
Lmao!!!! How do you highlight a comment?
Believe it
Nah bro this is Izzys redemption arc. Naruto would never give up on his friend Izzy!
This is the comment I came looking for
Hes fightin a dude hes lost like 3 times to so he salty
I see him getting starched. His energy has been like a jaded ex GF
Getting his excuses in early
Smoked a lil weed and raised his estrogen again
I think the fight is getting to him, people with 100% confidence don't act like this. This is the talk of a man who is doubting his chances.
Those with gyno tits shouldnt throw IVs in glass houses   Or some shit
Making excuses before the fight is never a good thing
Izzy is surrendering before the fight has even started. What a sore loser.
I thought like after the first actual stoppage we would see some growth on Izzy's side and see another mythical fighter: humble Izzy.   He just seems to be even more toxic than before. This is probably one of the reasons why Izzy is such a turn off for many fight fans. His skills in the cage isn't enough to patch the venomous personality.
He seems pretty nervous and rattled. Doesn't necessarily mean he will lose but he's definitely feeling some pressure here.
He's mentally broken
He's been out of sorts ever since someone snatched his pearls and lip gloss.
You gotta cut him some slack -- he got his brains scrambled badly just a few months ago.
He's focused and angry. Why are you so upset?
What else did he say that I'm missing? Islam's own manager said there's nothing wrong with a fighter getting 2 liters of fluid to rehydrate before deleting the tweet. There has to be more than just this tweet that has people getting so emotional.
No,He's making a fair point .If its not legal then they did his boy dirty.
He's always been one, just now it's more noticeable cuz he ain't the champ.
Because he got beaten by a guy who only started fighting in MMA full time about 3 years ago. A sport that Izzy has been spending years making his name and work his way up the ranks...after getting beaten twice by Perieira in *another* sport.
He's 1 loss away from being in the dreaded Benavidez position. He failed double champ and is likely Alex moves up and out does him there too.  He's has a lot too lose.
I honestly used to like him but yeah I agree with this. He seemed scared at stare downs, clenching his jaw. Looking like he was about to cry
Seriously.  This is the talk of a loser.  He honestly should have taken some time off after the loss.  Same with kamaru.  You can tell by his talk, he doesn’t think he’s ready
I don't see this as him making an excuse, if anything he's saying all things will be equal come fight day
Man, Volk looked ready to go another 5 rounds after that fight, let’s be real everyone’s had a few sips of the secret sauce
Islam literally was cheating though. [This](https://www-mmamania-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/www.mmamania.com/platform/amp/2023/2/16/23602399/no-1-scandal-ufc-claims-i-v-use-is-legal-but-australia-commission-disagrees?amp_gsa=1&amp_js_v=a9&usqp=mq331AQIUAKwASCAAgM%3D#amp_tf=From%20%251%24s&aoh=16809008581275&referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com&ampshare=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mmamania.com%2F2023%2F2%2F16%2F23602399%2Fno-1-scandal-ufc-claims-i-v-use-is-legal-but-australia-commission-disagrees) article explains it pretty well. Read the entire thing.
you'd overdose on water and drown
Izzy literally has a breast and is talking about IVs lmao
Welcome to Shitty Kickboxing
ForREALLLLLL they’re all pretty likable even Izzy with his cringe ass shit but when they bring this shit up again it’s so annoying
I hope izzy looses and retires. Maybe it's time
Yes I’m sure they’ll care about a filthy casuals opinion of them and their gym. Keep focusing your energy on that outlook and see how far you go.  Honestly this sun has some whack perspectives on things.
They stick with their own
*kilograms
There’s been a lot of that happening lately.     Izzy by 1st round sub in under two minutes.
Izzy wins then they're fighting again.. lol
A fellow man of culture, I see
🤝
I don’t think ppl will be that salty. This sub after a win/loss isn’t as sensitive as ppl think. After Jon beat Gane, ppl just trashed Gane and said “hate him or not, Jon’s good.” After pereira beat Izzy ppl were making jokes. After Islam beat Charles ppl were praising him and surprised by the dominance. After Aljo beat Yan ppl weren’t that salty. Some ppl will feel vindicated for Izzy, but not like most ppl are gonna be crying if Izzy wins. Salt dominates the discussion usually when a fighter gets robbed like Gordon vs Paddy. Lots of ppl here would’ve been salty if Izzy won at 281, but it didn’t happen  I mean I thought Izzy would steamroll Pereira the first time. I expected his grappling and TDs to be way better (like Ngannou he does train grappling a lot). Expected his exp with mma range, hand fighting, clinch, elbows, cage footwork to show itself. I thought Pereira was too green and just a juicy narrative that would sell PPVs. I wanted Pereira to win, but felt like everything was pointing to Izzy winning. Izzy hurt him in kickboxing and I knew he could again w 4oz gloves. At the end of rd 1 I was like “Yep, Pereira’s out of his element and Izzy can hurt him like before.” In rd 3 I was thinking “Yep, Pereira’s a white belt.” I understand y Izzy is a slight fav now, and would lean towards picking him, based on he has to win 1 eventually
It won't piss off the sub, the Izzy fanboys will come out of the woodwork and hail him like the MAD RATS they are.
Izzy by flying arm triangle
This result, Colby beating Leon and Belal getting bounced by Shavkat will make this echo chamber shitheap explode. One can only hope.
This sub will be so butthurt. This will be more satisfying when Izzy kod their dad Whittaker
I was going to say he didn't get flatlined... Crazy how we're seeing their fourth fight... and they could potentially do 5.
Izzy has made a career by being the bigger guy, the 2 guys in his entire mma career he fought that were his size or bigger, he lost.
You’re shocked that the UFC doesn’t have the resources to heavily monitor every fighter that cuts weight for 36 hours prior to the fight?  Izzy is a sore loser, he went life and death to win his interim belt against a guy who is closer to Volks height than Izzy. If Kelvin lost 15 of the 30lbs of fat he’d be a small welterweight. Everyone has advantages and disadvantages, if you agree to the rules you prob should not bitch about them.
Prove him right, betcha can’t
This comments a jab at Islam/volk fight if anything
You can be a bitch and a world class fighter. Those aren’t mutually exclusive.
Should everytime someone has something negative to say on here have to lead with “ I know he could beat my ass but…”? He’s been bitching and moaning all week about random shit, go watch his media day interview, he’s literally calling out the production staff multiple times for things like opening doors in the background. Clearly something is up with him. Call a spade a spade
Just because he’s a good fighter doesn’t mean he’s not a bitch
I mean being good at a sport does not make one not a bitch. Izzy has always gotten salty af about everything. People finally dislike him enough to shit on him for it.
You can definitely be both
I won't call him a bitch. A juice-up titty boy on the other hand...
They’re saying he’s acting like a bitch this week in comparison to his usual self on fight week, meaning he doesn’t normally. That shouldn’t have to be explained.
It's new people from the past 2-3 years. Also just reddit.
This sub turned on Izzy when he had the audacity to fight smart against consistent top contenders and then beat Whittaker 2x.
I’d definitely call him a bitch. I feel like I wouldn’t die from a punch or kick.  After I regained consciousness I could use a nice settlement from a civil suit and some free stuff from Uncle Dana
I like Izzy but this is literally bitch behavior lmao this CKB IV allegations were pathetic at the time and they are even more so now
Best day of your life!
Aight how bout we seriously start questioning that titty thoo
Finally, a reasonable take. I don't see why you wouldn't want complete transparency at the highest level to make sure nobody is cheating.   The fact that he's bringing it up again is a sign that when Islam was rehydrating, there wasn't enough transparency there to prove that he hadn't cheated. So clearly he wants things to be different in this title fight, given the high stakes.
Pride never die.
Volk was staying out of it, Hooker was the one who mentioned an IV
Even if Izzy wins, he's still gonna be annoying. Win, lose or draw, that ain't gonna shut up the people here unsatisfied with Izzy's personality.   It would shut up this sub if people here actually doubted his skills, which no sane person does.
He can’t undo those ridiculous WWE “entrances” though.  There’s no coming back from that undertaker nonsense
Poatan, he is accusing him of cheating by rehydrating using IVs, apparently accusing others is all the rage at CKB right now
It’s shocking that the fighters *aren’t* monitored from weigh-ins to the cage.   They are surrounding by their teams, what’s one more person?
Yeah it's definitely the loss and not his personality.
Izzy had a titty
So Izzy can accuse Pereira of using an IV with no proof, but when fans talk about a guy with gyno probably being on PEDs it's wrong? lol
[removed]
[removed]
he tweeted like a day ago accusing alex of using ivs
It is 40 now??? Lol. The gap gets bigger and bigger
Hes not allowed to. There are still draw backs cutting that much weight even with an iv.   Go set soke run max efforts, bench squat and deadlift max efforts, vertical jump, max push ups.   Then spend 3 or 4 days dropping 15 or 20lb, and see how your performance is 36 hours later
It's not the first time we've seen it either. When he dropped Strickland, Alex was still able to hit him even as he fell.
TBF the first shots are precise too!
Big izzy fan here, glad the fight stopped when it did. We were 2 punches tops away from seeing him eat a knee and falling down face first
people also seem to forget just how fucking hard alex hits. his left hooks are straight hellacious
yep. I was rooting for Izzy and that stoppage was fair. Letting it go longer would have just gotten Izzy flatlined.
Imagine if Pereira threw a knee up the middle when Adesanaya was hunching over? Could have literally broken his face.
You honestly can't officiate Pereira the same way. He's way deadlier.
There is an alternate angle of the finish that looks much worse.  Every follow up punch lands perfectly
That was what stood out to me with that first fight. I genuinely thought, even while watching it live, that Pereira was tiring out and that he wouldn't have the steam to get the finish in the final round.  He seemed to be hitting harder, faster and more accurately in that final few minutes of that fight than any point in the first 20.  Izzy is going to have to put up a literally flawless fight against Pereira this weekend if he wants to ever become champ again. If he loses again, that's his last shot for potentially years, by which point he'll probably be past his prime (as a striker).
I love it when Redditors say “X social platform users are stupid” when in reality Redditors are the same level of average intelligence.
He had him right where he wanted him!
He is trying to gas him out, it wasn't the worst shots he could take - Dominick Cruz, probably.
He was 1 big shot away from being slumped over cold and that shot was coming
Dodging shots with his head. He literally had to look up to see the ref stopped the fight because he was staring at the ground getting pummeled.
Staring at the floor while getting pummeled is the best defense
15 unanswered shots with multiple hitting his head clean while he's staring at the floor. "Early stoppage"
I agree it was a tad early, its a title fight and you need a conclusive ending. To pretend like you know for sure what was going to happen next is make believe. We've seen it enough times to warrant a few more seconds. Edgar Vs Maynard 2 and 3, Lesnar vs Carwin, Hughes vs Trigg, just off the top of my head. Even more that aren't title fights.
You need a highlighter
Gross English dub
Like he's so in. At this point I want unhinged Izzy. Like if he's gonna go out then go all out.
> Hes fightin a dude hes lost like 3 times to so he salty   But Izzy has been saying he isn't keeping score and that none of the talk has been bothering him, so I don't think he's salty about that   **/s**
Salty like sodium
> he salty  Hence why he needs IV's, he needs some 3% saline solution (normal is 0.9% so 3% is very salty) to replace the salt lost in those tears.
We finna hear about Izzy suckerpunching Alex after the fight outside Papi Açaí if he loses.
It's easy to make thoughtful and inspiring philosophies when you're winning...  When someone loses, that's the real test of their character!
I’m a Izzy fan and hope he can get it done but I’m getting that same vibe. Not only is the fight too soon from the last one, he’s also coming in with a bad attitude.
Wasn't it pretty much like this before his fight against Whittaker?
It's just a kryptonite matchup for someone reason. Most people who played sports have had this happen to them. For some reason just a guy you never do well against. They could even be trash but for some reason it's always a struggle
He talks like this before every fight. He did the same pre Whittaker fight before he kod him twice in one fight
Lol the guy is complaining about IVs while there’s pics of his steroid boob.
ahh thank you for this mate, had a laugh
Because he made a joke at an IV controversy? This tweet is so incredibly tame, what are you getting up in arms about
The psychoanalysis here because he made a jab at the whole IV controversy in Islam/volk right is hilarious 😂
Making excuses beforehand isn’t being focused lol
You don't need to be focussed for a press conference and all the press shit. That's dumb and a waste of energy.
This is dumb. By that logic you can shit on Whittaker for the same when he got beat by Izzy
Cmon man, you don’t think snowboard binding around his neck Izzy is of sane and sound mind ?
This is the craziest parasocial comment I’ve ever read
Whered you get your psych degree brah?
I think he feels he had Alex sooooo close to being out of there in the first, his inner monologue has to go something like “Ok, I didn’t get knocked out…had his ass in the first…I’m gonna be more disciplined this time.”  If he didn’t have that moment maybe he would have taken a break.  Idk 🤷
IV's really shouldn't be legal though. Either let everyone use it as much as they want or don't use them at all.
I mean you guys talk like Alex didn’t get saved by the bell last fight lol… he was winning the fight on points before the finish so it’s not like he got dominated and needs some giant leap of improvement to be competitive.
I just read this article. It shows the same tweets (from aus commission, brett, ali, dan, etc) that everyone already knows, and doesn't offer a shred of evidence. Can you please quote the 'evidence' part?  (Note: not being sarcastic, genuinely curious where the evidence is in the article,  it's possible that i may have missed it or misread it )
Ok great, so any concrete evidence?
[removed]
You’re Team Usman?
Well then just use less water.
You have absolutely zero clue what you’re talking about, so why even bother?
Most people with gynecomastia got it during puberty. if you go to a plastic surgeon's office most of the men are there for gynecomastia and 80% of them look like theyve never seen a gym or even know what an androgen is
Literally? Where?  Edit: all these braindead nephew downvotes but nobody will send a pic because Izzy looks totally normal
Can I take ya order pree?
I hope he loses too but retirement doesn't make sense when he's 33 and one of the best fighters in the world. He's definitely in a weird spot if he loses, but we've seen that before.
There’s a world Izzy loses tomorrow, Whittaker beats Alex takes the belt, Izzy takes it back from Rob. Even as a huge Rob fan that would be an incredible storyline for Izzy.
Wut
MMA fans are just weird and toxic in general. People still like Conor McGregor after all the things he’s done, yet the city kickboxing boys claim that some fighters are cheats and all of a sudden everyone hates them like they’ve committed the worst crime in humanity.
and they are all in his titty
Izzy by spladle
Not a chance.
🤝
"I don't think people will be that salty"... clearly you haven't been here after many Izzy fights.
two huge paragraphs, but you arent sensitive
You literally sound like the type to get salty
Anyone who thinks this sub wasn’t salty after Yan’s Al’s to Alio and Sean is high lmao
I forget if it the was first or second kickboxing match, but he absolutely got flatlined. Oxygen tank level flatline.
2 fights in a completely different org/type of mma.
> UFC doesn’t have the resources to heavily monitor every fighter that cuts weight for 36 hours prior to the fight?  I mean they do, they could use all that money they *don't* pay fighters to do that instead
Pereira‘s lucky Ali isn’t his manger or he just might
Oh god forbid you ever call a fighter a bitch for ANY reason. Called Colby a bitch in another thread a while back and someone replies "YOU WOULDN'T CALL HIM THAT IN PERSON BRO" MMA fans are a crazy bunch. Self included
Ope, not that last part though 👀
He took his two losses well.  He's taken on every challenge at 185 without any hint of dodging.  Came right back now against the guy that has embarrassed him  But says stuff Reddit doesn't like and he's a bitch  This thread is embarrassing.  You all losers are seriously no better than Twitter
It was the Whittaker fued. Before that he was decently well liked. But the vast majority of this sub consists of Whittaker fanboys
We don't really need to. We can assume he doped too but still takes issue with the system, it isn't that illogical. Maybe he recognizes an issue with it being an "arms race" of loopholes.
If anything, suffering from gyno tit would suggest that he's not an experienced cheater.
I see your point. More information and transparency benefits everyone, especially when the stakes are that high. But the way CKB went about it was still absolutely ridiculous. Lack of transparency was never an issue for them until they get beat by Islam and all turn into salt bags and Dan Hooker starts some shit on twitter while he's drunk.   And what's the solution to this lack of transparency? USADA or the commission put an official in the hotel room of every fighter between weigh-in and fighting? They would need like 2-3 people to cover shifts for all 24 hours in a day.
Volk mentioned it too
Plenty of people think it will be an easy Alex win. Nice try tho
The undertaker thing was fucking sick
Isn't this extra silly considering his gyno?
What makes you think he's accusing Alex?  I read this and just assumed it was a reference to the Islam incident.
I wonder if there’s some sort of confidentiality issue.  Imagine a USADA texts his buddies the fighter has the shits or is nervous.  Or has a gambling problem and texts Askren to watch out for the flying knee. Also these fighters can get real superstitious and stuff.  Some like to be alone and now you got some weird USADA nerd following you around even in your hotel room the night before…
I just said CKB is lame for what they’re doing lol. You can’t deny this sub has a giant hate boner for Izzy. People who test positive for shit get less hate than he does
[removed]
Which is a weird time to do it...pre weigh in? Why would Alex be IVing then? Today I can get. Tomorrow for sure. But yesterday? Izzy is on some wild shit this week. He's extremely emotional and I think Eugene is alluding to that when he said it's too soon for the re. Izzy is Def the type of guy to not take the sports psych side of things seriously. Super insecure guy who feels he has to prove his masculinity at every turn by leaning hard in the opposite direction "real men paint nails, wear dresses and cosplay as a canine amirite fellas?" - you can see how this isn't a stretch from "I don't need to talk any more about my feelings. I'm just about the rematch now." Pure redirection.  The guy is insufferable because he shouldn't be near a microphone with his need for validation and approval. Nothing to do with how cringe he is (which he is).
Poatan should fight someone his own size, like Nate Diaz! Pretty sure Nate weighed 220 in the cage in the second Conor fight
Yup Alex hit Sean twice on his way to the ground
Big Izzy hater here. I hate the fight was stopped as early as it was. It gave Izzy and his fans another excuse and he really needs to get knocked the fuck out AGAIN to keep his ego in check.
Putting aside that you don't understand the comment you're replying to - no they didn't. If I can clearly see air between someone's fist and their opponent's head, that's not going to magically change with a different camera angle. You morons act like everyone else doesn't have eyes.  Pereira beat him, he landed some nasty shots, Izzy was rocked hard, it was a good stoppage. You don't have to exaggerate and lie like a fucking middle-schooler to convince us.
My head is like concrete, his hands will feel it soon
If the ref had let one more punch go, no one would be arguing.
Izzy says he was watching Alex’s feet to try and predict where the shots were going and avoid the KO shot  Obviously he was in trouble and it’s very likely he could’ve been finished or at least knocked down if the fight wasn’t stopped when it was  But Izzy was the reigning and defending MW Champ, and prelim fights have been given more of an opportunity to survive than Izzy got that night
He was staring at the floor?? did you even watch the fight? He’s attempting to duck bellow a strike which he does with mild success it doesn’t hit clean and the ref stops it.  That was an early stoppage. It wasn’t the worst one I’ve screen at all, but you shouldn’t be able to beat the champ by landing a couple good strikes on him and not even dropping him after he dropped you AND dominated you for 20 mins…
FYI: looking at the ground and letting your opponent use your head as a speed bag is the best base for mma.
Kratos
Like his best impression of Jon Jones
Yeah maybe he'll actually try to knock him out, rather than just focusing on points and trying to stay near max range.
I want D1 Adesanya
He doesn't keep scores, he settles them...even though he hasn't settled it in 3 fights as of yet
To be fair he is very game to keep trying again against him, and has memed about this being his "final life" like in gaming when you keep losing to a boss character. He actively sought to fight Alex pretty quickly as challenger too, didn't duck him at all. Izzy does say a lot of dumb things but he is pretty game with fighting the best.
> But Izzy has been saying he isn't keeping score and that none of the talk has been bothering him  The words of a man who is totally bothered and is absolutely keeping score lmao
Nerdiest comment. Super lame. I say this as a physician. You even needed parenthesis to explain the difference in fluids.   For this I award you no points.
Never smart to fight with emotions. While homeboy is coming in still cold and stoic 🗿
I reckon Israel finishes Pereira in this one
He's always like this before fights, that's why most people root against him during the media appearances. Costa was clowning him during the press too lol
The casuals forget quickly, whatever fits their narrative
Cheers 🍻 enjoy the fights
bro Izzy has always done odd shit based on movies/shows he likes.  >The collar is a reference to the 2005 action film 'Unleashed', starring Jet Li
University of Kiss my ass ese
Is Alex known to use them?
What you’re saying is great until you factor in that izzy has lost to the guy 2 other times
idk man maybe his literal manager taking about   >For all those idiots out there, any fighter under the UFC banner can take 2-3 liters of IV as long as it's done by a nurse or a professional. Next week, I'm gonna expose everybody. Islam Makhachev is the pound-for-pound king.  then *deleting* the tweet. the problem isnt if it's legal under UFC/USADA rules  though. because literally ALL iv use is banned under the commission in Perth, so it was still illegal.   obv you didn't read the whole article. it's a lot more incriminating than a swollen titty.
[removed]
I know for sure that you can’t grow a titty from smoking weed
I get the feeling you might be the one with zero clue.
I am one of those people. Izzy seemingly is not since it showed up conspicuously several fights into his UFC career.
That is not the case with izzy, he never had Gyno growing up nor in his professional career until a few years ago. Realistically only two explanations, either he’s using PEDS and stoped using an AR or he got on Finasteride which stops T from converting into DHT, that can lead to an excess of E2 which can cause Gyno if you’re sensitive to it. Speaking from experience, little as 3 months you can develop breast tissue if you’re sensitive to Estrogen.
Clearly not Izzy's case cos he's a freakin pro fighter, not some pudgy random
Not sure why you're being downvoted.  This is factually true. The vast majority of gynecomastia cases in men are from puberty.  With that said, Izzy is on PEDs...just like everyone else is...
You literally need glasses
[Here's a video by More Plates More Dates](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGa7ZV7MvPA) from 2020. I think he has done more than one follow-up video since then.
Similar to a max holloway i guess. Dominant champion at his peak looses to another and cant seem to be able to beat him. You are right we have seen that, i just feel like izzy has more than just fighting as his interests. Maybe fasion. Although i wouldn't be surprised if alex follows him there for troll content
I have a feeling if he loses he may end up being one of the first to try and give wwe a shot.
Pretty easy to understand what I wrote ✌🏼
they'll be 1-1 in mma, that and the "story" aspect of it is too rich for the UFC to just let die. who would either person fight that would be a bigger drawl, B?
I guarantee if Izzy wins they'll fight again
You're so confidently incorrect, it's funny.
That’s due to lack of entertainment. Ppl weren’t salty when he beat Rob the first time or Costa. Only when he oversells and under delivers vs Yoel/Vettori/Cannonier
I’ve been salty since he stole the W from Kelvin
No, I’m just saying it how it is. Look back at the threads. When Izzy beat Costa he got his praise which was due. When Islam beat Charles he got his praise. When Jon beat Gane ppl gave him praise despite not likening him.   I never liked those “Can’t wait to taste the sub’s tears when x loses” comments. They seem like they’re trying to be edgy. They must never be satisfied unless they only sort by controversial and focus on the few salty comments, bc the sub doesn’t get as salty as they imagine. Close decisions where someone the sub likes loses is when u see the salt  U can like Izzy and think he’ll win (I think he will), but don’t act like if he wins impressively this sub won’t give him respect
Yeah he got sent to the shadow realm in the 2nd, i kinda just forget about it since it wasn't MMA
Of course I wouldn't call Colby a bitch in person, he can beat the shit out of me.
The implication that anyone would ever willingly be in the same room as Colby
I mean if they called him a pussy, that’s different. But a bitch? Totally acceptable
You are delusional. He is not accepting his 2nd loss, saying his leg just suddenly died from the perenial whatever nerve RIGHT when Alex landed the left hook that sent him to another dimension, his twitter things, getting annoyed at production staff, come on bro.
>   If anything, suffering from gyno tit would suggest that he's ~~not~~ a~~n~~ ~~experienced~~ cheater.
What an absolutely wild response after what you originally said 🤦 Cmon man
But it would suggest that he’s an inexperienced cheater, meaning he did that shit badly.
Lol man you might be right but this is a wild cope
>USADA or the commission put an official in the hotel room of every fighter between weigh-in and fighting?  Fantastic suggestion. If that's what it takes to maintain competitive integrity at the highest level, then so be it. I'm not saying this should be a thing for ALL fights, that would be pretty unrealistic. It would be for just the title fights
Mentioned that he was staying out of it, yeah. It's all on Hooker
No, he's definitely accusing Alex. The talk is that he is too big for the weight class and he is accusing him of rehydrating after hard cuts.   It would be really weird to accuse Islam of cheating again a day before his fight when he had months and months to do so and even several interviews and conferences before fight week.  EDIT:   He also said this: >USADA, monitor us from the moment we get off the scale till we hit the arena on Saturday. Have people take shifts if they have to…no loopholes to jump here.  So unless he is planning on fighting Islam this Saturday, its about Poatan
Who else and why else would it be anyone else?
I mean, you can't blame anyone for hating on Izzy right now, he's digging his own grave with how he's been acting recently
One time, Snoop Dogg came in here, and sat in this chair. I say, "Snoop, you hang out with Nate Diaz. Just between me and you, how heavy is Nate Diaz?" Know what Snoop told me? He said "Hey, Nate Diaz weighs a hundred thirty-seven tons." A hundred and thirty-seven tons!
[removed]
Lol what a clown The angle from the fight is behind Alex's back the angle you can see replayed is from the side.  What a venomous response. What an angry life you must live lol
Oh come on with looking at his feet?! The ref literally stopped a huge shot from landing to his dome as soon as he stopped it, with ZERO defense to izzys head.
those prelim fighters youre talking about werent getting clobbered by "hands of stone"
The copium is strong with this one. "Dominated you for 20 min" roflmao imagine saying that and then saying somebody else didn't watch the fight. I can see by your user name you def lost some money betting on izzy, so i cant really blame you for being salty he lost.
Bruh Izzy was hunched over looking at the ground with both his hands down. He wasn't just ducking, he kept looking at the ground. He couldn't even see where the shots are coming from anymore and didn't defend himself with his hands, that doesn't look like active defense to me
LawyerCowboy
Tell me you didn’t watch the third fight without telling me you didn’t watch the third fight.   Alex got saved at the end of the 1st.
So you want Izzy to fight closer in range to a guy with a deadly left hook and is 30 pounds heavier than Izzy come fight night? When Izzy almost finished him in the 1st?  Your casual is showing
Right??? Like let's goooo. Flying arm bar I mean at this point just throw whatever. It's gonna be good.
The score is currently unsettled. It’s 1 and done. The other 3 gifts were in the post and don’t matter anymore, let it go
Wearing pikachu denim jackets
Alex throws too much shade for izzy to never be on his mind though. It’s definitely not the same so don’t think I’m suggesting that
Izzy literally always fights with emotions, that's why he started the beef with Whittaker over the most random things so he could get himself into being angry with him.
Izzy was being bitchy like this during the Brunson and Costa build ups
I swear, out of every fighter, Izzy has one of the largest gaps between his talent and his likeability. He could be such a star if he weren't the *fucking worst*.
I was wondering what that was
I knew what it was from. Still silly, corny and looks like a snowboard binding. It’s fine though, I can appreciate Izzy has some personality even if it’s kinda cringe
That is an awesome movie
Not sure, but if anyone is using one its gotta be him. How the fuck does he weigh in at 185 then walk into the cage at 215.
Prove him wrong.
Yes in kick boxing, the only loss he has to him in mma was a very competitive fight where he almost finished his opponent and winning on points so getting “ready” implies he needs to improve a great deal and it makes no sense when you look at how the fight went. He will need to deal with the leg kicks and I’m sure they had enough time to come up with a plan. I am not saying it’s guaranteed to work but you guys are talking nonsense when you say shit like he doesn’t think he’s ready lol
That statement was made in response to morons saying IV usage was illegal in general. Not saying that Islam used a fucking IV lol.  And if it was THAT OBVIOUS, then why hasn't USADA or the UFC said or punished Islam for it?  Gyno titty that seems to pop up weeks before a fight is scheduled is like a fucking walking billboard however.
I had read plenty of articles with that tweet from Ali bonehead. By concrete, I mean something that is visible, something that can be used effectively to condemn Islam. The nurse or anything that on the same level Gyno of Izzy
There is nothing in that article that is noteworthy. Everything was posted on this subreddit. And it definitely does not indicate that Islam cheated.  So yea, cope.
Marijuana use can cause gynecomastia.  I don’t think it’s actually what did in this case, but it can give you bitch tits.
Who said you can? It’s a side effect of antidepressants, which Izzy is probably on.
Oh word yeah me too I got that shit cut out though good luck bro LMK if u need advice with that
Excuse me a single pronounced titty it is a well know side effect of casual marijuana consumption
> Not sure why you're being downvoted.  Ummm....duh? It's because he comes across as defending Izzy, saying if he does have it then it's because he got it during puberty. The only other reason to post that is because he's just leaving a weird random fact, and the average Redditor isn't going to consider that over the more obvious reason of him defending Izzy.
Somebody gonna show me?
The difference between him and Holloway is Pereira is way more likely to be beaten by guys in weight class than Volkanovski is. A guy like Vettori has the capability to dominate Pereira, and then Izzy is immediately in title contention again.
>Similar to a max holloway i guess.  Probably better. If Pereira wins there's a good chance he either moves up or gets beat by a wrestler. So Adesanya could get that title back pretty soon. If he's then ready to defend it again against Pereira after having lost 4 times is of course another story...  Just imagine what a fifth loss would do to him mentally.
I don't think he'd be good at it but I think he'd love it.
My brother in humanity, I merely stated my opinion that I used to like them but once they started throwing baseless cheating accusations at their opponents after losing, I started to dislike them. This outlook is completely reasonable, I am not sure what your issue is honestly.   And yes they don't care, but that's immaterial to my point.
Seems like the obvious fight to make if they draw at 1-1, but has that ever happened before? 3 straight championship fights with the same two fighters?
People absolutely were salty when he beat Costa, there were a shit ton of people coming up with all kinds of excuses. People were salty after the Rob rematch too.  Basically after the 1st Rob fight, people have been salty about every fight he's had except the one he lost where all the salty people finally had something to be happy about.
Think it was this [one](https://gfycat.com/anotheranchoredilladopsis-mixed-martial-arts-mma-invincible)
[removed]
He literally said Alex invested in leg kicks which compromised his legs and gave him props for it.
No, he brought up the IV on Helwani's show. He's not absolved, Eugene was in on it too
Volk mentioned it on Helwani which was recorded before Hooker's rant. Lol
He seems to be taking a shot at the loophole which is a reference to the Islam/volk fight. Look at his actual tweet.  > Fine then, I’ll just use an IV to rehydrate. What’s the “legal loophole limit” again?  He's saying he might as well abuse the loophole as well since this loophole exists. Even in the tweet you posted, he's literally clarifying it's about a loophole. He isn't accusing Alex of anything here. I have no idea how you read it that way
I just don’t think this sub is full of body composition and human anatomy experts. I got downvoted to shit for explaining ganes physique was mostly genetic and I provided a legitimate source with a case study. If someone with a phd in an anatomy or sports sciences that studied anabolic steroids claimed that’s what’s happening to Izzy I’d believe them but cherry picking images off google to compare to Izzy is absurd because you can easily find gyno pictures pre and post surgery that don’t look similar whatsoever.
[removed]
He was moving his head, actively trying to defend himself and avoid the KO shots
Copium? LOL casuals these days   Men lie, casuals lie, numbers don’t!  http://ufcstats.com/fight-details/04f32bb0c0d3a8cc  Looks like Izzy winning all four rounds in dominant fashion and it just getting progressively more dominant until the end.   The only round the striking was close Pereira got dropped and saved by the bell.   GG EZ
Yes, I’m sure you could teach the man with over 100 pro fights how to better defend himself 😂   Thanks tips
This fucking sub, how is that comment upvoted?  And in one of their kickboxing fights Izzy dropped Alex too.
Alex took a late shot that was the one that did the main damage and was also not defending himself. Izzy was winning but that moment has been overhyped
That was like one moment though
Yes, because I want to see Izzy try to finish the fight at all costs from an entertainment perspective. If Izzy can almost knock him out (even though he hit him after the bell), then maybe it's possible if he doesn't fight so defensively.
He needs to something besides his usually ticky tack bullshit. He’s already lost 3 times to this dude. Logic (and the definition of sanity) would suggest he ought to do sth different.
Sheesh Alex is starting to get comically bigger than Izzy similar to Nate vs Conor.
Agreed, I think people think because Pereira’s delivery is monotone he doesn’t care. Dude plays constant head games and tbh Izzy has always been emotional. Win or lose I don’t think his demeanour as of late is very different
Yeah and I get that but you have to admit this is different. Izzy was undefeated until the dude that beat him twice came over to MMA and TKO’d him while he was at the top of his game holding the belt. That’s got to sting bigly.
Dude has like 6-7m Instagram followers so some people are buying what he's selling
I always say this but if you watch his YouTube rather than just his press conferences when he’s cutting weight the dude seems chill. Usman, Francis, Volk, and Leon all speak highly of him. Y’all just get freaked out cos he’s a bit quirky.
I don’t like him either but he’s still a huge star no matter how unlikable he is. He has a huge fan base.
Usman is the same
To the people in this sub. Outside of this sub he's pretty well liked. There's a reason he's got millions of followers and his YouTube videos is probably one of the most popular amongst mma stars. Hell, even him and Whittaker are yin good terms now. This sub has always had a hate boner for the dude. That doesn't mean he's the 'fucking worst '.
Not Jon Jones? Saying cringey shit is worse than what Jon Jones has done?
redditor hate boner for Izzy is at full mast rn. fully complete with fake narratives & armchair psychological evaluations of his mental state.
okay why would you defend the usage of IVs if your fighter didn't even use IVs??? wouldnt you just say "Islam didn't use any IVs, end of discussion".    you don't find it completely fucking obvious?
That devolved pretty quickly.
>	Ummm….duh? It’s because he comes across as defending Izzy,  Is that what you think downvotes are for? You think you’re supposed to downvote someone who has a different opinion than you? Really showing how simple you are there chief.
[Gynosanya](https://twitter.com/d7auz_kei7/status/1644318039075360770?s=46&t=5Uy7ticgHGJ2a7AOCiaErQ)
Buddy’s just making excuses to see a titty pic lmao
[https://twitter.com/stylebender/status/1644035515073585152/photo/1](https://twitter.com/stylebender/status/1644035515073585152/photo/1)  &#x200B;  that gyno is horrendous
I like this response more, thank you for finding the time to write it so I’ll respond in kind.  I disagree with what you’ve said about baseless though - taking into account that Islam rehydrated via IV with his own private nurse in a state (WA, Australia) that had banned IV rehydration altogether and allegedly used far more than the 200ml/12 hours limit (was it 120ml? I can’t quite remember) based on Ali’s tweet that he promptly deleted… I’d say Alex had legitimate reason to be annoyed.  He had everything stacked against him leading into this fight and then Islam also does this?  The CKB boys did get nasty towards Islam for this but they were just backing their own. Easy to say they were whinging from an outsiders perspective but try and see it from their point of view. One of their own almost made history - fell only a fraction short and then within hours they find out that there was some fuckery afoot too.  I like both guys and both camps - but this result left me feeling like the win was tarnished so I can empathise with how they would’ve felt.  I should’ve been nicer to you though, it’s not like you IV rehydrated and hurt me in the process.
Figueiredo and Moreno fought eachother three times in a row, Moreno had one more fight, and then faced eachother a fourth time. Figueiredo has fought Moreno in four consecutive fights, it’s crazy.
It's looking like it'll happen with pena and Nunes rn
I was gonna say Stipe and DC but I think Derrick Lewis fought DC in between
https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/j0kx41/spoiler_israel_adesanya_vs_paulo_costa/  Most of the comments are: A: praising Izzy, B: trashing Costa for doing nothing, or C: asparagus guy who lost a bet  Rob rematch was lackluster and very close. Some ppl felt Rob won, but it wasn’t anywhere close to the Paddy-Gordon backlash
[removed]
Welllllllll Derek from More Plates More Dates did it….soooooo ummmm akward
oh my lord, without rewatching id say he was on at the very least 12 unanswered strikes to the head, swaying and wobbling with the fence holding him up, looking directly down while eating huge hooks to the head from an absolute monster. Another hook headed directly to his head, which obviously he couldn't see coming while having his hands at his side.
Sniff up that copium brother
Pereira never got dropped and it was 3-1 going into the fifth. Even if they didn’t stop it there was like 3 minutes left and izzy probably would’ve lost the round 10-8 making the fight a draw
Exactly that point my dude. Izzy has amazing defense. He was so rocked he wasn't defending himself at all and just eating shots, with his hands down all while not even looking lmao.
Lol nahhhh
Because he is immensely talented. No one is arguing otherwise. He just happens to be a bitch as well.
Oh, totally. Dude comes off super humble and "chill" drinking wine in a silk bathrobe while mispronouncing fighter names and stumbling through shoddy fight predictions. Amazing fighter, but Izzy is so cringe he gives people neck spasms.
Usman was definitely more likeable before he won the title.
I dunno, the Izzy white knight defenders are pretty crazy too. Acting like he hasn’t put out three or four wet farts of a fight after talking max shit and playing very safely
you clearly do, and that's all that matters
Because he thought it was legal so what he was trying to say "you're accusing him of legal behavior, end of discussion." It is only obvious that his manager admitted guilt if you want to see it that way. But on another note do you think Islam's manager was there when this alleged IV was being used? Like is he just hanging out after the weight cut? Idk man. I think it's probably just some salty bitches.
show me a man with a tit (or two) and i show u a friend
Y'all need to step foot in a gym lmfao, asymmetrical muscle development is common especially with age.
> taking into account that Islam rehydrated via IV with his own private nurse in a state (WA, Australia) that had banned IV rehydration altogether and allegedly used far more than the 200ml/12 hours limit (was it 120ml?  I would definitely agree with you (and them) only if there was a shred of credible proof of this. And seeing that they have not opened up an official complaint with the WA commission in months, I suspect they have no evidence.   >I should’ve been nicer to you though, it’s not like you IV rehydrated and hurt me in the process.  No way am I getting in the cage with you, IV o no IV, when you see red, you are unstoppable.
Oh shit asparagus guy forgot about him lol
Lol you rewatching the finish or you truly are a top professor
So if they didn’t stop the fight Izzy stays champ, yea I know thanks tips
Calling a pro fighter a bitch while you sit at him, eat your Cheetos and watch him fight lmao
30% likeable
Very much up their with Strickland for "talks like he's gonna murder the dude then point fights"
Yet you will watch every fight. Acting like Izzy fights are not exciting to watch because of a few duds is nice revisionist history. Both Whittaker fights were good, gastelum fight is one of the best of all time, all his fights up to Whittaker were good, Costa fight was good, the Alex fight was really good. And this next one will be too
I mean, yeah, there's literally no reason for him to defend against hypothetical IV usage unless Islam used IVs & he's trying to prepare a built in excuse. Like what would even be the point of him arguing about the amount of IV fluid being legal if Islam didn't even use IVs? please explain this, because it makes absolutely no logical sense.
you're proving my point though. that's prob why he deleted the tweet buddy.   read the article  >At this point, you’re probably thinking this is a whole lot of hullabaloo since Makhachev didn’t even use an I.V., right? Well, if you start to look at all the statements from Makhachev’s team, you may notice no one has said the words, “Islam Makhachev did not receive an I.V.”  >But, it actually goes deeper than that: lots of athletic commissions have flat-out banned the use of I.V. hydration. Commissions like the Government of Western Australia’s Combat Sports Commission. And UFC 284 took place in Perth, under its jurisdiction.   it turns out, it was actually illegal for any amount in Perth the whole time! he was trying to apply the built in excuse until he realized that it didn't even apply, plus there is credibility issues if he gets caught flat out lying for Islam. why did nobody from Islams team just flat out deny IV usage I wonder????
Hey buddy
You can clearly see the difference between his chest muscle and the fatty tissue around his right nipple that causes it to hang lower.   This is coming from someone who’s been in the gym daily for the last 10 years around bodybuilders, powerlifters, and strongman competitors.   >	asymmetrical muscle development  Legit never heard of anyone trying to play off gyno as asymmetrical muscle development. It’s a good one.
You can't be serious
If they were perfectly symmetrical they’d still be titties, that’s not what a developed chest looks like.
Lmao just seen the fight + highlights a bunch of times. That ending had me shook.
How much you betting on Izzy tonight?
i really, really don't care
No bro it's just asymmetrical. Don't worry about the overdeveloped breast tissue that just happened one day. It's just late puberty bro.
It's just the angle, bro
Why act as if you have any idea what you are talking about lol.
The genshin impact community is now here to set the record straight on fitness and human biology, thank god.
However much you betting on alex
Ah yes your r/nba experience qualifies you to talk about fitness.
Yes, the guy who understands about "fitness and human biology" is definitely the one who mistakes gyno for "asymmetrical muscle development" LMAO
LMAO GOTTEM
He's right to take Jorge very seriously.  Regardless of the fact that he is a rightful favorite, no one should be taken lightly especially a guy who is as experienced and crafty as Jorge. He has legitimate good skills despite being outworked and manhandled in his last 3.   Peak masvidal on his best day can definitely best Burns on his worst day and that's exactly what you should prepare for and be ready for all his threats, rather than dismissive.
I always get confused how little ufc fighters really prepare in that aspect.  Replay analysis and watch tapes is super important in almost every major sport.  Some ufc fighters just train spinning elbow and how to be a warrior.
Film study is one of the most underrated aspect of the sport. All of the best champions are huge into film study. GSP even talks about in his book how he would study the "frame data" of fighters to gauge their reaction time and how BJ Penn had the best he'd seen and he used that data to gameplan against BJ. The fact that Burns is really taking film study seriously speaks well to his chances and not overlooking Jorge's strengths.
film study is a reason i like Adrian Yanez — he thinks other fighters are dumb for not watching film
Self-awareness. A difficult but important trait in life for sure.   Tbh, I wouldn't mind reading an independent report of just how different a person I am in real life vs in my own mind. I'm probably a much bigger asshole in real life.
GSP, Khabib and Jon Jones all did it, so it seems to be effective.
Burns honestly seems super locked in this fight. Not looking past jorge at all. It's gonna be a rough night for masvidal.  Masvidals only hope was that burns might underestimate him, but that's not happening
He's right. Masvidal is a reasonably sophisticated striker who just happens to love to scrap as well. The setups for his strikes are always very technical, his counter striking and slips are underrated, and he has one of the best body kicks in the game
I do alot of film studying and with my little notebook, take notes and if i, who is not even an amature fighter, was able to apply the thing that i wrote, in a couple of squabbles that i had, imagine a pro fighter with coaches. I love that Burns is is a film buff, Masvidal also is big into the studying aspect
Im one of Gilbert's scouts. In the Wonderboy fight, he punched himself in the face. Big mistake.
Never underestimate opponent. Good on gilbert
When Damian Maia raves about your BJJ, yeah... you don't underestimate that guy.
Gilbert is a very smart person.
I think if Jorge wasn’t 38, he’d be favored over Gilbert at any other point in his career.   If he’s still performing at a high level, he can defend the wrestling and tune Gilbert up. We’ll see if he is
My theory is whenever a fighter gives credit to his opponent before the fight, it means they are going to absolutely destroy that opponent.   I remember Mayweather trying to convince the press that mcgregor had a chance…
"smarter than people think" is such a fucking delicious back hander 🤌
Always makes me cringe when fighters pre fight do the whole “I dont worry about what they’re doing, I’m confident in my abilities” etc.   Bruz you should be worried about what they’re doing, you should be as prepared as you can be, you should study the shit out of them. But what do I know I just man the fryers at PF changs
I'm really excited for this fight. 2 fighters who are peaking mentally and just starting to decline physically but still have that athleticism and power.   The fight is great matchmaking for Masvidal and terrible for Burns but I think he still has a touch more physicality and is just excellent enpugh at everything to make it look easy on the right night. The odds are so kind for Mas though in Vegas it's kind of a no brainer who to put my money on.   Burns is hittable, can get in his own head visibly when the fight isn't going well and Mas doesn't usually get tapped. Crazy how everyone says Mas is washed cause he's old and they're almost the same age too. Gonna be a fun Saturday.
Aren’t the coaches supposed to be doing?
There’s a reason Jorge was never knocked out. His defense (striking and takedown) is top tier
Put it this way: Gamebred has his back against the wall having lost his last three fights. He’s fighting in his home town on a huge card. He’s mentioned retirement if he loses this fight, meaning he is burning the boats. The man knows what’s at stake and he’s not the type to back down.   Expect him and ATT to game plan, set traps and look for a finish because Gilbert is dangerous and can go all three rounds.
I don’t think Jorge is smarter than people think. Guy is dumb af.  He’s got good hands though.
Love this take. I know calling Masvidal a bum is in right now but the guys still a dangerous veteran with no huge technical gaps- Burns should be the clear favourite, but only if he comes in looking like the Burns we've seen recently, any overconfidence could be the difference.
Not to mention on the feet Mas fights like a hungry dog
Yeah, I don't understand why people keep shitting on Masvidal. The dude's loss streak is against the No. 1 contender and the multi-year champ, and even then, no one expected a Usman KO win.   &#x200B;  Does anyone else want to step into the octagon with Usman and Covington?
Wow a reasonable top comment.   Tbh burns almost had usman out of there. He seriously had him wobbling for minutes. He was close to beating khamzat too.   Burns is the most underrated at 170
This sub massively underrated Jorge because he's a journeyman whose wrestling isn't elite. His striking is very good for someone who learnt on the streets. It's clear he's dedicated to his craft.
Anybody can win on any given night as they love to say right
Peak Masvidal could beat Burns on his best day as well, sadly he’s nowhere close to his prime anymore.
Not exactly a Masvidal fan, and I love burns mentality and fighting style. That being said, I think this is a way closer fight than people are saying
In the Masvidal-Cowboy fight, the commentators mentioned that Cowboy watches literally no tape on his opponents, and made his coaches do it cause he just didn't care... that shit blew my mind.   How are you gonna be at the highest level of the sport and not scout your opponents because you wanna look hard/like you don't care, so dumb. Jon Jones has the right idea 100%
Unfortunately, in many ways "professional MMA fighter acts like a professional" is still noteworthy enough to be a headline...
I think it has to do with learning styles. If you're not super passionate about it studying tape is kinda like being in school and for most of these guys if they were good at school they wouldn't be UFC fighters. It's easier for them if they can just focus on what's on front of them and let the coach feed them information. Like how some people can sit down, listen to instructions and understand an idea but other people learn better by just doing the thing and having you guide them as they do it.
The only ones I know who watch tape and scout their opponents ahead of time before Gilbert, are Jones, Cejudo, and GSP.  GSP was even using frame data like it's a fighting video game.
Shit I just trane the elbow it’s not like the dudes gonna survive I don’t even need the warrior part
Watching tape is a bit of a double edged sword in this game. There is such a thing as being so caught up in defending their game, that you end up neglecting to implement your own.
This is why I lost respect for Charlie Olives, bc he constantly says he will never rewatch his recent loss.   How can you learn from your failures if you refuse to confront and learn from them?
For some opponents, especially high level, you may not want to watch tape after tape of your opponent MURDERING other good fighters.  I imagine it could be possible to become intimidated.   Depends on both the fighter and their opponent.
How do you know about their preparation?
Stop talking. You literally have no idea, my guy.
Yeah fighters should switch it up way more often. They always have the same style and moves every fight.
I'm a big fan of petr yan but I feel like he'd be one of those kinds of fighters that watches no tape.
It's why Jon Jones, GSP and Khabib always seemed like such anomalies - they were obsessive about preparing for what their opponents could do, and how to shut them down and impose their own will as efficiently as possible
Jon Jones gotta be the goat of film study  Was literally cyber stalking Ciryl all fight week
I think I head Luke Thomas say some time back that he was hired by someone for tape study as well.. so fighters do this from time to time
> GSP even talks about in his book how he would study the "frame data" of fighters  dawg why ain't he in Tekken 7 or 8 he's pretty much a perfect fit  or Street Fighter for that matter (tto voice Abel)
yeah, i always found it weird when someone would say they wouldnt watch it. always just made me think that the fighter didnt want to overwhelm themselves or overthink things. but imo its a very good thing to do, its like studying for a test. im been watching mma for a long time, and something i noticed but never really talked about was how people throw punches. the way a fighter throws a punch never seems to change, even if they change camps. i always think of old fighters like keith jardine or rich franklin who both had weird ways of throwing a punch that never changed in their respective careers. if i was fighting someone, and i could see that tape, id watch it on repeat. get the timing, do they drop hands, if tagged what happens?, etc., etc.
On the counter some fighters get in their own head about the footage watched and get tentative to implement their own game waiting on the responses they have seen in tape over and over and struggle to adapt if the other fighter has made changes fight to fight.  I’m a huge proponent of tape study but other coaches I’ve talked to say it’s fighter to fighter if it’s a benefit or detracts.    Some guys get in their own head about it others are fine, as a result sometimes guys just have their camp and coaches watch and prepare them.
> BJ Penn had the best he'd seen and he used that data to gameplan against BJ  Who woulda thought that you needed to study 'frame data' to come up with the glorious plan of using vaseline
I don't think it's a huge deal if the fighter themselves don't do the tape study, as long as someone in their camp is doing it. At worst they should hire scouts to do the study.
Imagine having information on how the guy you’re literally going to fight fights and not checking it out
He's a must watch now
Self awareness is like a superpower for the few fighters that have it because the majority of them are straight up delusional.
You're not wrong but there's probably a good few fighters who also study tape religiously yet wound up knocked out and we just never hear about their preparation strategies
Looks like you're looking past Jorge
I mean you've gotta see the irony in saying that
You tellin me you stalked your enemies with a camera, filming their every move. Then spent hours watching that footage over and over until your mental sword was as sharp as obsidian. Waited until the right time to strike. Then settled that squabble with the quickness at the local Arby's?? Pretty badass brother.
Shit worked too lol
You take their responses too literally.
You heard of Kamaru Usman?
Also I think Burns' activity on the ground may be his undoing. Covington held a comfortable position without ever hunting a finish and Jorge looked helpless, whereas against Maia he was a constant threat to standup and get back to striking.   Imo Burns' striking will need to be on point tomorrow if he wishes to impliment a strong grappling gameplan.
>I know calling Masvidal a bum is in right now   I never stopped calling him one after he assaulted Leon
i can see jorge poking away with straight punches and frustraing burns while he heaves big round hooks.
True. He is certainly older now but I'm thinking Burns' hands will need to be at their best to ensure a clean victory, even if it is only to set up the TD threat.
Also a good amount of his losses are controversial split decisions. So his record coulda shoulda woulda been better.
Fuck it, I'll do it.
Plenty of people do, Usman just usually beats them and Covington refuses to fight anyone coming off a win if it isn't for a title.  Issue is Jorge has 2 good wins: Till and Askren. People are right to see him as both a live dog and overrated at his peak
Mostly new “MMA” fans. A lot of the haters were kids back in Masvidals prime days, or just way to emotionally invested into fighters. Crazy
He was boxing since he was a kid lol when he fought ray he was already in a boxing gym.
The whole "journeyman" label is so unfair too. Colby really memed it into existence.  Someone like Darren Elkins is a journeyman. A dude who would never break top 15, but is durable enough to get some semi-quality wins once in awhile and hang around. Jorge isn't a journeyman. He's been top 10 forever. He's a great fighter who's just a tier or two below the truly elite ones. No shame in it.
I've heard multiple fighters say that their coaches watch footage and come up with a game plan but they don't watch anything. I guess its good to have that much faith and trust in their coaches but I can't wrap my head around trying to execute a game plan without having watched any film on your opponent.
It’s why he never became champion despite having the skill set to do so. World class fighter who’s also a world class idiot.
People call diaz stupid but when the last minute change to Ferguson happened he was watching Tony fight clips in the middle of whatever concert he was at
That didn't blow my mind because of the fact that it was Cowboy. Dude fought like 5 times a year and was always upfront about not really caring about it. He was never gonna watch tape.
Cerrone is one of the most aggressively stupid people on Earth so it's really not surprising at all
So stupid imo. You can tell Cejudo watches a fuck ton of film and he really notices tendencies and shit and highlights strengths and weaknesses and openings well. I've noticed some of the things he's said before and then seen him say it later and it felt good to be validated and not just on some Steven Seagal shit lmao. Also O'Malley vs Yan when his coach said to throw that shifting overhand left I actually noticed Yan kept leaving that opening before his coach said that and I thought it was dope as hell when he actually said that and then it worked. Stuff like that is what I love about fighting the most, the chess match of it and split second adjustments and reactions
Theory: cowboy openly struggles with anxiety when stepping into the cage, potentially he’d be even more nervous watch a guy he’s fighting win. So he lies and says he’s too cool for film when in reality it’s stressful
Funny thing is Cowboy said he didn’t even know who Masvidal or Till were prior to them knocking him out. If you watch the end of the Masvidal fight, Masvidal goes up to Cowboy and tells him “do you know who I am now?”
you don't want your fighters watching too much tape. Cowboy saying that was considered disrespectful at the time because he was acting like he had never heard of Jorge. as long as someone is watching and game planning (which i don't think Cerrone team did well) then it's okay.  michael chiesa just admitted recently on the helwani show to what everyone says happen when fighters watch tape. he got himself psyched out before the Luque fight because he had to be his own scout. i think the best way to do it is to find the tendencies you're trying to exploit and show a fighter those.
My only argument for that is that he wanted to stay true to his style. If he scouted each opponent, he’d have to adjust his style to them. If he finds that he’s in there thinking about the opponent’s tendency vs a natural flow, it would slow him down if even for a few split seconds. Or if he was second guessing throwing strikes he naturally throws, he might be more open to getting hit.  These are just guesses,I absolutely think watching film himself would’ve been beneficial
Well cowboy was never at the highest level and always got stopped by the higher echelon
Not doing it to look cool and not doing it because you feel it's a waste of your time are two different things.
Lazy non champ
I'm not a fighter, but I can understand not watching tape and leaving it to the coaches.  Knowing me, I'd try to pick up on some sort of twitch and then wait for it the entire fight and have him never do it. There's a reality where watching tape or assuming you're going to get the exact same fighter ends up playing against you
Around that same time I also noticed Cowboy was dipping tobacco before the fight.    I started betting against him in every fight he was in after that and it payed off pretty well.
>how some people can sit down, listen to instructions and understand an idea but other people learn better by just doing the thing and having you guide them as they do it.  i'm so fucking dumb i literally need both of these
Nah it's same for soccer players. If you don't love to watch the games and analyst them to the smallest details like your coaches do so you wasting your time. All of the top players love to breakdown each player to the smallest details like messi does
I imagine that being pretty expensive for the average fighter. GSP once said he would always invest in his training
I think the point is to watch tape on you and your opponent.  Understand and mitigate the risk posed by your tendencies and exploit your opponent’s.  Maybe some fighters don’t have the level of in fight control or iq to make use of this sort of thing, but if they can it’s only helpful.
just watch any interview or embedded.  At most the coach shows them some things he saw on tape a few days before the fight.
alright, lil bro.
The worst part is that he uses YouTube to do film study. UFC is too cheap to provide fight pass for their own fighters.
When he was watching him play fifa and got mad I was fucking crying
Mike Tyson was also known to watch film of his opponents. He's quoted as saying...  >“I watch him. I watch him till the day the contract sign so we’re in the dressing room we’re going into the ring. I look at them on my tape every night and when I go to my dressing room to get prepared, I’m watching until they call me out.“
That is why he doesn’t take short notice fights.
On the few occasions Jon Jones isnt just saying shit to toot his own horn and piss other fighters off, he gives fantastic analysis. Dude understands the game like few, would be a fantastic coach one day if he got his head out of his ass.
If I were a fighter, I'd look into that, especially with his ipad drawing system, LT breakdowns underrated
Someone should definitely do it, although from the fighters perspective I could see a benefit in having someone else do it for you. Rather than you risking to overthink things, then the coach helps you trying to improve, trying to fix your weaknesses etc.
Chuck had a unique way of throwing punches and holding his hands (since we're talking about that era.) I wonder how much of his build and form had to do with Hackleman having his fighters run around the woods with heavy wheelbarrows haha.  Anyways, I always assumed the people that say they "don't watch tape" are having their coaches do it for them.  Maybe so they don't focus too much on adapting to their opponents gameplan vs. implementing their own?  it would be silly if nobody at camp watched tape.
Very true but I do feel like guys who don't have that skill of being able to study tape are already at a huge disadvantage. If they're able to make up for that disadvantage with some other talents its fine but all the goats of mma study tape. Jon Jones, GSP, Mighty Mouse, Volkanovski are all very tape focused. Although there are prob a lot of great and even champ level fighters who don't study tape and don't have specialists that help them break it down and are still really good.
Some guys like Cowboy prefer to let the coaches since they prepare the gameplan and everything, but yeah, it's still weird, isn't it? Like, what are the cons of at least checking out the film yourself?
i think about how Jon said he and his team research opponents heavily so that when the fight comes, he knows which combos they like and how they react to certain punches and which positions theyre strong in etc— if you’re in the top 10 there’s no excuse to not apply that level of preparation
Imagine thinking you know better about how a professional fighter prepares for a fight
Ironic
You were being downvoted but you're right. Looking for common factors in select success cases doesn't paint the whole picture and leads to biased conclusions.
No one is saying watching tape is sufficient to win you a fight, but rather that it can help. You could reject any type of training on the basis that those who use it lose fights. You do cardio? Well people who do cardio lose fights. You train your boxing? Well people who train boxing lose fights.
Can confirm, I got jumped in an Arby’s parking lot by a guy that had been stalking me recently.
That’s why I was “was”…past tense.
I think that's why he said "Was" not hasn't ever 🤔
I think Masvidal's grappling instincts in general are kinda stuck in that 'old' mindset he had. He's way better at forcing himself to take the initiative in the striking, but his clinch offence and jiu jitsu is only ever on show when the opponent really presents openings, like you said- and even then, nowadays I think you need to make those openings much more obvious than before.   Shame too cause man that guy has some brutal dirty boxing that we get to see once every 5 fights.   Do you think Jorge's kick defence might be trouble for Burns? It's tough to say if his ranged tools still begin and end at 'calf kick' and a Masvidal on top form knows how to counter kicks with the best of them (i.e. Cerrone fight).
Yea when the fight got announced a lot of people were saying Burns is gonna steamroll him and Ko/submit him. It can happen but Jorge’s only been finished 4 times in 51 fights.
Even though I agree, I am not one to go down the "Well a decision win isn't an actual win" path.
Diaz and Cowboy don't count as "Good wins"?
>Askren  How tf do you ignore his fight vs cowboy but say that Askren was a legit good win?
Masvidal has WAY more than 2 good wins if you look further than the last 3 years
I agree, but Jorge looked absolutely shot against Colby.  I've been a fan since long before he got to the UFC, he's one of the most underrated technicians ever. Top 5 muay Thai in the history of MMA IMO, at his best he was amazing, but he's far from that now. His reactions were gone in the Colby fight, unless connected to weight cutting, fighters basically never get that back.  At his best I'd pick him to beat Burns without question, but he's not that guy anymore. Got the spotlight way too late.
also: its different to have a coach say "he is open when he throws a right hook" than to actually see and recognize patterns before even stepping in the octagon.  But thats a good thing, I suppose.  Shows that there are still levels ufc fighters can reach. The ufc champs of the future will be on a different level than 99% of fighters we see today.
Imagine doing that in any other major league sport...I guess it has to do with egos and how they build themselves up for a fight.
Anthony Smith said that recently on Helwani. I think it was Smith. I remember it being very surprising to me.   I bet it’s like that in all sports, though. The best of the best watch film and the others just get coached. It’s just that MMA and combat sports are so individualized that we get to hear more about each person.
Part of it is because it's a fight. Unlike other sports, someone is trying to mimic kill you.   You're trying to separate someone from consciousness by beating them or choking them. It's not like you're chasing a little ball around the field.   I've seen high level fighters, like Oscar De La Hoya, not make eye contact before a fight. It's got to be real hard to not get psyched out, no matter how tough you seem.   For instance, Cowboy also said he hated the fighting part of it. You can see him freeze up when fighters don't have that "friendly sportsmanship" vibe and went in there trying to hurt.   Not picking on him, just saying, it's more understandable in combat sports.
You can tell he never studied tape or made adjustments because so many southpaw fighters went immediately to the left body kick when fighting him.
Yep. That transition to the guillotine was lightning fast. And watching tape on Tony may have shown Nate some tells.
Also, I think Tony looking bad has been overstated.  Nate is a tricky guy to fight on short notice, especially one day’s notice. Especially after training for a guy like Jinglang
Bryce Mitchell says he'll throw you off the edge of the world for insulting Donald.
Cejudo's film analysis on his YouTube is great. After watching it, it's pretty obvious why he accomplished what he did. Him and Jon are the two best at in fight adjustments, IMO.
Its not a theory, he mentioned it in a JRE when they were getting on the piss. I think in reference to Mike Perry training at Jackson-Wink he said something along the lines of "they could give him insider information, like Cowboys scared of fighting" and that's why he split off from them.
Keep in mind that there are many tasks that can't be easily explained without showing so it doesn't matter how the student learns things in some cases. You're always gonna have to prime them with a lecture and hammer the lesson home thru experience.
On the brightside: Step 1 into being a ufc fighter
Imagine paying to see your own fight lol
Gotta say I thought it was hilarious when, before the Anthony Smith fight, he posted a screenshot or something like that of a cheap Smith highlights video on Youtube saying he was beginning to study his next opponent lol shit was just weird to see lmao
LMFAOOOOO absolutely brutal
Yet another thing that would never be an issue with a CBA. Add it to the list.
Wouldn’t be surprised if this largely has to do with them being contractors, the more perks you provide them the closer they risk them being classified as an employee
Yeah I agree that guys should learn to watch tape.  Imagine if another professional sport didn’t watch tape of the team they were playing. If Tom Brady went “no my team watches the footage and Bill tells me where the guys are going to be” hey man other sports don’t work like that, tape study is a skill that you have to learn coming up.  But again there are two sides to that coin.  If a guy is really better not watching tape then so be it.
There's probably an argument to be made that some fighters could get over-involved in tape, overthinking things and distracting themselves from their own training, so I can understand why some fighters prefer to leave *most* of the tape study to their coaches... but I don't think there's any valid reason to leave *all* the tape study to them. I mean sure, say "go away and report back to me on this", but surely you have to at least sit down and have the tape running as your coach explains what they've seen? You've surely got to at least watch through things once to make sure you understand what your coach is talking about!  I think another element here is also psychological. When you watch something repeatedly, you get more comfortable with it, and you feel safer being near it. When you avoid looking at somethings scary, you just get more scared. I'm pretty sure that most fighters would psychologically benefit from having extensively watched their opponent *before* getting in the cage with them in person, *even if* they aren't able to learn anything strategic from the tape. Just making yourself more familiar with your opponent will help you feel in control in the ring, which (within limits) will help you perform better there.
Exactly.  And if you look at other major sports, watching game tape of yourself and opponents is mandatory.
Imagine every other sport doing it and mma fighters thinking they shouldn’t.  Just sounds like fucking laziness from the fighters.  What is this, 2005?  Literally Jones, the goat is notorious for watching tape
Google survivorship bias
I mean the Usman KO happened in the past too, you don't exclude it just by using the past tense. You could've instead said he had a long stretch of not getting knocked out
What
All the guy said was that many of his losses arguably went his way. No one is going down the path of “decision wins aren’t wins” that’s just plain wrong and anyone who thinks that is a moron
In regards to the current WW picture? No Cerrone and Diaz mean nothing and aside from publicity he has never been a solid win at WW outside of the convoluted "Pettis lost to him after KOing the #1 contender" which was madness. Almost every top WW beats Nate, especially past 2015. Cerrone was a really good win though and I should have added in the last 5 years to qualify that.
A win against Nate diaz in 2019 should never count as a good win. Anyone else with less of a personality wouldnt have been able to catapult into fame with that mickey mouse winstreak he had.
Because the Askren fight is ancient at this point and the cowboy fight was 2 years before that. But yes, I should have added a "recent" qualifier to clarify what I meant. Jorge had a really good run at WW through the cowboy fight and respectable showings against Maia and Wonderboy before taking out then ranked #1 Till and #5 Askren
I reckon this is spot on. Compare last few fights to the Jorge of 7-8 years ago, even fights he "lost" like Hendo he looked dialled in. Straight up just doesn't have the sharpness anymore. Completely agree with getting the spotlight late as well.
Yeah, the thing about letting your coaches do everything is that you don't just have to 100% trust their ability to understand what they're watching, and 100% trust their ability to formulate the best plan on that basis.... you *also* have to 100% trust their ability to explain what they're seeing to you, *and* you have to 100% trust *your* ability to *understand* what the coach is telling you! And understand it so well that it's as good as seeing the thing yourself. That's a really high threshold of trust to have to meet!
100000%.  Kobe  (RIP) is the perfect example.  That dude left no stone unturned when it came  to maximizing his performance.  His detail series on ESPN+ was basically a nerd's guide to basketball.
It's a nerves thing but also you're not doing the game plan. Your coach is. He needs to determine the holes in your opponents game and train you for it. If you personally watch too much tape you might develop a tick which you definitely don't want.
To me, that's even more of a reason to watch as much footage as possible. You're fighting for your consciousness, thats gotta motivate someone to pick up on all the little details. If fighters can't watch someone on tape without getting psyched out, they probably shouldn't be fighting.
"Watch tape? Hell nah, let's just go skydiving or off roading"  - Cowboy probably
Tony looked so slow though.
I really don't, yes the last minute replacement changed his plans but he visibly still looked worse, I don't know how any one can look at those just desperate and honestly sad spinning shots and say anything but. Slower, more uncomfortable than ever being hit which I mean when your previous opponent is Li ain't a great look, he overall absolutely looked shit.
I think Tony prepping for Li makes your point worse. Li is a lightning fast striker and if that was prepared Tony then he’s done.
100% also Volkanovski as well. Volk and Cejudo combining brains would be unstoppable
"And go in with a left as Evanescence's Bring me to Life kicks in"
Man that must be one boring highlight video lol
!Breaking News!  New champ clause in UFC contracts includes bi-monthly Venum stipend of $8.75, one 20% off fight pass coupon per title defence, and three packs of Pepperidge Farm’s top sliced hotdog buns.
Fighting is a tad bit different than most sports
Imagine taking their words on camera so literally. You don't know what they do or don't do to prepare.
What ru arguing lol. Jorge had great defense that’s why he was never knocked out …I just assumed people would get it since that KO was so viral. I guess I could have said “…until usman”
Nate is one of the most unique fighters in the history of the sport. I don't care how "bad" he looks on paper. His durability is probably the best ever and he usually has the cardio to match. There's a reason guys underperform against him when they should have won easily on paper.  What's the last Diaz fight that was ever a walkover for the opponent? Ironically, it was Jorge.
Masvidal beat him better and more dominantly than anyone else ever did besides prime RDA. Conor scraped by, Josh knocked him out but it wasn't an ass whooping until then, Leon point fought and even then got staggered in the last round, Pettis actually lost to Diaz.
Exactly, against Bendo he was sharp, but Bendo exploited the ringcraft and initiative issues that never left Jorge. Insane technician, very misunderstood, even his defensive wrestling was excellent, but he's visibly deteriorated.
Especially when your coach is Joshua Fabia…
That’s exactly who I thought of first. Guys like him and Tom Brady did everything they could to win.   Jon Jones is like that. GSP was like that.
You should say this more often so people know this is a thing you think.
I don’t train but to me it seems like something you and your coach should be doing together so he can show you exactly what he sees and the important patterns you should recognize.
It's real easy to say that.   It's not like this is the early 1900s. Tape is easily accessible. If it's not super common for fighters to watch it, there's a reason.
Yeah fighting an awkward guy like Nate will do that
I agree with you. I think prime tony would have most likely won by doctor stoppage against Nate very convincingly.   I used to joke that Tony was the fighter Nate wanted to be. I'm going to imagine being almost 40 and taking several hard beatings isn't good for you.
WAKE ME UP INSIDEEEEEE
Smith has a 94.4% finish rate in his wins tf you talking about?
Yea, you have one particular opponent who you can literally watch all of their tendencies for yourself.  Imagine a fighter choosing not to.  It’s honestly insane
I feel that film study is even more important here because there's just two guys as opposed to the chaos of an entire team so there's too much going on at once for you to notice everything.  Tape study is big in boxing, and MMA is similar enough for it to be just as relevant.
Yea, the reason being that most fighters are dumb as rocks. Fighters still have the mentality that if they're not in the gym, they're wasting their time. Also, most fighters don't know what to actually watch for and recognize flaws and patterns.
How about being 38, coming off 4 losses including a disgusting KO from Chandler and a life-altering beating from Gaethje, and a career-changing knee injury all in a MMA career that has spanned nearly 15 years?  Be real, they both looked old and shot.
Getting into wars or Ktfo can shave years off a career. I truly believe that the beating put on him by Gaethje pushed him to the brink, then Chandler's frontkick pushed him over the edge. That KO was legitimately scary and they took several minutes getting him up. Even then he was still clearly concussed and if you told him he was on Saturn he'd probably have agreed then.  The Tony I saw doing sluggish ballerina spins made me outright sad given how he used to look.
I don't think they mean it literally either. Just enough to piece together what their coach tells them. I wouldn't go off of the bravado they put on when on camera.
I remember when he fought on the contender series he said "Im fighting Khabib style" and he was fighting a chinstrap guy from ACA. Bisping was not so sure but after the fight he was like "yep, Khabib style indeed"
I love watching Almeida expose the poor state of the heavyweight division.  &#x200B;  Bro started his career as a welterweight and now he's legitimately stronger and more muscular than all but perhaps a couple heavyweights (the select crop who aren't just obese 185 and 205ers)  &#x200B;  Even against legitimately big dudes like Blaydes, Aspinall, Pavlovich, Gane I think Almeida's grappling and athleticism is so sublime I don't think those fights are any less than competitive. I hope he ragdolls his way to and through a heavyweight championship
I think I'm in the minority, but I hope Almeida remains at HW.
I love Almeida putting these bum ass heavyweights on notice
whats crazy is after gane's last fight I'm almost positive he'd open as an underdog to this guy if they got scheduled.
If you listen closely, you can hear Shamil saying "I’m sorry, I thought this was America” while getting handcuffed.
When did we rename wrist control
Jailton is on the Jon Jones mission to prove heavyweight MMA isn’t real
This guy is for real. I was watching his highlights yesterday and watching him rag doll these behemoths is absolutely wild
I think he’s on a crash  course for a Jonny Bones matchup. One that I feel he might win, mind
Super impressed with Almeida in this fight. Abdurakhimov wasn't the best heavyweight by any means, but he should have been a decent challenge and Almeida just destroyed him. Can't wait to see if he keeps this kind of dominance going.
I thought this dude was eventually going to 205.
Is he big enough to fight Jones? In terms of size
He's got a lot of potential. Looking forward to see how he develops
2 on 1.
**Jailton will be the next HW champion**
I like Almeida at HW because in every fight since he's moved up he's weighed in a couple lbs heavier each time. Excited to see how thick, solid, and tight he can get
The "Dagestani Handcuff" as known to the MMA community is actually an American Folkstyle wrestling technique than Khabib learned from DC after joined AKA.   I think it was in one of Chael's videos.
Abdulmanap Nurmagomedov left his mark on MMA.   We can see pieces of Father Plan in the MMA-grappling of nearly every major org at this point. And that's even if we exclude specific fighters like Khaybulaev, Umar, Makhachev, and Izagakhmaev.
I think a fight against Blaydes wouldn't be very competitive.
Where did u get the info on him starting as a welterweight
Making welterweight sounds rough for a guy who last weighed in at 230
Same. He is a highly skilled grappler and clearly feels more comfortable among the obese boys.
I don't. He's got a size disadvantage, and he's gonna beat all the fat slobs at HW before he runs into a guy like Curtis Blaydes and gets derailed.  I'd much rather watch him destroy everyone at LHW.
For what it's worth a Brazilian commenter here told me that he said he plans to stay at heavyweight rather than bouncing back and forth between LHW-HW.
Shamil is more of a Bat-Dad than a Randy imo
“This is Dagestani handcuff brather.”  “NO IT IS NOT. I DON’T UNDERSTAND WHY EVERYONE CALLS THIS A DAGESTANI HANDCUFF. IT’S JUST A WRIST-RIDE.”
I doubt that, after the Stipe fight he’ll probably fight two more times, winner of the blades/Pavlovich and probably aspinall. Would be goated  if he defended for a fourth time and breaks the division record though.
Its been used in Sambo for many years as well so I don't think you can claim its strictly a folkstyle technique. Also Chael says a lot of things that I would take with a grain of salt. In fact , the first mention of a hammerlock was in a 16th century European wrestling book.
Yeah Brock did it to Mir in their second fight
Thank you, the amount of casuals who believe dagestanis invented wrestling is worrying. It's infuriating that established wrestling techniques are getting named after them because mma fans keep repeating it.
Yup. Brock Lesnar used it against Mir. He learned it from Erik Paulson.
Yeah it’s either called the two on one or the wrist lock
I think Blaydes is an equally skilled wrestler but is bigger and stronger than Jailton.  He's the worst matchup for Jailton at HW.  Other than maybe Jones.
https://www.sherdog.com/events/CKC-Conquista-Kombat-Championship-26639  https://www.sherdog.com/events/CFC-Cross-Fighting-Championship-2-49989  It lists him fighting at WW for these 2 fights, and his first pro fight the opponent was a WW too although no weight was listed for that fight
What are you talking about? It went perfect for Rumble Johnson
I'd much rather watch him embarrass the big boys at HW because I think HW is awful and seeing an undersized dude smesh them brings me joy.
I mean a lot of ranked heavyweights are basically just fat LHW, im sure Jailton can just eat a few burgers and be about as big as most of the division.
Curtis gets kod by guys who he should beat on paper. Im not convinced by him
THANK THE MMA GODS!
I'd be surprised if he fights after Stipe. I mean no one else is that exciting, unless Ngannou or Brock comes back.
Honestly, grappling is fucking old as dirt. We can probably find evidence of the "Dagestani handcuff" at ancient greek archeological sites.
Its common in all pure grappling, including BJJ. I'm saying Khabib started using it more and more effectively after that.
Big Nog really fed that bus a carrot though
And then pummeled Mir’s head repeatedly into the fence. Still one of the craziest ground and pound finishes
Don't you know wrestling was invented in 1957 by John Dagestan?
Sounds like Blaydes vs Jones would be interesting.
Yeah and he missed weight twice by >5 pounds.  Missed 185 twice as well
I do enjoy the violence also.  This is why lots of people loved when Lewis started smashing people left and right. People figured him out, and now are giving him some pretty nasty beatings.
Will it bring joy to you when he gets matched against skilled and bigger HWs and they shit on him? If not, whats the point?
It's just nowhere near as impressive, when you know the dude is legitimately talented. Also, fat HW is a slobberknocker division. I really don't care to watch a guy go out there and just lay and pray on these bigger dudes.
Yeah but why? He’s extremely talented. Beats most HW’s because most HW’s are bad. But he won’t win at the top, especially if he eats a few burgers. What’s the point? It would make sense if he was fighting every month and just didn’t wanna cut, but he’s not doing that. Just stick to LHW and climb your way up.
Yeah, call me a hater but I really think Jones is a bit worried about someone like Blaydes, who's a natural HW with good grappling.  I'd bet on him beating Stipe and riding into the sunset while tweeting he's the goat.
No, i will be a lil sad when he loses again because I like the way he fights.   But I would feel the same if he lost at LHW, and for the same reason.  But when he wins, him doing so at HW is much more entertaining for me lol
> I really don't care to watch a guy go out there and just lay and pray on these bigger dudes.  Lay and pray? Jailton Almeida has literally been to decision one time in 20 fights. And it was 5 years ago in Shooto Brazil.   I'm not sure you know what "lay and pray" means.
I mean that Khabib smesh style. Sure he can take down and beat all the fat shits at HW, it's just not that impressive to me. I'd much rather see him actually fight people at LHW.
Fair enough. I think you're in the majority here. It's just a difference in taste.
The mma on point guys are pretty damn solid. Been enjoying their content since the beginning. Glad they're doing so well for themselves now.
I'm loving MMA On Points new long-form videos. They have been fantastic!
This was such a great watch, was brought to my attention last night and thoroughly enjoyed this.
My favorite thing on YouTube,for the last 4 or 5 years my wife lets me watch it and leaves me be when the video drops
This was some good shit  Also, had no idea about Cro Cop. Cheating fuck
Doesn’t he have domestic allegations with his wife/gf?
He's a legend forever.
Wow. Amazing story. Can't believe he main evented over hulk Hogan and Goldberg and beat up big Nog and the kickboxing champion.  Bob Sapp comes across as such an honest and cool dude.
I wish the UFC allowed them to use their footage instead of them using stills but there's no way Dana would not require them to stop making scrutinizing videos.
10/10 recommend their videos on mma’s pro wrestling origins and the one on the history of kickboxing
TommyToeHoldShow was a staple of early MMA on youtube. Haven't seen the show in probably close to a decade now honestly but never miss an MMAonPoint video and get thrilled when it's one of his  Diaz 1 2 5 Stockton MFer 209 wut
Did they finally realize they could show actual footage and not just stills from fights?  I had to unsubscribe a few years ago because of that.   Loved the content, but I’m not looking for commentary over freeze frames of historic fights.
I absolutely love the info, but watching is a bit boring since they o my use images.
What did Cro Cop do?
I love Bob Sapp, but given the trajectory of his career I would take whatever he says with a huge grain of salt. Cro Cop didn't compete in K1 again precisely because they were going under and Pride had just secured the TV spot, and they snatched mirko and fedor. Given how fucking wacky and shady 2000s Japan fight business was (fighters were incentived to roid up and pride athletes were guaranteed to not be tested ever, yakuza gambing and fixing), the fight was a heavy mismatch between an accomplished martial artist and a genetic freak. The only reason Sapp was able to hang in with legends like ernesto in K1 was the size the glove sizes, and cro cop's match and him getting seriously hurt is what prompted him to start taking dives everywhere while collecting paychecks for a living.
[removed]
I appreciate that they respect MMA's pro-wrestling origins. There are a ton of interesting stories and characters from the early days and to write that off because it's pro-wrestling would be such a shame and wrong.
They use to, then they got in trouble and had to stop.
Yeah, that's me too. I didn't unsubscribe but i would enjoy way much their vids of they had actual footage, not images.
His gloves were stoned when he broke Sapp’s orbital
Why them and not every other channel on YT?  Did they not fill out some paperwork or something?
Should be noted that this is completely unsubstantiated and is just something that Bob Sapp said. Not to mention, what Sapp actually said made no sense at all.
Cause any channel that starts getting a reasonable amount of views gets the UFC legal department on them.
Cro Cops coach was known for stoning fighters gloves
How come nobody knows him for that then?
[UFC 287 Predictions are up](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/predictions/)  [Flair bets are here](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/12d8eu4/official_flair_betting_thread_april_06_2023)
Pereira did not even look that bad
Isn't the rip joe rogan thing like a 10 year old meme? How do people on Youtube not get tired of spamming it?
Easiest way to farm karma on reddit is to just reply to any comment on any thread in this sub with "that was a nasty line by you" then hop on your alt and respond to it with "You're a fucking punk dude"
Burns looks so much better than Mas
I haven't watched a ton of Masvidal's typical fight prep/interviews/outside the cage stuff other than the viral bits so maybe for people who have seen a lot of him he's acting normal...but I do really get major vibes that he's just soaking all of the experience of a fight week in one last time before he retires.
izzy accusing poatan of IV shenanigans. CKB hates IV
I respect Izzy for wearing the Lavalava for the Polynesian folks but I can’t get over that collar man. Strangest lead up to a PPV in a while
Pereira should wear suits more often. He looks like one of the twins from Breaking Bad. Great bad ass look for him.
Alex knocks him out again and his son climbs the cage to throw a leash at Izzy.
I just woke up from a fever dream in which Adesanya submits Pereira via armbar in the second round.   Get your bets in now, kids.
Yanez can't even collect his thoughts and speak properly. GOOD LORD!  Dehydration is a mofo
Don’t be like Joe pyfer be more like GM3 at +155 let’s go
Didn’t even need the booth damn
These interviews after weigh-ins have to be torture for the fighters. Just let them rehydrate
Bro interviewing masvidal right now seems like a hostage video
I feel like Dana could scratch the back of his head and spit out a cherry tomato like a Pez dispenser
Chris Weidman in this show particular today is like that fucking annoying guy in circles that refutes everything people say but everyone is too nice to call him out on it.
ima kill ya boy!  cold af Burns is going to destroy Masvidal
Lol at DC drinking beer and eating while hiding his gut with the belt. What a legend.
Prefight read:  Adesanya vs Pereira: in the first fight I thought Adesanya's experience in mma being so much greater would carry him to victory, and it almost did. He won a round based on top control, because Pereira didn't know to fight the wrist lock. He also utilized hand fighting when Pereira closed the distance on him. You can't grab someone's wrists in kickboxing gloves, so you could see it fluster Pereira when it happened. Pereira then switched up and threw the uppercut rather than the hook and that was that. I still think on paper Adesanya should be able to win this, but you have to wonder how being 0-3 will play in his mind. This might also just be one of those things.    Yanez vs Font: should be good, but it is hard to predict. Font has smooth boxing and a great jab, but also has a history of winning 90% of a round and then losing the round because his opponent just hits so much harder than he does. Yanez has big power and great hands, but if the Costa fight is any indication, he can't slip a jab to save his life. Font will bot gas as quick as Costa did either. If Yanez wins it will likely be with a bloody face from jabs and elbows. I think I come down on Yanez being my prediction, but he relies on toughness a good amouny and that works until it doesn't as they say.
Masvidal actually looks to be in relatively good shape
Im gonna be shocked if Izzy wins given he has set off every single psychological red flag before the fight
It’s wild that all of them talking that Izzy has to wrestle, but that could have been the exact reason that contributed to him being slower in R5, and now imagine he will try to do that in all rounds
185 PEREIRA, LETS GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just watched the face to face of Rockhold and Perry. That's what happens when a stoppable force meets a movable object in the battlefield of discourse.
"Tomorrow when he frees himself from the leash I'll lock him up again like a dog" Poatan Pereira
https://twitter.com/MMAJunkie/status/1644326435169943553?t=N0Vj9TH2ut3_caIJEDYRRw&s=19   Is that staph on Steve Garcias chest?
I keep forgetting Burns is 36 and not like 30
All the izzy nut riders don't wanna admit it but their boy looks SHOOK. On the verge of tears hahaha. 0-4
I've been feeling weak these past few days and I'm afraid I'm gonna start binge-eating again due to all the pressure. Sometimes I just want to disappear from this world, temporarily or altogether.
Crazy how Alex actually looked a little less drained than Izzy lol
Masvidal's schtick is so 2019. Doesn't have the same weight to it when he hasn't "caught a body" in years
oh wow just realized that's Weidman
Yes Izzy is acting weird and Pereira is in his head, but that won't affect his performance tomorrow, as he has shown in the past against Costa for example.  That being said, Pereira by KO
Put down an all underdog 13 fight parlay for shits and giggles. 81 cents to win 992k. I’ll give 5 people here 1k if I somehow win 😂 just comment and wish me luck
I cant believe so many people think Izzys route to victory is somehow grappling.
Chris Curtis with the Zyzz pose
I FEEL SOO BAD FOR YANEZ. STOP INTERVIEWING FIGHTERS DIRECTLY AFTER WEIGH-INS!!!!  IT'S DISGRACEFUL!!!!!!!
if Izzy loses tomorrow mods can ban me for a month.
Pereira: I have nothing against Pikachu   *Pikachu sighs deeply in relief*
I love my fights, you know me! I'm watching my classic fights all the time, it's just me and fight pass. I go for days and days, all alone... but I do, I *have* a wife. You know I have a wife. She's good, right? She was a model, around the world. She was on posters! I used to have a poster of her in my garage. And then I met her, can you believe it? And she asked me to marry her. And I didn't even want to. But she's beautiful. But she's dying.
Yanez straight up looks like he just met the fucking Baba Yaga. All the time.
185, Is normal
Man from all the interviews from Bareman and Izzy, they are convincing me that they are gonna be extra aggressive in the opening rounds
Kelvin bout to be 1-5 since losing to Izzy
Anybody know who Jorge was trying to fight outside the arena?   https://youtu.be/YfJyj8pNBcE
Can someone explain Izzy's use of bdsm collar or is this haute fashion
Adesanya seems confident and motivated to get it done tomorrow, I wouldn’t be surprised if he drilled a bunch of Jiu-Jitsu and wrestling beforehand.   Pereira by 3rd round knockout
Always kinda surprised by the difference between fans online and fans who attend the fights. Seems like a huge majority of people online want Pereira to win, but he was getting booed at the press conference  Same thing with Conor/Doostin, most people online wanted Dustin but in person they were booing him. Other examples too
Gilbert is hilarious
As a Izzy fanboy I’m terrified bruh. Legitimately do not think I’ll be able to watch the fight. Pereira one of the scariest dudes I’ve ever seen.   Izzy has his whole legacy on the line here, the stakes are so high for him. I do think he has what it takes to beat Pereira convincingly since he’s had a lot of success in moments across the 3 fights but he has to be perfect. Alex is gonna be so calm and confident in there which makes a guy like him even more dangerous.
Is Nunes vs Peña 3 the most pointless trilogy of all time
hopefully Pereira makes weight and looks alright
DC SOUNDED CONSTIPATED, LOL
Which song you listened to when you were teenager and when you became an adult you realized it was depressive as shit?
Already knew he was a good dude, but the UFC Countdown segment with Burns training alongside the guy in his gym who had brain surgery was very wholesome.
Izzy still wearing the weird belt thing, the fuck is that
Izzy keep saying "One and done." Lol get one win then bounce, no MMA trilogy
Dan Hardy’s interview with Submission Radio brought up a good point  If Pereira retains, the UFC would actually be keen on him moving up and giving him a title shot up a division so they can get him to vacate MW and have Izzy get back into the MW title picture  Pereira has made so much use outta Izzy’s star power already lol. Imagine he gets a double champ shot after 1 title defence?
The hate Izzy is getting from MMA fans is so weird. Yeah, he might be cringe from time to time. But at least there is no evidence of him being a genuinely bad person. On the other hand, characters like Colby, Masvidal, Conor and Jones who have proven time and time again that they are just bad people who do and say genuinely bad things outside of the octagon are being glorified.
Earlier people used to call Izzy, Volk, Hooker and their weird ass coach from CKB classy.   But when they lose they are the saltiest bunch I have ever seen.
Imagine a pull string doll of Jorge that says “violencia” and “crotchsniffer”
For some reason I’m really feeling that Font is gonna beat Yanez. Its a perfect matchup for Font on paper especially with Font’s nice stiff jab. Yanez was getting pieced up by Randy Costa jab in their fight. However Yanez has shown targeted improvement in each fight especially in terms of shoring up his weaknesses. Costa was killing him with the body kick and Yanez punished Tony Kelley hard whenever Tony Kelley tried the same thing. Very excited for this fight and could go either way. I think Font 2-1 decision is what’s gonna happen.
This is unrelated but I wish Taila Santos would look my way.
I've realized that strikers had a big booty while grapplers have a flat butt.  You can see who is the best between those two
DC with the freudian slip
How much longer does Alex have?
GM3 by sub +360 is good value, might be better odds out there too
Jorge is getting as confused as Rockhold with his hand gesture
Daniel 'Prince' Cormier
Who's gonna beat who into a living death tomorrow? The panel of redditors will answer your question!
Apologies if it has been discussed, but are there backup fighters for the main and co-main tomorrow?
Adesanya tried an imanari roll against tavares. I bet he tries one against pereira and goes for a leglock
I'd love to see bo nickal fight chase sherman, and yes sherman gets a signifcant weight advantage to balance out their skillsets.  I'd also like to see Jones Vs Tuivasa in a muay thai match that can only end via finish.
Izzy loosing tomorrow, the UFC setup Izzy vs Chimaev, Izzy goes to 0:3
Pereira has the p4p scariest trash talk in the game
DC got a fat fat fat ol ass 😩😩😩😩
Frozen like Elsa
How could you not like Poatan? I’m an Izzy fan and I’ve still grown to love Poatan too. The dude never talks shit, doesn’t care about stupid antics to get people riled up, just simply shows up and fights and gives credit where it’s due.  I think Poatan wins again this weekend, very likely by KO in the late rounds.
Who are all the guido lookin dudes on stage during the ceremonial weigh ins?  They look like a bunch of extras from The Sopranos.
DAE see the Burns interview with DC and crew earlier today? Particularly the part about DC saying Masvidal had a phenomenal physique? Funny as hell.
Izzy's into petplay. He just wanted an excuse to expose us to his kink
Can’t wait for Gilbert to strangle Masvidal within 2 mins.
You guys not watching ONE Lumpinee are missing out big time.  Just saw on of the craziest KOs ever right now
The Holland x Santiago fight is the low key FOTN
I honestly don’t understand how Izzy is the favorite, although slight.
had no idea usman beat the hell outta strickland 6 years ago
Feeling quite confident about Izzy losing and he's even making excuses in advance  Holland vs Ponzinibbio is the real toss-up to me, Holland has great power and reach and chin but he's too much of a meme fighter and just took the beating of a lifetime from Thompson. Pinzinibbio got the more standard MMA gameplan   Font-Yanez the other toss-up
I'm starting to feel a little bad for Izzy with all of the hate he's getting. I mean, he's cringey as hell and boring to watch, but he isn't a bad guy. I'm no Izzy fangirl, but man is the hate a little bit out of control on here.
Chef Dana
More salt in here if Izzy wins or Jorge wins ?
That is hilarious - Pereira with his stone face stole Izzy's line about coming out like a dog off a leash lmao, shame he didn't get to speak first
Haven't followed MMA much in years.  What the hell happened to Kelvin?  He was a step away from the top for yeeears. Had mad potential despite not being in the best shape.  What's to blame for his decline?
Crazy how Izzy was on his way to take Anderson Silva's winning streak and now he is getting clowned everywhere
hope  pereira KOs israel
Masvidal didnt look as bad as i expected on the scale. Looked to be in way better shape than what he looked like in the embedded videos. I know he is dehydrated but still.
Wonderboy did a good breakdown on izzy's striking on his youtube channel today
Joe Rogan does this weird growling thing with his voice at the ceremonial weigh-ins that he doesn't do anywhere else. Its really fucking annoying.
Honestly, I am tired from like 99% public people talking like Izzy is almost a lock win.   Bisping is shitting the bed the worst from all. According to him Izzy was schooling Alex, he even was “winning” round 5 until he was caught.  R1. Alex was winning, until 4.59  R2. Alex won   R3. Izzy   R4. Izzy   R5. Alex was winning until he finished Izzy.   So, literally, if Alex was not rocked at the end of the 1st and did not finish Izzy he would have won the decision.
I know it isn't clever, but when I think back when Colby calls Gilbert Burns 'Dilbert', I chuckle hard.
Everything Izzy does and says is so corny
Guessing Pereira is struggling with weight
The Cuban food really is one of the best things about living in south Florida ngl
Really want Izzy to win tomorrow so I can see Alex starch someone and get another shot. I like both of these guys and think they're a level above. That last fight was beautiful hope this ones just as goof
I've never seen Izzy look this emotional before a fight.
The Pereira wanking on here is nuts, people saying Khamzat wouldn't be able to outwrestle him, who couldn't defend a wrist lock from Izzy, just because Alex is bigger. The difference in size between Alex and Khamzat doesn't even come close to negating the difference in wresting skills
Man the izzy hate is so unhinged, y’all seem extremely uncomfortable with people being themselves
Do you account for those billboard ears when measuring the circumference of Ponzi's head or what.
[Barbie, 2 Kens and another Ken, this time black.](https://imgur.com/a/rB69Gko)
DC changing the rules again. Lol!
Why is Izzy wearing blue shorts ?
FREE KYLER PHILLIPS
The more i listen the more i like chris curtis, gilbert burns, and kevin holland. 2 great dudes and 1 comedian.
pereira wins again imo
Chris Weidman really is delusional thinking he’s gonna get the belt back
tomorrow its "1 and done" but what about the other 3 losses
izzy pulled up to the press conference in a dog collar and a skirt. he's definitely a bottom
Gastellum going to probs get a W here against another undersized middleweight, then get dominated the next fight when he fights a big wrestler.
Pereira is going last for the suspense. He went last at their latest fight. There is nothing to worry about ;)
Calling it now, Pereira beats Israel again and retires from MMA.
Who would replace Alex if he misses weight? 👀
Captain Obvious here but Israel losing or even getting KO or TKO again by Alex would be SOOO fucking bad for him.  0-4.  A motherfucker knock him out in Kickboxing and follow him to UFC knock him out again and take his belt. 🤨
Alex by ko in the 3rd, 4th, or 5th is at +1600,+2000, and + 2500 respectively. Am I crazy to think those odds are insane? Someone please talk me out of betting the house.
Wtf is sanko talking about rn
Was that a freudian slip?? It seems like Izzy is going to move up....
Are we downing Bromosas brought to you by Modelo and simping on Sanko this weigh in Friday? Fists on a Beach brought to you by Proper 12?
Raul looks much better without that bandana
What’s up boys
I am a fan of jaqueline amorim
Did Alex break Adesanya?
When Izzy wins tomorrow, all you haters please don't run and hide, keep that same energy all the way 🇳🇬
This kid is missing a couple chromosomes
Adesanya corny af man just be yourself
I love Izzy and I love how he triggers all of you in this sub 🙏 I hope he wins just to see the reactions
Izzy speaks 4 languages
anyone know why they pronounce Pereira's first name as "A Lex" instead of "Alex". Never heard anyone say Alex like this.
Is Bahamondes still on the card? Thought that was cancelled
At first I thought Izzy brought out an Elsa doll lol
Dunno how Izzy is the favourite?  Blokes been hammered by him 3 times.  Miss me with the 'it has always been close' right up until he gets chinned.
Goddamn the Izzy hate in here is to an unhealthy degree. I worry about some of you.
Izzy bulked up for wrestlin
I want to flair bet with "King of calling cops and sucking cocks" but that's too rough of a flair for the good people of r/MMA.
🗿
Chris Curtis with one of the best lines in the interview:  “Im really fortunate that ive got really good — i call it genes that are close to sports material: im very black, physically. So i age very well…i got good sports genes”
I really, really, really hope Izzy gets it done this time. Would make the more entertaining storylines, too. He's the better MMA fighter, Alex is just his kryptonite. I hope the better fighter gets his arm raised his time.    Let's go Izzy.
Not that Gynosanya has a leg to stand on regarding cheating but Pereira really is the CEO of IV rehydration
Genderbender already with the built in excuses for his upcoming KO loss. Sad! How many times does Alex need to knock this man out? It’s over! Time for the Vettori trilogy. Someone a little more Gyno’s level.
Both Israel and his fans are coming off as very salty. All the posts from Izzy fans on this and the UFC subreddit come off as being very angry and filled with rage, I don't know why they're all so mad.
Kevin Holland has won 2 of his last 7 fights. Ponzi is 2-3 in his last 5. This is a main card fight. Is normal
There has been this thing of  *"Adesanya was* ***dominating"***  The only domination that happened in Pereira v Adesanya UFC 1 was R5, Pereira beating the absolute dog sht out of Adesanya for several minutes. Actual domination. Adesanya got battered like he was a helpeless little victim, it was like watching a man going to town on his red-headed stepchild.
What do we think of Izzy? Cringe! What do we think of cringe? Izzy! Thank you That's alright We hate Izzy  We hate Izzy  We hate Izzy  We hate Izzy  We hate Izzy We hate Izzy  We are the Izzy haters
Hope burns dominates and idk how some of y’all think emotional equals literally speaking 😂 reaching fr but pereira 4-0
I'm rooting for Poatan (seems like a nicer dude), but I'm almost sure Izzy finally beats him this time.  Someone please reply with encouraging words on why Poatan might win again.
the amount of delusional copium people are on to think Pereira has a chance of winning lmao
I hate how Izzy makes a large deal about burping mid interview.  He did it in the interviews earlier, and today after weigh in he just burps over the interviewer.   &#x200B;  What a cunt.
Neither Pereira or Adesanya should want this fight to go 5 rounds, for different reasons. If Izzy is smart he will shoot a takedown within the first 2 minutes of the fight. But I bet his ego will keep it the same type of fight the last one was.
Starting to get a little nervous about Pereira 👀
[removed]
I dont even think its that Izzys haters actually dislike him. They're just frustrated with him and its how it manifests.   If he was living up to his potential, every guy hes defended against *including Alex*, would have got frozen like Elsa. They'd all fall before him like the twin towers, except he adopted this style and mentality of get as big a bag as he could while taking the least amount of damage.   If Izzy was doing to all these guys what he *could* have been doing, rather than what he was actually doing, people wouldnt care at all about cringey lines, gyno boobs or fingernail polish.
Remarkable dude, **Jorge**.  Couple years back they started calling   **Jorge** "Journeyman."  (never to **Jorge's** face)  **Jorge** then went out in the   woods - changed the **Paradigm** \- came back a different fighter/human being.   Inspired me to try and do the same - i.e. find out specifically what was wrong -   then having the Jorge-courage to change it.  So I owe **Jorge** a lot.  He showed   me it could be done.  That it was possible.  Then came the Ben and Darren Till   KO's - the convincing win over Nate - t**he Leon 3-piece**.  Bingo, **Jorge** became   a household name.  So yeah if anyone deserves his success/money - it's   **Game Bred**.
Heys guys !! My roughie picks are: Masvidal KO/TKO, Christian Rodrigues SUB, Gastelum DECISION, Rob Font DECISION. HAPPY HUNTING 😁
When are the weigh ins?
Pearl necklaces are for women only. That's all.
OBJ picking Izzy  So glad Goatdell knows Ball
This is one of the least hyped title fight rematches that I can remember in a long time.  Maybe it’s because of Adesanya’s anti-charisma he has and Pereira being virtually a nobody despite being a great fighter and the champ
If I was Colby, I would have secretly bulked up to 185 & offer to be the back-up if Alex misses weight 👀  Colby might actually have a better chance of beating Izzy in his home state than Leon at London 🤔
Everyone weighed in yet?
DC with the Bill Cosby impression
lol DC always interprets the topic in his own way
Does the Rosas hype train continue?
Who are the dudes in the back of Dana one with the oversized red UFC hoodie and the other with rhw dolce gabanna shirt? Both guido looking. Pretty much always there for ppvs
Is Rodriguez meant to be cannon fodder for Raul? Raul is the only lock on my parlays but I don’t want to lose hope immediately if it’s a legit match up.
With Endeavor purchasing WWE I really want a WWE style event held like once a year on April fools day or something.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/ufc/comments/12f70rb/don\_frye\_manhandled\_jon\_jones\_in\_the\_bar\_and/](https://www.reddit.com/r/ufc/comments/12f70rb/don_frye_manhandled_jon_jones_in_the_bar_and/)  Dan Hardy saying he saw Don Frye manhandling Jon Jones in the club, LMAO. Mark Coleman rag dolled him too backstage back in the day. Jones still UNPROVEN at HW
Elsa, Botched!
He started cutting weeks before the fight. He has smart people in his corner.
He looked drained but when you’re the biggest weight bully in the ufc that’s gonna happen lol someone point me to a worse offender currently, idc if they do it but let’s not pretend he and others aren’t
Youtube comments are where education and society go to die.
The chat moves too fast for any normal discussion. People are obviously going to just say something wild to catch people's attention.
The question is why are you enabling the YouTube comments?
That was a nasty line by you
Guy has been brawling since eBaumsworld and Newgrounds were the main places to see videos on the internet.
Crazy to see him living it up on the embedded and than Burns is just putting every ounce he’s got into training hard
Izzy is pathetic. Gynosanya has to get his excuses in.
It’s because he’s a dog, and he’s about to be unleashed. 🚬😎
Here we go Izzy, here we go 🐶🐶
Ya Nostrildamus, b?
I definitely think Izzy has some tricky submissions in his arsenal so I wouldn’t be too surprised
Chael is that you ?
Problem is I had one of those that Rozenstruik put Francis away.  Well..we saw how that happened.  I'd love to see Izzy with an armbar though.
GM3 is a steam train fueled by that embarassing loss to Khamzat
I got a nice 2-leg parlay on GM3 and Chris Curtis money lines. Can’t believe either of them are underdogs.
GM3 has got to be one of the worst nicknames ever. Up there with Belal.
The ones after the ceremonial ones? They're already well rehydrated by then, they start rehydrating as soon as they step off the scale during the official weigh ins
He's such a douche on these shows. I feel like they're all laughing it off but he makes it awkward.
They need to get this dude off the air lol
He said that at the ceremonial's? I have to watch it now.
i was like wtf did he just say lmao. Burns gives no shit
Reddit psychology™️  But nah I agree. Going 0-3 against a guy isn’t ideal for being in the best mental state  Bit surprising it’s not being brought up more. Even if the skills do match up in his favour more. The physicality difference and mentality has me leaning Pereira.
Name em all
Ok mr psychologist
Exactly and DC advising him to stop with leg kicks and "point" fighting, when Izzy has build his entire career on that.  The accumulated leg kicks he absorbed from Pereira and the wrestling is what slowed him down.
And people acting like he didn’t already make a major effort to wrestle makes me think no one was watching the fight. Izzy initiated clinches against and went for takedowns. He failed all of them and Pereira was getting free body shots with Izzy hanging on to the clinch for too long. In fact, that might’ve been where most of Pereira’s body work came from. Meanwhile his two biggest problems at distance were leg kicks and pressure and he was still pretty competitive there but he’s supposed to just stop striking now.
The hand fighting was a big key for Adesanya and he stopped doing it in the 5th.
so true, Izzy arguably won the first fight on the feet, and in the second fight he was winning on the feet until he got caught with a lapse in concentration.  If anything wrestling will just slow him down more, and we also don't know how much Alex's TDD has evolved under Glover in the last few months. Could be a Ngaanou vs Stipe situation where he suddenly becomes D1.
He's a scary ass dude lol
He definitely looks very young for his age. The suspenders and afro don't help lol
The higher you climber the further you fall
We've all been there brother, if Israel can get knocked the fuck out twice and still come back for more you can make it as well
Don't disappear from the world  <3
Bro, all I can say is that I have felt similar in the past too. But these feelings ebb and flow, they usually never last. Don't give in to the bad habits, it'll just dig yourself into a deeper hole. Just keep trucking along man, things will get better!
Love you bro. I’m in the process of trying to stop my eating disorder. It’s hard but let’s take it one step at a time.
can't drain a stone 🗿
I think Izzy just loses a lot of water in his face even from a small cut, makes him look more drained than he is.
More muscle = easier to lose water weight   It’s why all these juiced up brazilians are able to cut so much weight.
Miami I luh u
He’s gonna make sure “this individual gets executed in my city”
Good luck my brother
I’ll take you up on that. Good luck!
I think if he can get a takedown early and do damage and sap some cardio that would be a good thing to try.... Once in rd1. I think clinching is a bad move for him and trying to grappling game is a bad move.  An open cage shot early Rd 1 is a smart tactic. Trying to lean Poatan against the cage and eating body shots is a stupid move.
I don't see how you don't
Fuuaaarkkk
We’re all going to make it.
But she's gonna get better
I don’t know what this is but I love it
Triples is best
Smh really made us read all that with no pics
IMO its the best strategy: fighting defensively, Izzy must survive 5 rounds w/o having Alex respect his striking much.  But Izzy can hurt Alex as we've seen, so being aggressive minimizes your time in front of a guy with 1 punch power, and if done effectively, you force him to respect your offense, which makes it harder for him to trap you against the cage.
I don’t even know the guy he is fighting
Dudes a fuckin loser. But hey, gotta try to get a W somewhere, since the cage hasn't worked out for a few years.
Just saw that no clue. Probably some random fan
It was colby, on the sidewalk, with a boomerang
Izzy isn't some massive star.  But he most definitely is a genuine star.  He has a good sized fanbase
Reddit is just hipsters trying to be different
Colby was the biggest star at UFC London
Online peeps are a minority of hipsters that pretend to be smarter than the casual fan.  They latch on to bullshit takes to make them feel superior for no reason.
Because places like this sub are massive echo chambers
Yeah i have seen that disconnect too. Tomorrow though, will be interesting in how the cheers will be distributed since Miami has probally the largest community of Brazilians in the US, i imagine they will be attending in droves tomorrow
Absolutely roasting DC lol
Izzy's only path to victory is if he wrestles him.
Dude, so many of them. But I knew they were depressing at the time and that’s what I was going for as an emotional ass teen. What sucks is now that I’m older and have been out of that phase for a long time, I can’t really listen to many of my old favorites.  Like I was a huge Eminem fan growing up, and I can’t really just throw many of his songs on nowadays lol. Not just gonna be cruising down the street blasting Rock Bottom like an angry 16 year old
Spice Girls. It’s all about emotional abuse
Semi-charmed life. I was 17/18 when it came out and was popular. Up beat sounding pop song. Actually about chasing a crystal meth high and sex. That one got me.
A weird belt thing
Even if Izzy wins it’s 3-1
They're setting the stage for a Paddy/Gordon type of robbery/fix for Izzy then he'll just duck Alex the rest of his career. UFC is desperate to get him back on track so the judges are probably already paid to lean for Izzy if it goes 5 rounds.
But Pereira has so many contenders in his division. Many champs want to be champ champ, but haven't even dispatched their division.
Ya Alex would just give up his ppv points and leverage so his enemy could have a shot at the title again.  Also I bet Conor flys into Dagestan to celebrate the end of Ramadan with khabib and to give Islam some south paw sparring rounds
Do weight classes mean anything anymore lol
The problem there is that would pin Izzy v Rob for a third time and absolutely no one wants or needs to see that
Dang Hardy is a whiny cunt.
Poatan vs either Jammal or Jiri is 🔥🔥.
Colby and Conor get as much "hate" as Izzy or even worse. Izzy doesn't get hate mostly imo, he gets trolled and ridiculed. Masvidal is meh.
If he wasn't a MMA champ, Izzy just comes across as a massive try hard
I mean, claiming people from the favelas identify with you when you grew up rich with servants is distasteful, as are comments like his twin tower one.
The man jerked off a dog and you say he's not a bad person!?
He is a bad person, hes a race baiter  He said he was bullied because he was black, but it’s clearly for other reasons
I know what your saying and I agree and in kinda the same way no one truly hates him on a personal level like no one would take any joy seeing anything actually horrible happen to him it’s more of a love to hate sort of thing and in fairness he brings that on himself! And for sure we may not like him but we do respect him as a warrior and if not that’s straight delusion. In saying that to I hope badly periera wins
I didn’t watch that fight, but I saw a comment saying that costa’s kicks kept yanez from slipping the jab.  If this is true, I wonder if Font can implement a similar game plan.
Should be an interesting fight. As you say, Yanez has shown incredible adaptability. I think he's at that point where he's still evolving a lot between fights. Font may be more of a finished product so to speak.   Should be a banger. This could be the fight where the yanez hype train takes off. I personally hope it does, dude is electric
It's not going to happen. Live in reality, boi
DC ass swallows the flyweight division
Woodley is the greatest striker of all time
Daniel Cormier and MacKenzie Dern have thick thighs and both are grapplers
Dern and Joanna will disagree
And what about Woodley's giant peach?
This is true... Pereira has a big booty and Mas sorta does, too.
What did he say?
45 minutes
Definitely throwing some money on him
Font or Yanez gonna jab the fuck out of each other
I haven't heard about backups this time, which seems odd since everyone wants to talk about how bad Alex's weight cuts are although he's never missed weight.
That would be interesting. It would definitely take Alex by surprise. I wonder how much he's improved w glover
Chase SHerman cant beat him if his life depended on it. Only good HWs can beat 185/205 wrestlers. like TYson Fury is terrified of Usyk cause he can move/speed.  You actually gotta be good to beat good smaller men too, small HWS always the best fighters in history of fighting and Bo is prob 215 pounds so a small HW
He stole my 3 year old daughter's Pikachu doll, then spat in my face when I tried to stop him. Used to be a huge fan, but that kind of disrespect left me no choice other than to act in self defense. I would have beat the shit out of that pussy if his buddy Glover didn't jump in and pull him off of me.
Alex does that weird bow shooting thing which is pretty cringy.  Otherwise, he seems like a fun top 5 gatekeeper...I mostly "dislike" him because UFC made even more of a joke of the rankings by red carpeting him.  Hard to like someone that's only there for the storyline.
I know right lol
Im curious if Santiago will still eyepoke with the new gloves
It’s not unreasonable. Sure Alex won, and has fight ending power at any time, but Izzy did rock him in r1 and may have finished him if he did so a minute earlier, and dominated on the ground in r3, and has probably been practicing subs and ground games even more since then. And was winning most of the overall rounds. It’s not crazy to think either of them can win, it’s a 50/50 for me
Izzy was winning the last fight until he got knocked out. How does that not make sense?
Israel. I can only speak for myself but I'll be talking mad shit if israel wins and I'll do everything within my power to discredit him
I dislike both, but Jorge is entertaining if he is around while Izzy is a boring fighter and continuation of Izzy is something to truly be salty about.  No salt if Izzy loses because all the izzy fanboys here will be genuinely upset and will not be posting, they will be curled up in a ball somewhere. Salt mines if Izzy wins because Izzy haters do not really care, we just keep it real of what a boring fighter Izzy is and how Pereira is manifestly empirically a far better fighter and it was satisfying af watching a boring point fighter with a massive ego get ktfo and anyone with taste who is not a tedious d licking fanboy wants it to happen again.
It's a shame Pereira doesn't speak English...  Or in general, language barriers between clear rivals.  Makes the whole interactions kinda meh.  Obviously nothing can be done about that, but it's just so much more fun to watch Nate and Connor jabber at each other or whatever.
You know at the end of the Izzy fight when he got dropped a whole bunch, I don't think it broke his chin as it's still ridiculous but sense then he's never wanted to actually go for it and blitz with the same enthusiasm and fearlessness as in the past. Seems like after that fight he kinda stopped trying as hard similar to Johnny Hendricks, Costa or many others who looked wild then had that one high profile big fight loss that scarred them for the rest of their career unfortunately.
First off he’s kind of small for middleweight. Can’t fight at range as much as some guys so he needs to blitz and then he gets countered/rocked, so has to pick his poison.
he eats too much
I understand Bisping "Exaggerating" for views but dude gets angry and butthurt when people call him out for the garbage that comes out of his mouth. Fucking annoying.
Yeah, the fight was very competitive all the way until the end, where the work that Alex had been putting in to the legs & body paid off and he got the finish. This wasn’t some fluke miracle KO. Izzy gets all the benefit of the doubt though for being a well-known champ, despite being 0-3 against this guy now.
MMA Guru made a video calling Bisping's bias out.   https://youtu.be/9LUYw8I91xc
All the scorecards had Adesanya up 3 rounds, so I don’t think Pereira would’ve won a decision, if he managed to get a 10-8 in r5 it would’ve been a draw
>So, literally, if Alex was not rocked at the end of the 1st    Literally if Alex didn't win Izzy would've won.   Great analysis bud
Even Rd 4 you could note Alex was gaining momentum in the final 2 minutes or so.
People don’t know what they’re seeing most of the time. It’s almost like they didn’t watch the fight and only saw the judges’ scorecards.
Thank you bro. You hit the nail on the head. People are just super biased towards Izzy (mostly media).
Totally agree. Don't remember if it was round 3 or 4, but Izzy's takedown and control won him the round. Wasn't schooling Pereira on the feet or anything. Gonna be a fun fight!
Lol most people had Izzy 4-1 before the finish Alex did not win round 1 haha
[removed]
The line about the dog being released reminds me of something Vin Diesel would say in the fast and furious movies lol
he always weighs in last
At 281 he weighted in second to the last
Was the size of the fella your first clue?
Can tell the food is good since they are legit eating it
I live here and I just can’t get into Cuban food. Every Cuban meal I’ve had has been bland and underwhelming.
I'm so torn...  I want Alex to lose because of the dumb title shot fast track. I want Izzy to lose so MW gets a shakeup.  I also want Izzy to win because I like his fighting style well enough (until everyone got too scared to fight him) and he was an active champ.  I don't want that though because it'd probably meant a super dumb trilogy.  I wish we'd have seen one or two title defenses before this Izzy shot...  Like Izzy taking a break to heal up or something, but Alex loses the belt as soon as anyone with wrestling and a brain cell more than Strickland steps in there.  My ideal situation woulda been Whittaker v Pereira, then a non-title Pereira v. Izzy match.
Do you think Izzy would do better than Pereira vs Khamzat? I'm genuinely curious.
Quoting movies and pop culture all the time to try and sound cool isn't 'being yourself' though, if anything it shows a void where an authentic personality should be. He's more likeable in his youtube vids when he's not trying so hard.
Its gonna be so funny if he wins
It's not people being themselves.  It's when they're self constantly talks like a teenage mall ninja
It seems to me as though he's not "being himself" a lot of the things he does seem rehearsed and pre planned which makes them fall flat and seem even more annoying  Also the man is in his mid thirties acting like a sassy teenager
So you are saying it’s ok to act like you are 14 when you are 34?
Izzy has always had a divided reputation, even during his rise to champion. Its alway been like this lol
He's annoying like Colby, for pretty much the same reason: a majority of the shit he says sounds like he practiced it in a mirror at home beforehand. Wouldn't call myself an unhinged hater though. I'm more of an unleashed dog
He's fucking weird, a try hard and cringe personified.
It's the fact he tries so hard. For example, if he'd just worn the skirt (which is Polynesian), it would have made sense. The collar was trying too hard. A lot of his lines are over-thought out, corny, etc. His accent also switches up between the Kiwi accent and deciding he's pretending to be American. There are words he pronounces with American vowels and it's fake af, and no, the words aren't pronounced the way we pronounce them in Australia/NZ. Noone fucking does.   ...and honestly, I'm Aussie and should have a bit of a soft spot for our Cth neighbours, but he makes it damned hard when it comes to fight week, pressers, etc.
I wouldn’t really feel so uncomfortable if he didn’t try so hard to stand out.
I heard that Dana was discussing how to put sponsors on his ears
Because he blue a load on your dad
🇳🇿
It's funny his parents were like "Hey babe, should we name him Kyle or Tyler?" But  just said fuck it lol.
So what else he should think?
I heard speed has something to do with it
Takes one to know one, eh?
Ultimate troll move
He beats Izzy and then moves up to Light Heavyweight and starches Jamahal Hill. He then rides off into the sunset, belts in-hand.
No way Pereira would retire..  whatever that next fight is would be a great money fight.  And if he wins just one non Izzy title defense, UFC will force a LHW title shot.
If he’s still healthy enough to compete then nobody. The belt would be vacated and Izzy would get the chance to win it the following night.  If Alex can’t compete I assume Kelvin due to being the biggest name Middleweight on the undercard (plus having history with Izzy)
Me, I’m at 182lbs rn
Colby of course
They probably would get Kelvin
$100 on all 3 is realllll good. Only problem is if the KO comes earlier.
Banging cows....
Izzy gonna crumble like the twin towers
I mean our guy would still be up 3-1... try beating him three more times in a row and let's talk.
He got that habsburg jaw
That is him. He's a weeb and believes he's a superhero.
4th times the charm
Yeah, I like how crazy Izzy makes everyone more than I like Izzy.    Do dumb stuff, watch half the fun base lose their minds, gets everyone to tune in.
Lets just say its easy to see why Izzy was bullied so much as a kid and its not because of his skin color like he says
Chimaev is next, so his song is not gonna last
Izzy has been more triggered than the fans this weeks cunts gonna lose his mind when he gets starched again I almost feel sorry for him
English, New Zealandish, weeb, and dog?
Nah Izzy should keep it on the feet. He wasn't successful with his takedown attempts and didn't have the advantage in the clinch.
Yeah he tried that and still got knocked out. You gotta assume Alex got better.
Profound analysis
Ya can’t argue that he’s not 0-3 but he wasn’t hammered in the first fight
Better worry about Izzy, he may need a Shrink after tomorrow
I think it’s an Easy win for Alex if Izzy tries to wrestle. Even if he manages to secure an early takedown he doesn’t have the wrestling cardio to offensively wrestle for 15 minutes much less 25.
Gonna gas sooner
The better fighter got his arm raised in their last fight. And the fight before that. And the fight before that. Hope it happens tomorrow too to leave no doubt
"A striker who got KOed by another striker is the better MMA fighter".
Source: trust me bro 😎
Honestly asking, is it likely Pereira's using an IV?
It's just a knee jerk reaction to the majority gagging on alex' balls and giving Izzy no chance.
Seems more like his haters imo. People love to hate him in this sub
When you put it that way it doesn't look amazing, but Holland has 4 losses in that span all against top 10 contenders. I think he's better than that record indicates. He also got KOed by the top of Kyle Daukas' head so that fight doesn't even count. He's a self proclaimed "company man" and he's a fan favorite because of his personality and his high activity level during early covid. UFC probably trying to give him a spotlight against a beatable opponent to get him some of his hype back.
Yeah, and 3 of Kevin's losses were last-minute replacement fights vs. Top 5 opponents, and another was a no contest. Context matters when talking about MMA records. It's not cut and dry like football or basketball.
I’m not even going to defend TRAILBLAZER because you just sound stupid so I’ll let you be
Alright buddy can you zip your fly up your shits showing
What was R3 then?
Just to correct you there was never no self-confidence
Is it Izzy showing up in a dress & pearls, or the fact he looks like he's suffering a nervous breakdown at every press conference that has you convinced he's got it in the bag after 3 straight losses?
What makes you think Izzy got it this time? He seems pretty shaken to me, for good reason. Hardly talked at the press conference, confidence seems low, already coming out with USADA complaints/excuses, fantasizing about “beating him down.” 3 losses gotta be weighing heavily on him rn.
I mean … he won 3 times already
0-3
Guy cuts weight and gets forced to do interviews and on top of that you want him to hold it in? I don't even like Israel but be real.
[removed]
He did this last time too. The weight in show usually warns the audience if cut is not going well
He literally weighed in 1 minute before closing time at their last fight. Chill bro :D
Tbh I don't blame him for boring fights, let's be fair 99.9% of us would do the same, it's just that he combines his cringe personality with trash talk unbefitting what he actually plans to do. If he came out and was like bro I'm the best striker you bums can't touch me but come try then fought boring he'd still have fans and plenty of admirers. Tbh he shoulda tried the Mayweather route of making money by making the fights as boring and in his favour as he could by being an asshole we'd pay to watch him hopefully lose.
No shit. He advertises himself as the modern day Anderson Silva when he fights more like the modern Tim Sylvia. People got tired of seeing him talk this game then go in there and just feint and leg kick at range for 5 rounds. His cringe personality and dressing like a gimp don't help matters. Also simulating gay prison rape on someone you just ko'd isn't great either.  Here's a direct quote from him before the Cannonier fight.   >This is going to be spectacular. Think UFC 101, Anderson Silva vs. Forrest Griffin. Like, I’m just going to be in the zone. I don’t care – stay tuned.  LOL
Why do u type like this?
Bro is onto nothing!! 🔥🔥
14:00 UK time
Show starts at 8:50
C Rod missing weight combined with the fact Rosas barely cuts bodes well for Rosas in my opinion
Weight bullies miss weight
literally everybody looks somewhat drained while weighing in
i do not think he looked worse than Izzy tbh
I suppose I *have* lost brain cells since I started watching this weigh in show.
Kinda like the US
See?  You are just part of the goddamn problem fucking up this subreddit.  You're a fucking punk dude.
Blast from the past lol
fans and execs hoping pereira puts him out to pasture
Nostradamas, BBBeast of a seer, clairvoyance was a major drawl.  Great guy never meddem
Yeah like it could not matter at all but rarely I’ve seen a guy look and sound so shook imo
He felt a tap
Yeah I agree. I think the grappling was a mistake from Izzy in the last fight. He capitalized on reversing Alex's TD but other than that I don't think initiating the grappling sequences worked out in Izzy's favor. Looked like it gassed him and he was getting beat up in the clinch. Izzy has the tools to win this on the feet, as seen in rd1 and in both of their kickboxing fights.     Obviously should the opportunity arise again Izzy should capitalize but I don't think he should be hunting for them as strongly as he did in the last fight.    Izzy has the advantage once they are on the ground, but I don't think he can get it there reliably. He also has the disadvantage in the clinch
Like a RL version of Latino chucky.
Me too. I binge eat daily
That doesn't apply when someone is taller with a wider frame lol
Izzy is the one with gyno lol
Alex ain't juiced, you just mad.  Islam is juiced. He popped.
Because he’s never done it in his entire career could be a start.
 >I don't see how you don't  Because hes not a grappler. At all. He can defensively grapple funcionally for WW MMA, but he is not even a little a offemsivr grappler. Its not at all what got him to the top. And he absolutely has all the tools and then some to beat the brakes off of even Alex, except he's become a passive, risk averse point fighter whos afraid to engage.   Grappling is absolutely not in any way his path to victory, fearless aggression absolutely is.
Izzy had success stick and moving, was able to counter the calf kick later on. However, in the 5th round, lost all his mobility, so I imagine Izzy knows hes faster than Pereira and can hurt him. Wouldnt be surprise if Izzy let his hands go while mixing in the takedown threat.  For Pereira, hoping he clinches more. Izzy was eating big shots in the clinch and looked weaker
Wrong, we are nerds and virgins.
Reddit and Twitter are very similar from the fact that the minority voice is very much the loudest.
To add to this. Dustin is my favorite fighter I'm not saying that rooting for him is bad. I'm saying pretending I'm better than Conor fans is silly.
It's not just this sub though. Pereira also has majority support on Tapology, Twitter, YouTube etc.
Hmm hard disagree, he can definitely win on the feet too. Don’t get me wrong that’s a very tough task but if you look at the 3 fights Izzy has had success standing with Pereira and he very arguably won the first bout.  Again, it’s a very tough task though since pereira has the touch of death
He has him wobbled as all hell in their last fight before one of the bells
Welcome to the WWE era. **WOOOOOOO!**
There have only been two stars that the UFC has gone out of their way for, Conor and Jones lol Not sure if Izzy gets the same treatment, but he supposedly gets paid really well.
He’s guaranteed a striking match up with both Hill and Jiri. Why not take those fights instead of having Chimaev or Whittaker look to take him down from second 1.   There’s some promo there with Hill coming off a win against Glover too.
Grew up rich with servants?! Why you people making this shit up
The Dog was happy
Yeah Costa's body kicks really gave Yanez fits in that fight but in the Tony Kelley fight whenever Tony Kelley would throw a body kick, Yanez would catch the kick and turn his leg so he could move in and hit him hard. So Yanez definitely was working on that weakness. Still Font is a veteran with some nasty boxing, I just worry for his chin.
Rikishi finisher on Figueiredo
Huge excepcions plus DC is all thick
Woodley became more and more a striker
Wonderboy carries 70 pounds in his Wonderbutt
Hard core's main event for sure.
My man! I aint even waiting, imma talk shit rn. Whack ass dog collar wearin ass big titty havin bitch.
That fight broke him  He was so close to the belt too and he knew it
Lol, nice 👍 thanks
Hmm, did you read what I wrote ? I said he would have win if he would not get rocked at the end of 1.
Lol, how people can be so stupid ?  Do you even can read ?  The point is - everyone saying that Izzy could have won if he would not get caught, and I show that the same logic works in reverse. But I guess I overestimated IQ of people that may read my post
No one had 4:1, Alex won round 2 and was on its way winning the round 5
It was pretty even until the knockdown.  Watch the newest ESPN UFC fight breakdown by that bald guy
[removed]
More like Jonah Hill in 21 Jump Street
I think he was making a reference to that Jet Li movie Danny The Dog (aka Unleashed). Even has the same collar. Corny but I appreciate the deep cut reference
Wow, an actual mature comment these days is rare to find.
Mate, I live down the road from CKB and see them around quite a bit and find his schtick cringey. I want him to win but I don’t watch his build up cause I don’t want to not like him.
That he can have some fun fights with other vets of the game and not get murdered by the best fighters on the planet at his age.
Just funny seeing him get mad at DC and them for not putting him on their list of fighters most likely to get their title back. Like he needs to see if he’s even able to get back in the cage to begin with before starting to think about the journey back up the rankings
Nah, just look your mom
I got izzy but that is the most metal damage you can deliver to a person
and thats the reason he is where he is and where the rest of his personal hate group is
Disney Princess
You are not an intelligent person.
Yes but did you see he had wrist control for a minute there??? (If there is a grappling equivalent to a lucky punch, izzy getting that wrist so nicely was it)
He cut 47lbs for his fight back in November, it just doesn't seem possible to rehydrate a 47lbs cut by drinking  Cause that's the thing, you can hydrate by drinking fluids but the body can only absorb so much in a day and IV rehydration completely overrides that limit
You're right, the A-side has been dominated by every ranked fighter he's faced... wow that fight is really mediocre. And Ponzi's recent fights have been even worse  I shouldn't be surprised, Christian Rodriguez is somehow PPV material too
the past is the past. Pereira fanboys clinging to that just shows how salty they are
I promise you Izzy will prevail tomorrow and you will feel stupid. I will not be wrong.
He does it all the time
My oh my, a belch? Disgusting! Let's hope he doesn't do it in his upcoming mixed martial arts fight.
And during the interviews on Wednesday?  It's cunty behaviour lol
Reading that is the Reddit equivalent of hearing nails on a chalkboard
tha fact u dweebs cant tell this a pasta is hilarious
damn u cant tell this a pasta u remedial mf
Aljo makes weight always
I didn’t say he looked dead on the scale lol super funny though how insanely pro periera this sub is these days
I don’t either in terms of being drained
No disagreement there really.
We have some of the smartest people on the planet from here lol
Someone knows how to get upvotes on reddit!
Strickland seems to be on the right mindset to rematch Alex
Carries more lean muscle mass regardless.
Lol
Even his stance is very striking oriented, you don't see grapplers fighting with this side stance very often.
Fearless aggression will get him ktfo
We do not madder, b
What about Brock?
Him fighting hill does make a lot of sense. I really do hope that chimaev wins a couple of decent fights before he gets a shot
He literally did and spoke about it in a interview before. He had multiple house servants in Nigeria, didn’t learn to bathe himself until he was 8 etc.
Good point. I'd forgotten about the wonderbutt.
If my aunt had balls she'd be my uncle
You're not good at logistical thinking like you think you are.
I don’t know I havent watched the fight in a while so I don’t really remember r1
>Lol, how people can be so stupid ? Do you even can read ?  Glass houses.   "Analysis"
>Do you even can read ?   Do you even can write motherfucker?    Just bc other people are saying dumb shit doesn't mean you have to say dumb shit too. No shit the same stupid logic works in reverse.     >Izzy could have won if he would not get caught    Learn to write better you fucking dunce
That fight was not even
He was doing a Saw movie theme last time out.  Man just likes mixing in the movies and anime he likes into his fight build up.  Corny, but he's having fun and wants that for his mindset.  Dunno why people get pressed about it
Hmmm, interesting logic
I will feel stupid?  Izzy has a decent chance to beat Pereira, but you can’t stand there and honestly say that Poatan has no realistic chance of beating Izzy when he’s 3-0 against him.
its a pasta u special ed short bus riding mf
you didn’t say he looked dead, but you implied that only the “biggest weight bullies” look drained on the scales which is bullshit lol
Is a joke. I'm a proud American. Just hate much of it systemic issues.
Passive defensiveness got him KOd
Forgot about them hiding the failed drug test
I remember him saying his childhood adversity was that he kept getting malaria.  "he described his living situation in Nigeria as his room having red dots everywhere from all the mosquitos he had to kill throughout the night."
Lol, you go learn English you donkey, stop embarrassing yourself 😭😭😭
was too
0 chance. you’ll see tomorrow when he gets swagged on and frozen.
I was basically saying he looks normal Lmfao
I agree, but your comment is a reddit moment.
That’s some pretty good ragebait 😂
>He looked drained but when you’re the biggest weight bully in the ufc that’s gonna happen lol someone point me to a worse offender currently  Odd way of saying he looks normal
I love ONE. I’m genuinely thankful it’s given me better access to MT fights.
No cutman can stop that waterfall, just end it.
Shit reffing, spectacular fight
And then the savage puts on his TMNT costume! Like a BOSS
that’s one of the scariest KOs i’ve ever seen
This show is insane  These weekly ONE Lumpinee have completely over delivered so far
THREE  HUNDRED  FIFTY  THOUSAND  BAHT
HOLY SHIT THESE CARDS NEVER DISAPPOINT!!
Puts into prospective Saenchai fighting these dudes every Sunday night.
A bit anticlimactic but I think Toscano probably avoided a worse fate with that cut stoppage.
Whatever god of war the thais have, he must be hyped as fuck every friday
Once again...0 disappointment...
Theme of this card was violence, sponsored by the fight God's! Can't wait till next one.
Wow commenting when your baby brother is fighting must be stressful
These monster ads are are getting bigger every week..
Damn Iranian dude has the waviest nose I've ever seen lol
lololol....Javad was already struggling to lift his hands up but hey...you're good to continue fighting I guess
ref should have stopped it after the first knock down lol
this probably the most clinch-heavy fight in one muay thai history lol
Very good fight here
Could gone either way, tbh.
You gotta be shitting me, beyond brutal ...
That might be the most brutal KO I've seen this year. UNREAL
That's end of this great card, friendly reminder that One Lumpinee will take a Songkran festival break next week, next fight scheduled on April 21 followed by ONE Fight Night / ONE on Prime Video on April 22 (ICT). Stay tuned and happy weekends.
that was crazy omg. reluctant continue after being knocked down then gets flying ninja kicked
The flying push ftw?! What a beast lmao
Omg that was fucking crazy
Every weekend for the past couple of months, the best fights have been on ONE Friday Night Fights. This shit is nuts!
Give Bigdeli a bonus too Chatri. Both these guys deserve it
Yeah no way they will let him continue. Blood was on his eye all the time.
If it was not stopped there would have been more elbows...and the way they were fighting it would have been worse...a lot worse...
Good comeback round from bohic
The ref tried to catch him too kudos to him. Hope he's ok
Damn that was brutal, but good stuff from the ref jumping in to protect the head
That left hook, right kick combo was deadly, Jesus.
Yeah, Chatri. Atomweight division with a tournament to crown the champion.
10K for both please.
These fights are so fun to watch.
So now I'm supposed to just sit here and not work and wait until 287?
Damn Javad need some rhinoplasty
Forbidden Muay Thai move; first round stabbing
Muay Thai supremacy forever.
That was absolutely savage
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!
Damn he said this is sparta
That was just fucking awesome
2nd round was much closer
Do they not do draws in One lol? The first is a 10-8 according to their rules because of the knockdown. I guess rafi won the next two rounds but wouldnt that just come out to a draw
Super impressive comeback from Bohic
Gorgeous
So like... is he dead?
He should get a double bonus cause that was like a double ko!
I can't stop rewatching the replay  I'm fucking speechless at how crazy that KO was from Zeta
Beautiful combo!
Wow, Dentungtong is a fucking killer  Can't wait to see him and Mohawk in the future, both these guys looked super skilled offensively here
This card has been a fucking blast!
Fuck it let em fight another round!
Why did the ref not stop it? He didn't pass the tests wtf
Thank you jesus for dying on the cross so I can have the day off work and watch fights
Kicked in the dick 10 seconds in, brutal.
Wow! Did not expect that!
Absolute garbage stoppage here. Did the ref think this was MT bout wtf?
Damn he grabbed that so fast even when rocked. Almost had it
Subba gave up on winning
That first round was one of the best I’ve seen in a long time.
Planted her like a tree.
Dude fighters are nuts. I'm uncomfortable when my nose gets stuffy just laying around doing nothing. This guy is fighting in a cage with his nose like 2 inches to the left.
What a fucking fight oh my god ONE have outdone themselves so far today.
Awesome 2nd round
OHHHHHHHH SHIT
Wow
Madness?
Oh my god, dat finish!
Hes not responding to coste too surprised he still wants him to fight lol
That was a highlight finish haha...
someone's going to sleep the way this is going...
Yes, we know that Rafi is French, but he's just like ordinary Thai fighters for now.
That’s some beautiful violence right there
What a headkick...
Dammmn that was nasty! Looked like Zeta was getting outclassed until...
That second knockdown is gorgeous
This was a lot of fun, both these kids look like they have serious potential
Pet tales it but Kongtoranee, Respect!!
The Thai ref deserves a special mention for his ability to catch heads before they hit the mat.
Chatri should have went all out on this card since many Americans and Europeans have the day off and can watch this with undivided attention
Great fight fucking hell
KO by whiplash
Subba is probably concussed.
Hey the audio sounds a bit better, I can finally hear some shots land
It's a miracle that Konosuba survived the third but he looked concussed at the end though.
Anyone know who are the most credentialed fighters on the card outside the main event?
Nice shot!
Nice brutal shots by both, but I would really like to see a bit more footwork, these 2 are stationary
Samingdam is a goddamn nutjob, absolutely awesome finish
Ngorbangkapi Mawynn will fight at 115 lbs before they both quickly bulk to 135 and fight again, can't wait
I am excited to see Nong-O destroy Haggerty on the 21st...
Seems dry during the results?
great fight but i thought tapaokaew took the 1st and 3rd rounds
holyfuck they bringing out the stretcher. Hope hes ok
goddayum he got kicked in the head while on his way down
The Gods of ultra-violence are pleased today
damn that's really dangerous
No way he timed that head kick as he was falling right? If that was on purpose then thats some next level shit
Whew, that was some quick work.
These photographers are brave lol
what a fight
Going to war  I do worry about the damage these guys take. Already have hundreds of fights and now they tee off on each other in 4oz gloves. The One style of MT is so violent
Beautiful first round, these 2 are gooooood
woke up late as fuck but just saw the khunsuk vs kohtao and wow. i wanna see them on the big show
Coste alter ego is watching from the sidelines lmao
lets go. everything on Petsukumvit
Shit stoppage
Incoming farang win due to clinching
Nurzaman by bacne
Chacne king
Looks like Zeta has a scar from gynecomastia surgery 🤔
Sucks I gotta leave for a few hours, enjoy the last 2  Long live ONE, best product in the game
 Subba stop clinching you noob  edit maybe he should have done more clinching
seems so fishy lmao
Whew, that was some quick work.
Any guy who gets kicked in the 🥜’s deserves a victory
1-1
10 - 8 esbachev this round
Is her opponent okay?
These 2 seem to have the same philosophy : Defense is for pussies
Why was samingdam thanking sor ae? Is he a jitmuangnon fighter?
boooooooo
Those turtle shells???
Why the turtle shells?
Without that save, it's probably a ko already.
Damn this fight looks like some worldstar streetfight
Its about time petsumkumvit got put on a major ONE card. His 3rd win in 12 weeks and he looked great each time
He didn't respond for too long. They had to bring out the stretcher
Sam sen haa moon baht
As I always say, Best product in the game
I agree. Good stoppage.
Most are buddhist so... no God of War.  We have ancestral spirits of Muaythai though (Nai Khanomtom and Phrajao Suea)
Friday mornings are my favorites
Bigger Monster ads, more load of cash to Chatri & fighters' pocket.
Bruh, I was thinking the same…….. he dgaf!
Then we wouldn't have that Sparta/Kamen Rider kick though.
Ref is a fan of Samingdan and wanted him to get a highlight reel finish
Ordinary 5-rounds MT are more clinch-heavy than this fight, they're clinch through round 3-5. But sure, this fight is most clinch-heavy in ONE Lumpinee history.
I was wondering why the next card was two weeks out. Thanks for the heads up
Problem is this men's atomweight Muay Thai division would be dominated by Thai fighters because of low population of European fighters who're in this weight class, and Asian fighters are not strong too.
It's a shame most people don't know about these
No draws
No draws, it's dumb.
Raffi gets up before the count, else Tapaokaew would take the cake.
New contender for ONE KOTY from ET's flying knee last week.
I saw on Twitter yesterday that the replay is gonna be available on VR for free.  I might have to finally get a VR headset
Fight forever
Ref: Step forward ×3  Bigdeli: ...  Ref: raise your gloves ×3  Bigdeli: bro I'm fucking dying out here.  Ref: he's good, kick him in the face.
Ref wanted a highlight reel knockout finish like the flying boot we just saw.
Blasphemy  But i agree
Classic ONE
The other Guy didnt complain so it seems like a good stoppage
Yeah should've been a ref stoppage once he was slow to get hit hands up in ready position.  Luckily he just got a jumping kick to the chest instead of more brain trauma.
ONE Lumpinee is the home of beautiful violence
Rafi was a former lumpinee champ.
I watched MT match live that don't end at that point before, guy it horrible not worth effort to go on at all.
Depend on how you scored the 3rd. I feel like Rafi took the first half and Tapaokaew took the 2nd half. Rafi could hold his own in the clinch though so he got it.
I almost think that was an accident, he threw it for a body kick but slept the dude with the left.
MT fighters are sometimes trained to "aggravate" opponent who're falling because it's only short time you can damage the unopposed opponent before ref going to break and count. This is borderline and sometimes "unsportsmanlike conduct" in MT views but for Zeta's head kick it's fully legal and beautiful.
That's not from gyno, usually they go around the margin of the areola, reduces scarring/less noticable.  Not sure what that scar could be from, maybe a lung issue or he had an accident. Seems like a thoracotomy scar.
We've seen a lot worse than that though.
She recommend him to ONE FC.
yeah his name is turtle island
His ring name is Kohtao, means Turtle Island.
Nothing I love much more than sleeping in, but I get up early on my day off for these
Same here...I never miss these fights...
Right, this should 100% be ONE qualified.
Certainly true to a certain level but this division is too good to not have a belt though.
After ONE Fight Night in the USA in May, they'll know about this for sure.
It is up to us to spread the gospel ONE...
How the hell do they decide then? Just vibes? Lmao. Maybe it depends on who won more rounds, or do we just not know the criteria here.
Thanks
Yeah the 3rd round was definitely the closest but i felt like tapaokaew landed the better shots in the clinch. Either a way im just happy to see a good clinch battle in ONE
Exhibit A: Anantasak PhanYutthaphum.
Yeah but usually the opponent will in center of ring for the victor to get arm raised. Seems like she was still out
She must have great power in the muay thai community
It's awesome, I'm rooting for him just for that
I’m just glad it’s 8am now. I remember waking up at 4 way too many times because I have FOMO and have to see it live
Someone can correct me but I don't know if a KD is 100% a 10-8 round in ONE MT.
It's a 10-must score system, but if the fight are drawn on one referee (something like 28-28), that referee must pick the winner by overall performance in a fight (akin to ONE MMA scoring system), so we can only see unanimous or split decision in ONE.
Yes. Jitmuangnont is not just a camp but also a fight promotion. They  even manage a stadium (Jitmuangnont/Or Tor Kor3 stadium).
Doubt that was a knockdown. No count. Got right back up.
Thank you that makes sense
Everyone’s commented on Izzy, but I feel the need to mention that Burns looks like a Cabbage Patch Kid and Masvidal gives me the vibes of a Jersey guido who hangs outside a deli and says his racial opinions a *little* too loud.
Lol Izzy up there with that collar. Looking like an r/MMA mod.
any reason why izzy is wearing a leash?
Dana being annoying kinda soured the press conference for me a bit.
Pereira looking like the twin cousins from Better Call Saul
Looks like a bond villain Vs a bond girl.
Much respect to Izzy.  Cringe and all that aside, the man accepted an immediate rematch and has clearly shown up ready to go to war.   I have a feeling he's going to be fighting with a lot more intensity on Saturday.   You can tell this is personal to him.
Jizzy with the bdsm collar
Dana got no ass
Even though boxing goes a little too crazy with their face off being like 10 minutes long, I wish that they Let the main event really soak in. Let these guys there for like a minute  Because there are some intensity right there and I felt like it was cut short build the tension up
Burns please sleep Jorge!
🗿
Now the videos of him fondling his dog's dick and spitting food into its mouth make sense
Adesanya got collared?
whoever did jorge's braids is a master technician.
I hate Masvidal so much good Lord. ...  I wish my head was so far up my ass aswell i won\`t notice what kinda of supreme cringe machine i\`d be..
Looking like a low level extra in Breakin' Electric Boogaloo
Pearls and a dress?
Who won the faceoff,?
How can Izzy act so much after he's 0-3 against the dude
aside from Jorge master ball. everybody was a Class Act.  edit:  I realized that I made a speech to text typo but I decided to leave it in.
Izzy looks straight out of the 90's.
Izzy already got tits and a dress, just needs a blonde wig and he'll be invited to every woke school board for storytime
Dana has 0 drip
Re-rematch?
Izzy got the collar and wheat, proving he comes from a long line of submissive berry pickers
One thing that people seem to forget is that Izzy, in many people’s opinion, won their first kickboxing fight ( pereira was awarded a decision win) in their second kickboxing fight Izzy was destroying him and the ref controversially separated them to give pereira a standing count which he survived. He later caught izzy and won by KO. That was honestly an Izzy win in my book, that fight was over if the ref wouldn’t have jumped in and saved pereira.In mma, that’s an Adesanya win by TKO. In their last fight, you guys saw what happened, Izzy was winning 3-1 and he got caught. The fact that he’s 0 - 3 is insane. Cash in on Izzy.
God Izzy wtf is that collar. Lmao
Alex looking like a cartel hitman from Breaking Bad.
You know what it is? I'll tell ya what it is. It's anti-Italian discrimination!
> Masvidal gives me the vibes of a Jersey guido who hangs outside a deli and says his racial opinions a little too loud.  "And aye look. Now Tony, you know me and you know I aint a foe'kin racist but I tell ya...them [distinctly italian racial slur] they just....keep comin around and [racially charged stereotype]. I just wish they were more like Tina's boyfriend, he's one of the good ones."
I thought burns came out looking like an MMA version of Bob Ross and I can't unsee it now.
But there's so many of them...which one in particular does he remind you of?
He said he was a dog.
He's just involving us in his kink. Don't worry about it. Relax. Here, have this drink I prepared.
It's a jet li reference.
Melvin manhoef tribute perhaps? [Melvin done been had a leash, collar, and skirt.](https://images.tapology.com/letterbox_images/353/default/wide.jpg?1275993196)
Im upset that Izzy’s cringe clothing took attention away from how Gilbert Burns looked dope as fuck in them overalls
His life has been RUFF!
Danny The Dog
he's into puppy play.
[Cringest moment in a cringefest.](https://youtu.be/AN9PCyWfZqM?t=628)
I’m probably reading too much into this but Pereira has been meming Izzy for looking like Grace Jones. I wonder if he’s leaning into it to own it.
[removed]
Because he is an Updog
it's a collar but honestly the IQ in this sub might be challenged to reach room temp
EDDIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
He's on Melvin Manhoef timing. Just gotta find the coach with the leash.
Yea, wtf was that? Since when is this man the hall monitor?
He would rather be slapping .
As a woman, I feel like Dana was on his period. Regular Dana but a little unnecessarily snappy for no apparent reason.
Israel gonna try and hit him with his car if he loses
I hope he tries to mix in some clinch work or grappling. Call me a weirdo but an mma fight shouldn't be just a kickboxing match, especially if its for the belt.
arf arf...
He fought well in their last one, just didn’t handle the 5th rd well
“Accepted an immediate rematch.”  Bro he lost. Of course he wants a rematch. Who would be like “nah, I’d rather not fight for the belt again.
It's so hard to put the cringe aside though. Can he stop acting for 2 minutes, god damn
lol HOW is this a ''positive'' point of discussion? When has a dominant champion EVER not wanted an immediate rematch? Literally NEVER.   and why the hell would anyone NOT want an immediate rematch?
getting a really strong feeling he will put on a dominant performance
Came out strong as hell in the kickboxing rematch, did not go according to plan of course but I can see him wanting to strike first blood. Seemed hungry for that shot he landed at the bell un the first MMA fight
> accepted   ??? Did he not ask for it himself? More like Izzy  wanted an immediate rematch (after losing for the third time) and Alex accepted  it
remember he liked to play with his dog's dick  [video](https://www.facebook.com/thelaststylebender/videos/home-is-where-the-dog-is-xohis-name-is-millionaire-aka-millii-named-him-that-for/2133281743618288/)
Which is ironic considering how much of an ass he is
That’s what happens when you skip leg day as it appears Dana does, judging by his disproportionately big arms.
Jeans were ugly af too.
wtf?!
[video] (https://www.facebook.com/thelaststylebender/videos/home-is-where-the-dog-is-xohis-name-is-millionaire-aka-millii-named-him-that-for/2133281743618288/) for those who haven't seen the it lol
I'm just going to have to come out and say I did this with my dog all the time. Doesn't mean a thing other than playing/bonding. Sadly lost him 3weeks ago.
Showing submission to Alex in the hope it will lessen the beating. My dog does stuff like this after he chews up paper towels or something.
Sports bra for fight
Seems like it. Maybe that’s his thing. I never understood why mma fans take things like that as a personal insult and are all ”not in my sport!!!”. Even reddit has such moronic mma fans nowadays.
My dick
Crazy mentality isn’t it. To be honest if he didn’t and seemed all discouraged, I probably wouldn’t even tune in for the fight.
You want him to be depressed or sm bro?
You'd need to be an even better fighter than Izzy to live through the 90s dressed like that.
hmmm I was thinking of a different era with that dog collar.   I mean why tf does he do that, it's cringe *at best*. If you wear a leash, it means you literally have an owner. It's popular in BDSM or straight up slavery
The 1790s....
2/10.
Yeah, sorry man, you can write paragraphs of cope but it's 3-0 Alex.
Get outa here!!
Columbus Day is a day of Italian Pride. And they wanna take it away from us
You know what FBI stands for "Forever Bother the Italians"
He was gay, Israel Adesanya?
I ate da north
Pegging this line on Masvidal is wild🤣🤣
Bob Ross is about to fuck yo shit up tho with some relaxing creativity
The fat one that smells
King of Cringe
He likes being dominated
What a dork.
Midjourney, /imagine Eddie Alvarez bringing out Israel Adesanya as a dog on a leash
👹🐶
guys here don't know about danny the dog smh...
No, it's a jet li reference to his film unleashed
"Eat the sandwich. I made it for you" - Adesanya
"I jus wanna take some pitchers"  &#x200B;  \-Izzy Adahmersanya
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0342258/
That’s a terrifying man right there
Burns reminded me of Mario and Toad with that hair, awesome.
The biggest waste of an outfit since Jingliang's suit
What a strange movie that was..
I love the very audible, matter of fact "shut up" from the crowd
this is too much lmao
I love that movie but come on Izzy.
Not sure if anyone else’s comp is linking to the wrong time stamp, but pretty sure you’re talking about 10:39, right? That’s almost as good as the “shut the fuck up” that Usman was getting in London.
It's a jet li reference.
dana doesn't want unecessary fake drama right after the wwe purchase by endeavor.
Hey no smiling!   Only one question each!
When he loses*
I hope right sweeping elbows (thai style) are worked in as counters to the left hook
FUCK WHAT YOU HEARD ITS WHAT YOU HEARIN
i just think he doesnt have as much hp as pereira and so in the 5th round his legs and body was damaged enough he couldnt evade pereira when pereira turned on the gas
I think it was that he got finished and made a fairly quick comeback. That’s what is impressive to me tbh.
“Next time, I’ll make sure for Pereira that my left Hook hits like Sandy” - Izzy, probably
He's just corny, sometimes very, when gearing up for a fight  He seems pretty down to earth and chill otherwise
He’s a cage fighter, why do you care? I will never understand why y’all are so obsessed with these dudes personalities. They are fucking cage fighters.
His YouTube stuff is pretty enjoyable since he’s not acting usually but yeah his acting for the audience or whatever is definitely cringy.
You know what, if it triggers members in the sub this much, I’m all for it
Tbh I go back and forth on this. It literally effects his income. The more he attempts these cring lines the more he stumbles into good ones now and then. Then later they will use them in highlight videos and shit. Also love him or hate him he's earned his spot. Even if that Elsa line is sooo God damn cringe.
He's also a dick.
Trust me, you don't want to go there.
I'm not just making this up...
Doing God's work, thanks king.
wtf
You were playing with your dog's dick... Why?
Don't agree with your first 2 sentences.   But I am very sorry that you lost him. I lost all my 3 dogs in a span of 2 years (they were all around the same age, 14).   I know how fucking hard it is. It's been 2 years and I still miss them everyday. Fuck I am getting teary.   Hope you are doing ok.
Sorry for your loss my dude. I was just making a joke about the collar thing.
Bro stop projecting
It's not that deep. It's just unusual behaviour for a dude in his 30's, no matter how you dress it up (heheh)
No, but he can be humble
This comment is gold
Don't kinkshame bro
Downvotes I'm assuming because  we're meant to know it's a reference to a wholly mid jet li film.  Izzy tries so hard to be cool it's hilariously insecure.
Happy little tree hit combo mother fu....
That doesn’t really narrow it down.
He's taking everything Cejudo worked for
I can't believe Reddit is FINALLY realising how cringe that pos is.. I've always hated that guy since he humped his opponent after knocking him down then did a jerk off motion to his coach.
Professional UFC fighter is the dork here not the neck beard redditor lol
Please do this, I would but my internet cannot handle, is struggling to post this comment
every MMA forum has that one thread where someone asks "who is the last pro fighter you would ever want to fight?". For the last 20 years my answer was always Manhoef. Sure he's not the most skilled but dude is genuinely trying to hurt people. 210 lbs of dutch steroids honed to a fine edge with perfect technique. [His destruction of Saku alaways comes to mind.](https://youtu.be/Tge4dAsUUpc?t=100) melvin attacks people like they hurt his baby.
Objectively yes. But it's a nostalgic movie for me so i always watch it with rose-tinted glasses
lmfao "SHUT UP!!"
Listen
The ref didn't let Alex knock him out for good unfortunately. Instead of thanking the ref, he claimed it was an early stoppage and he was still aware...
Take it easy man
This is awful lmao i’m sure our American Patriot, King of Bitchs, Paulo Costa would have something to say about this!
I’ll never understand why people get so upset over Izzy and Kamaru’s harmless antics lol…very weird imo
Because I have to listen to them talk at pressers, media, pods etc. if I want to find out how their camp was, who they trained with, where their heads at and so on.  If I literally just watched the fights on the weekend and didn't consume any additional media beyond that then yeah, I probably wouldn't notice how cringe this dude is.
Don't tell me you enjoyed hearing "I was in the nose bleeds now I'm making nose bleeds" 15 times leading into the rob fight.  It's like his "I'm a dog, about to be un-leashed" line from the presser, like that's cute if you just came up with it on the fly, but we know he rehearses these lines. It's embarrassing.
He seemed to like it (like belly rubs). Plus it's sheated.  Don't be weird, bro.
there was literally nothing projection ish about that statement. I think you just went to the first catch phrase that came to your mind and typed it hoping for points
What he’s saying is we’re here to watch these two dudes fight. Why the hell do you care what he’s wearing? Or anything else for that matter that doesn’t involve them fighting
Same here, man. It's so weird how many people like him.
> /imagine Eddie Alvarez bringing out Israel Adesanya as a dog on a leash  I did it, but it didn't work well. It just shows 2 guys standing in a ring with a dog on a leash, lol. I'll work on making better prompt to see if it can do any better.
X GON GIVE IT TO YA
This got a chuckle out of me
Yeah the hate does feel a bit extreme/lopsided. They're not the first fighters to have an ego personality.
Nobody gets upset, it's just moronic and screams "look at me!". Like atleast Kamaru just dressed like an idiot, Izzy *literally* has the collar from that Jet Lee movie and is dead ass pretending like he's about to be "Unleashed"....  What's weird is looking at that and not understanding why people think it's cringe.
Same reason people malded over Triple C's harmless cringe antics or when Colby, Masvidal, O'Malley, etc do anything.  Polarizing fighters get shit because people are looking for an excuse to hate on them lol.
Kamaru and Izzy aren’t very similar. Kamaru is a self aware cornball. Izzy is a spoiled entitled cunt.
I know why
No you don’t. I don’t watch any footage or listen to any press conference or anything. Because I’ve been around the sport way too long like I said. Fights get canceled the day of sometimes. I am not interested until they both walk into the cage
Nah you don't have to watch any of that. I like Izzy and I don't watch the press conferences or whatever. I'm just watching the fight. That's what I'm there for, I don't need anymore fluff
It is his biggest problem. Again tho.... We are talking about him so you know even bad lines makes people talk about him. He assumes some line that sounds great in his head is amazing then it flops but he uses it for every media outlet. So then any fan that's watching all the build up hears it over and over. He needs to workshop a line with friends and find out what sucks or gets laughed at then only use the best one in the presser or in the post fight interview.
Botched!
That’s what makes it worse for me. Dude clearly thinks of a line and convinces himself it’s great, delivers it and it fucking bombs, while he’s 33 years old.   If he was early 20’s I’d think he was just getting used to the spotlight or trying to find himself but instead he’s closer to the end of his career than the start and can’t deliver a good line to save his life.
Yet news articles were made cause of his attire, ie it being a reference to a jet li film. Do you think it's a random coincidence that he's very popular online? Or maybe what you find to be cringe or whatever, not everyone would agree with
I dont thibk hes the one being weird here brazza...
Bro, why do some people get weird about doing medical exams on your pets? It's like they don't even love animals or somthing.
Bro it’s not that deep 😘
Why are you triggered by people mentioning it?  Yeah he's wearing that stuff and it's ok to mention it, he's not doing it to be low key and it's ok to talk about it.
But you can't deny it's unusual, and that will cause people to mention it. Let me repeat, *it's not that deep*
WHAT
He’s having fun and it bothers you
Of course I don't physically need to bit it's for me it's interesting.
The vast majority of fighters drop cringe trash talk during fight buildups though lol. That's why the fee that are actually good on the mic and sound authentic stand out (Chael, McGregor, Nate Diaz, Chandler, Moicano, Tuivasa, and even Nate The Train).  The only really bad trash talk Izzy has had was the 9/11 reference against Yoel. I thought his trash talk against Costa was fun, the Ricky Martin line was good haha.
[removed]
It's just my opinion 🤷‍♂️
I know that’s what I said you put very little thought into ur comment. You’ve been here for six days. Please don’t make a habit typing but contributing nothing to the discussion
I guess I never understood the point of mentioning it. Care to elaborate what is the point? What’s the message there? Honest question.
I guess when you’ve been watching this for this long. You just block extra stuff out. He could’ve came out to the face off in a leather garbage bag jumpsuit. And I wouldn’t have batted an eye. I will just be like cool you gotta fight this dude on Saturday still
RIP
The leaps people go to pretend to not understand why Izzy is considered a lame is what’s bothering. He has the most annoying fan base hands down.
[removed]
My point exactly. He's preety popular so plenty of people enjoy the antics too.
It's curious and interesting for some people.  And this is a place for discussion, seems pretty straight forward to me.  A "message" isn't required.
i mean, i think even many of his fans (and fans of kamaru) think they are lame and corny...or even "cringe" lol. i think some people find that stuff endearing, and for some anime/movie fans it can be cool to see someone famous representing something you're interested in.  his weird naruto antics and other stuff seem to be just him having fun, and it's pretty harmless stuff...compare that to a lot of the assholes that are on the roster and the level of venom targeted towards izzy for his cringe antics is imo not really justified.granted, izzy does seem to take himself a bit too seriously and iirc has made some inappropriate comments in the past, but to me that's a separate point from his cringe antics
I'd say the Izzy haters are far far worse. You guys are obsessed with the dude and criticize whatever he does lol. Like look at yourself, a comment down you say Izzy is a 'spoiled entitled cunt'. You don't even know the dude. Look at how salty you sound lmao.
[removed]
I always thought it was mainly call for others to come talk shit and throw insults. Bully behaviour. I know you can’t really bully a millionaire ufc fighter on the internet but stuff like that just irks me bad irl. But I guess Izzy wouldn’t get kicks out of it people didn’t make fun of his dress and pearls. I just wish this place didn’t turn into a place of youtube/facebook level of ”mma comments”.
But the point is kinda we’re not here for a fashion show. We’re here to watch these dudes fight to see who’s the best. All the talking in extra shit really doesn’t matter. They’re gonna have to step in that cage and it’s literally only thing that matters. I don’t give a fuck with these dudes had for breakfast or how they treat their wife. I literally don’t care
Why does everybody keep saying "it's harmless"? Nobody is saying being a dork is hurting anyone lol. The whole conversation is "is Izzy lame?", and everyone saying "well he is cringe, and a bit of a dork" isn't exactly a good argument against that.
[removed]
i don’t want to see the majority but a giant chunk of the fan base for the sport don’t actually care about the sport. They just want to see two people try and hurt each other. And when that’s your end goal. You don’t really have anything to talk about until that happens so you just try and find stuff and it ends up being the gossip girl shit
i think some people might not think being a dork warrants all the hate izzy gets because of it...like i don't think being a dork in real life means you should get bullied and hated on for being a dork
You guys certainly act like Izzy being a dork is hurting you personally
[removed]
I’m all for more Asian fighters coming to the UFC. These Kazakh guys have some real potential
Someone on a thread yesterday was just saying how they were pretty sure this dude would sign to UFC very soon.
Central Asia taking over
Kazakhstan's number 1 export is about to go from potassium to badass combat sport athletes
If you think I'm about to spend the next few hours looking up some random Kazakh fighter then you're absolutely right.
Nice I’m really high on his potential.
Kazakh invasion. Zhalgas lead the charge at 125
I'm glad to see the UFC actively building the flyweight division back out in a rapid pace in terms of bodies. I criticize the UFC rightfully all the time but this is the right move. Of course it's a course correction considering you know, they were on the verge of purging the division. Likely due to wanting to break more into Asia then realizing that they're shooting themselves in the foot.   This idea that flyweight has anything but the same amount of world class talent as any of 135-170 is just incorrect. There's no reason the division should only have 30 guys in it and certainly no reason it should ever been cut from the promotion.
Azamat Bagatov
Shavkat 2.0 ☝️☝️ let's go
Let’s Maksum noise for this next fighter
"Very nice."
Very nice! May he smesh many uzbecks.
When asked to comment on the UFC's signing of its newest flyweight Brandon Moreno held his championship belt above his head and said, "Lalalalala you will never get this!!!"
Lets hope he isn’t another Khusein Askhabov
Laura Sanko salivatin rn.
More central Asians comin w/ high hopes only to get f'd over by the UFC.. good luck!
how many cans
Nobody else has a Flyweight division
I fucking love how diverse the UFC’s flyweight division is. So many different countries and fighting styles.
Dimash Kudaibergen can sing their entrance theme 🥰
Genghis will be proud!
Watched some of his recent fights. Clearly a decent fighter but I don’t think he would last a round with iether Moreno or Figueroa. But luckily he probably won’t have to as he’ll be fighting up for the next couple of years.
I keep seeing Kazakh dudes everywhere.  There's even a young new sumo wrestler that just hit the top division. Kinbozan.
Dagestan 2.0 you heard it here first.
I was just about to come comment that lmao Kazakh takeover. The flyweight division has 4 amazing prospects right now holy shit
Mongols straight up dominating .. again.
All other nations have inferior combat sport athletes.
Since you are at it, check out Arman Ashimov.
there are a lot of good talents i follow but i think the biggest prospect for me i think would be miss firuza sharipova transitioning to mma since she is still young and has so much potential if she can make the transition
I hope that doesn’t mean Maksum will have a fun but underwhelming and short ufc stint
Media outlets reached out to newly signed prospect Azat Maksum to respond to current champ Moreno, to which he said: “The only thing keeping me going is my dream of one day holding Pamela in my arms and making romance explosion on her stomach.”
MMA fans when a young fighter from the regional scene hasnt fought the GOAT of his division before being signed to the UFC
Judging from records, first 8 opponents were trash, next 8 are okay regional guys. Quite normal resume for an up and coming guy, doesn't seem like a can crusher.
Not as much as I thought tbh
All.
Or you know, we can just go by the actual place they're from, Kazakhstan instead of that bs.
But first, where can I hear unhear it?
Brazil 3.0
Dogestan
If you're a fan of flyweight prospects, you should keep an eye on the upcoming road to ufc tournaments because they include some of the top Asian flyweight prospects. The most notable ones, in my opinion, are:  Joshua van(7-1), 21 years old.  Rei Tsuruya(6-0), 20 years old.   Mark climao(8-1), 25 years old.     But unfortunately only one of them will be signed because of the tournament format. But it's encouraging to see the UFC determined to make flyweight a strong division.
Who are the other three? Genuinely asking — not super knowledgeable of the flyweight division.  I’m assuming Tatsuro Taira and Muhammad Mokaev are two of them?
kazakh takeover yessir  i hope miss firuza sharipova comes over next i think she can do very well in womens division and she has already talked about wanting to do it seriously
Damn Mongorians…
Muslim Mongols. Shades of Tamerlane.
It is heavenly ordained under the eternal blue sky that our warriors would succeed
Central Asians are Turkic people, not Mongolians.  Don't let any of them hear you say that
Hehe good one
Note that China did not use chain link for the construction of the Great Wall
Cans are part of life in any upcoming fighter or prospect’s careers, but there’s a big difference between beating some fighters with positive records in that run or running through 15 dudes with negative win rates.
Nah Dagestan 2.0 better
while that is true the UFC has been showing willingness to sign fighters who either look strong or put on exciting performances even in losses. I'm going to prove this with my single sample size of Shannon Ross, I hope they make it a habit of giving more guys contracts to try and fill out the division
I am waiting on Arman Ashimov to make his debut on UFC. He was suppose to make the debut in 2020, then 2022.   The rumour is he has already been signed, and his name is already in the UFC fighter list.      The guy has very exciting style. Has crazy one punch knock out power.
I don’t necessarily think only one will be signed. Pretty sure all of the finalists got signed from the last Road to UFC tournament.
Along with Jake Hadley! Do you know him?
Dem Mongorians knocking down the shitty walls of UFC
Scourge of God incoming
Kazakhs are half Turkic, half Mongolic. Literally came from Golden Horde lmao
his past seven wins are on average 8-3 and a combined 58-17 at the time he fought them, not  impressive but far from padded
That was contender series tho, not road to ufc
Keep up the good work champ, pioneering the single sample size game is tough work but someone has to do it.   Looking forwards to seeing how the game continues to progress into the mythical zero sample size strategy.
I don’t! Will have to check out his fights. Thank you!
I'd say that's pretty good for regional Asian MMA
Then he is an exciting prospect tbh.
Oh yeah don't get me wrong he's either headed for the chopping block or already there but he was fun while he lasted. Am I right or what haha
No problem! Let me know what you think, him and Mokaev have some long standing beef so they’ll likely fight someday
[UFC 287 Predictions are up](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/predictions/)  [Flair bets are here](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/12d8eu4/official_flair_betting_thread_april_06_2023)
Of course Dana the fuckin prick had to ruin the presser by bitching about fighters not getting along. What’s the point of doing a press conference prick? You don’t want the fighters to talk some shit??? Something is going on with that dude man. I’ve been noticing it for a while now. I don’t know if his doctor reduced his TRT dose or if his wife keeps asking for a rematch back home but he’s acting like a teenage girl these days. What a douche! Sad!
Dana was an absolute clown in the press conference. Embarrassing.
Shout out to the dude editing embedded episodes everyday. Insane deadlines, dana breathing down your neck and no one even notices. I'm there for you if you need to talk.
Anyone wish the UFC didn't persist with London as the go-to UK location? I get why given its the major British social hub, but it's incredibly hard for fans in the North.  If we're gonna start doing two UK shows a year keep London at the 02 and move the second card around the country. Manchester, Birmingham, Glasgow, Cardiff, Belfast, Newcastle etc.
Izzy would double down on the dog collar lmao
Adesanya has been acting really really really weird lately. Like, "got knocked out by Alex Pereira and hasn't been the same since" level weird  This strengthens my belief that he's going to come back worse from the KO and lose harder
I like Raul Rosas but he talks like if you fed every single interview with Brett okamoto into chat GPT
[Team CKB don't accuse your opponent of IV use with no evidence challenge ](https://twitter.com/stylebender/status/1644171020872327169?cxt=HHwWgoCxkaK1otEtAAAA)  Difficulty level: IMPOSSIBLE
If I was an MMA fighter I would force my coaches to scream my favorite quotes during the fight instead of technical advice
Tito quotes have fallen out of fashion it seems
Nunes vs Pena 3 as a headliner for your big Canada card is very insulting tbh
dear sweet baby jesus, please let Pereira make weight
Half the champs on no defenses right now excluding volk/islam. Wild to think Aljo is the most dominant champ coming over question marks on most of his champ fights.
LHW is so fucking weird. Nobody in this division keeps any shine. As soon as they have an all time performance they lose a one sided beating. The current champ has a recent brutal submission loss to a gatekeeper. Jan has a terrible one-sided loss, Glover has a terrible one-sided loss, Ankalev put on such a poor fight with Jan that Dana decided to award the belt to whoever won a title eliminator the very next month.   You know they miss Jon Jones at this weight class.
Some cauliflower ears look pure rectal.
Remember when Dana vilified Mighty Mouse for being a poor drawing champ and threatening to close his weight class because of it.  Meanwhile Nunes pulls even worse numbers and gets main event after main event.  I haven’t seen someone trying and failing to get something over this much since Chris Jericho and Fozzy.
Scary caveman screaming voice: INTRODUCING THE CHALLENGER, ISRAEL ADESANYAAAAA!!!!!!  Camera pans to right, small angry man with fanny pack appears
Somehow talent in UFC has never been worse while company is bigger than ever due to their lame social media sell out connections with YouTube clowns. Leon lol, Alex, Jones who’s there to be beat, Islam lol, Volk ok good, Sterling LOL and 125 doesn’t count. That’s your champs in 2023, they’ll never sign the Bellator guys cause will easily beat all the champs and once again, I’ll be proven right tehehe. DownbadFC, the world famous regional show.
Sucks that Anik and Florian is on DraftKings now, full of ads
I wonder if Nate regrets leaving after seeing the Jake Paul gravy train take a hit. I guess he can always get paid in Gamebred Boxing
Raul Rosas Jr about to get humbled tomorrow.
If I hear the term sticky jab one more time before Saturday…
[alEX PerEiRa, iSraEL adEsaNYA sepAraTeD](https://youtu.be/Cxa6CMtshwk)  Media fuckers really know how to turn chicken shit into into salad
just grabbed tickets for the Charlotte UFC card. gonna surprise my pops for his bday
Kinda funny Demian Maia doesn't have the record number of submission wins in his weight class in the UFC. This is because he fought in two different classes.   But he has more UFC wins by submission than either of the two people who DO have the records at MW and WW; more than Gerald Meerschaert, and more than Gunnar Nelson. Maia just doesn't have more in either specific weight class.  Maia is tied for second most submission wins at MW and WW. **He is even tied for second most submission wins in UFC history overall regardless of weight class**. Always a bridesmaid, I guess.
NGL the 2 on 1 fights w the Fight Circus Boss are pretty hilarious. That siamese boxing was unreal too lol. Credit where it's due.
Apologies for previously posting in a space that may not have been appropriate. I hope it is okay if I try here     I am a psychology professor from University of Arkansas, currently  conducting research on how people perceive MMA fighters. Seeing that  this is a subreddit of MMA fans, I figured that your expertise would be  much appreciated in helping me understand these perceptions better!  Study Link: [https://uark.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_3fb5DlAtb8KXovs](https://uark.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_3fb5DlAtb8KXovs)
So Poatan is just gonna walk Izzy like a dog right
why is Burns awake rn??? He just sent a pic in his insta group thing.
honestly i'm still annoyed that Eddie Alvarez lost to Donald Cerrone, its one of the reasons Eddie is so disrespected by the general mma community today.  i always thought Alvarez was the better fighter, but only lost due to Cerrone taking advantage of IV Rehydration with his size advantage.  Cowboy looked at least 20lbs bigger than Alvarez, back then he would use IV Rehydration to rehydrate after depleting himself to 155, to avoid any side effects of the weight cut (compromised durability, speed, power etc)  after the IV Rehydration Ban, Cowboy was forced to move to 170 after getting ko'd by dos anjos (who himself was suffering from the effects of the IV ban) as he could no longer fight at 155 without being depleted  when he returned to LW in 2019, Cerrone started being depleted af at Lightweight, and started losing a lot. Making Donald look worse, which ultimately makes Eddies loss to Cowboy look a lot worse than it actually was, its unfortunate that people dont understand that eddie lost to a version of Cerrone on the IV Rehydration.  i Truly believe Alvarez & Barboza both would've beat the living shit out of Cowboy if either of them rematched him after the IV ban.
The takes on social media after the Islam - volk fight saying the dagestani wrestling style had been “solved” were hilarious.   Just to be competitive with Islam let alone win:  Be a top 3 p4p fighter in the world , have superhuman cardio , strength and speed like Volk has still end up stuck in a body lock and lose.  Solved bro
wtf is this about hasbulla and a cat
I am the greatest heavyweight of all time
Alex should walk out to Ambush by Sepultura this weekend
Weigh in time baby boys
heavyweight mma isn’t real just take them down
Islam still wakes up with twitches to the thought of holding onto Volk for dear life just waiting for the time to run out. Brotha Plz Help Me, Brotha now im taking GNP Help, Never seen a man get back control aka safest position in fighting, and get punched in the face the whole time, not land a punch himself and lose a round on the back LOL. Hilarious, P4P baby. Down bad
Chris Weidman really is delusional 😂
Imagine if Pereira wins and in the post fight interview he says Israel was "frozen, like Elsa", and the whole crowd goes nuts.  I'd be legit sad for Izzy.
Izzy really combined a gimp collar with traditional Maori dress and everybody is just ok with it lol.
I wonder if any UFC fighters fuck with Beach House. probably at least one
My hot take prediction is Julia Budd beats Pacheco tonight. Uneventful unanimous decision incoming
Ares 14 is pretty good, man. Love the hands of this russian/french woman just absolutely starched her opponent with ease. Knockdown, allowed her to stand instead of g&p just to get more accurate shots in, awesome performance
What's your guys opinion on yanez vs font? I think he'll pull it off but I feel like I'm just biased lol
When does PFL start ?
Did ONE provide any update on that guy who got head-kicked into the void today? The last we saw of him he was still limp on the canvas and then they stretchered him away off camera
Oh fuck apparently UFC 289 is in Vancouver! https://www.instagram.com/p/Cqv0ahlpRE3/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=
Is Leon Scott in Miami right now? He said he would be there.
It's interesting how "catching" someone counts, as long as you don't knock him out.. Izzy catching Alex at the end of rd 1 means he's better, but Alex catching Izzy and finishing him was lucky because he got the finish
What good wrestlers has Izzy beaten ?   Only Brunson comes to mind, Yoel doesn't use his wrestling a lot and neither does rob. There's also Vettori but do people really consider him a great fighter ?
Mods should swap the : no sexualizing fighters rule for a no posting about how a random wwf person should fight a ufc fighter   Dana was so correct to bitch slap the schmo like that
What other rivalry are as one-sided as Alex and Izzy
Only DC thinks if he retired after beating Stipe he’d be the goat
I’ve been away this week, are any of the Embeddeds worth watching?
Any fans of FNC in here? Any fighters I should be aware of?
What are the odds we see a Lesnar vs Lashley mma fight now that endeavor owns WWE?
Mcgregor liked drakes post about the new song  They act like two legends cannot coexist
Was hoping Dustin did that weigh in show, but it would have been a few more hours away from his family so I understand why he didn’t do it
Sterling vs Oliveira openweight, who you got
Win or lose, Michael Chandler should simply call out Finn Bálor
Pereira will be 36 in July. Adesanya could have pulled a Rampage vs Wand 3, wait a year or so and catch Pereira on the downslide.
Seems like Kevin Holland is really trying to get out of his fight.   Could be having issues with the weight.  EDIT: He tried to make it a catch weight fight. Thought he wouldn't make weight. I was wrong. Dude's a professional.
For an American sport we seem to absolutely never lately have scary prospects or even champs. Bo Nickal I guess, Jones i guess? Can we get some fucking american player in any fucking weight division where it seems inevitable that they will win on the same level watching the bullshit predetermined matches of Islam Makcehev. I mean truly is there one scary rising american prospect in any weight division at all, fuck it male or female?
Drake and Future dropping fire songs/verses tonight  Automatic classics like a Conor fight
Is Alex Pereira the best Muslim fighter that doesn't have a "kha" sound in his name somewhere.
They just merged with the family friendly WWE the slow death started years ago but this will now accelerate it
Yeah what the fuck is with him ? Something actually interesting happens and he cries like a toddler
I just don’t watch him and assume he is a clown any time he speaks. The comments suggest I am always right in my assumption.
He’s the president of the UFC, would it hurt to show a bit of respect? He puts these fights on for us every week
I think theyve got a deal with the 02 or some shit, but yeah, being from cardiff £400 a ticket plus travel and accommodation is not worth it for me lol, that's a 2 week all inclusive holiday
> Manchester, Birmingham, Glasgow, Cardiff, Belfast, Newcastle etc.  Lot more hassle to scout and figure out all the ins & outs of new accommodations for these huge events.  No way the UFC eats those additional costs of moving all around when they can amortize those costs over multiple uses of same location.
Isn't it like a 3 hr trip from strawberry upon strapfordshire or wherever the fucking is the north to London?
Resounding no, this island is wretched and I want as few eyes on it as possible
as a hater, I hope you're right
He's gonna lose, rematches usually go worse the 2nd time through. The only time they don't is when there's a massive skill gap and that isn't the case between these 2.
He lost his mojo/swagger. His persona was cringe to begin with, but at least when he was winning he had a believable confidence to him. This time he comes off like he doesn't want to be there as a challenger with his back against the wall. And he can't possibly feel confident in beating a guy who already holds three wins over him and knocked him out twice in a row.   In his mind he knows if he loses again here it's irreparable damage to his legacy so he's surely on edge and more anxious than ever. And if he loses where does he go from there? They're putting that belt on Khamzat next 100% after milking what they can out of this rivalry. Khamzat makes light work of the winner of this week's fight the way he did Holland. So then Izzy's only move next is go to 205 again and hope he can fight Jiri for the belt in 2024, or retire from MMA.
Haven't been keeping up, what's he doing weird?
They need to be monitoring Izzy’s tit growth
IVs are legal tho, so I dont see the problem
Izzy's corner: "Let it go! Let it go! Can't hold it back anymore!."
I'm an aquarius, but respect! ✊
To be fair, anything that makes no sense is hard to remember.
Nunes is asking Canada if they wanna see a dead body.
So good man this whole chapter from the illegal knee has been fucking gold
LHW is the worst division, very weak at the top and the middle of the division, no fresh up and comers, nothing exciting at all. HW has aspinall, pavlovich, Almeida and now Jones is active and defending, MW has Pereira who kind of revitalized it and Khamzat moving up, LHW has nothing going
I think LHW is so volatile because the fighters aren’t so big and heavy that they can’t be heaps talented, but they are so big and heavy that there is so much power equalisers.   The best fighters can still just get sparked out, and the worst fighters can win just through power. So the fights can seem so random.  The random aspect makes fans think less of fighters who can’t maintain winning streaks.
Honestly Bellator has a better LHW division
If your rectum looks like Ponz’s then please see a doctor
While simultaneously ducking the only somewhat interesting contender in her division (Aldana).
Rogan?
Teep is that you?
Get that adblock baby
He should fight Perry in BKFC or box Ngannou
But then tbf there's not much activity in general. I mean outside of fight week, for 2m subs, it's rather dead. Even during fight week, it's mainly just the results that pick up activity. Compare it with the likes of the F1 sub. This place has definitely diminished over the past 2 years.
What do you mean, "for having 2m members"? There is a strong negative correlation between a sub having lots of users and a sub being good. Many such cases!
He should really show up wearing a pirate hat and that plaid ass headband.
Will you accept "Tasty jab"?
I was pumping my jab til I crossed
Can't squeeze blood from a stone.. they're covering a bunch of fighters who either don't speak english or give generic, boring answers. Have to try to get people to click somehow, it is what it is.
> Always a bridesmaid, I guess.  Fits with getting and losing title shots too I suppose.
Virgin Maia vs Chad Charles
Was really hoping for gifs here on April 2nd
i thought it was a forced feminization kind of thing
I hope so but dude has come so close to beating Alex multiple times, I have money on Izzy. Nothing would make me happier than Alex KOing this dude again but the MMA gods are cruel.
probably best to go to bed late on fight week so he’s not tired during his fight
>his insta group thing.  Hah, what?
Lol that's what I was thinking, glad some of you lads are in that thing.
USADA came a knocking maybe
I don’t think the kinds of fans who disrespect Alvarez even saw that fight, or were around when Eddie came in from Bellator.  The truth is Eddie hit his prime around 25-28 years old. He was probably the best lightweight in the world when he was bouncing between DREAM and Bellator. He was the one guy you wanted to see take on BJ Penn. Shinya Aoki was ranked #2 by most just because he beat Alvarez.  I think the Chandler fights put a lot of miles on him, and shook his confidence to a degree. He was never the same stone cold killer after those. And his performances against Melendez and Pettis in the UFC as well were uninspired, not just Cerrone. I think he was a different guy, and he probably got a bit lucky against RDA, because we never saw that elite, dangerous guy post-Bellator.  I was cageside when he fought Pat Curran, and at the event where he fought Pettis. Talk about a tale of two different fighters. He just primed in his mid-late twenties, and was already 30 when he got to the UFC. Most people didn’t see him at his best, he wasn’t famous yet.
To be fair, his opponent was Dagestan's current top fighter and Khabib's training partner from childhood. It was a best vs best fight and Islam didn't win by a huge margin.  "Solved" might be overstating it, but I'm not sure how you can say it's hilarious.
3-2 loss exiting the 5th round in top position as the featherweight fighting at LW  Everyone else like Poirier, Oliveira, Gaethje, etc got mauled and finished by the wrestling whereas with Volk, all Islam got by grappling was one round on the scorecard via body triangle
That lock is BJJ. If you did the body triangle ib wrestling you’d pin yourself and lose
They're making him fight a house cat gladiator style
He kind of physically abused his cat live on social media. And rightfully got a lot of hate lol
Oh, your face! You're practically Hollow. But who knows, going Hollow could solve quite a bit! Hah hah hah hah…
Refuse/Resist would be nice. Or Ratamhatta or Roots Bloody Roots. Any of those would be savage  Just now wondering why Brazilians don’t walk out to Sepultura
Poor Canadians are gonna end up with a Nunes main event. Even if the UFC are doing it with good intentions it should be clear by now she's not gonna get over with casual fans.  What's wrong with using her to prop up a champion that needs help. Co-main Jamahal Hill's first defence for example.
Jamahal defending. I don't think Jiri will be ready, so maybe against Ankalaev. If they can't get Jamahal they might just give up on the card, by doing a title fight no one cares about like Nunes vs Aldana to get it over with and saving the good fights to stack 290.
Gaethje vs Porier headline pls
Guys, if we post the pic of Islam's bruised face or the pic of him looking up at the clock just a few more times, we can get the fight overturned and award Volk his rightful W. Don't give up!
There was a fight a few months back, I can't remember who the fighters were but the guy that had taken his opponents back was getting his face destroyed by punches I couldn't believe he never bailed on the position lmao.
Notice me senpai!
It's art bro
What is this beach house you speak of?
It would’ve been possible a few years ago, but Budd’s past her prime these days.
Font’s still underrated due to how his last couple fights went. I’ve been around some of their camp, trained under Rob’s longtime kickboxing coach and their BJJ coach was my old teammate who’s a prodigy freak. I’m obviously biased too, but they cross train with all the best on the east coast and just keep getting better. I think Rob’s in his prime and has a couple more years to go for the title. Yanez is crazy talented but I think they excel in the same areas and it’s just not the right matchup for him
7PM EST
Nobody really, but that’s not really on him. There’s no great wrestlers in middleweight
He was protected from wrestlers on the come-up, there's a lot of grapplers in the sport who could've taken advantage of a green Izzy and got a Paul Craig vs Jamahal Hill type of win over him. Funny how he got to skip those fights yet accused Alex of being protected from grapplers.. the same way he's now accusing Alex of cheating while showing up to fight week with a titty. Something something stones and glass houses..
Schmo usually has a decent question despite the annoying gimmick, but yeah...he was trying extra hard with that question
Honestly? If someone like Chad Gable (37 year old Olympian wrestler) or the Creed brothers (NCAA All-Americans) wanted to do one-off crossover fights, the UFC could use them to build some of the 4-0ish guys they’re signing off Contender Series. Get Bo Nickal some experience in fights that would draw crossover viewership. I don’t think it’d be a big deal to experiment with
It's not entirely one sided in context. Izzy was arguably robbed in their first fight by decision (and I say this as an Izzy hater). The 2nd fight, he had his moments before he got KOed. 3rd fight, he is up on the scorecards going into the 5th round and gets TKOed.   So, its not like he was washed out for the entirety of 3 fights. With that said.. in no way shape or form would he be getting a 4th fight with a guy who holds 3 wins over him if he wasn't a recipient of Dana White Privilege. Aldo never got his rematch, don't tell me Izzy deserves a 4th try to get a win back.
Well considering the first fight was a robbery, and the second and third he was on his way to victory, he seems to win every round that he doesnt get knocked out in, that's fairly competitive imo, and although it makes good story, I dont think kickboxing should make any different to their UFC careers, so izzy definitely deserves his rematch being a long time dominant champion who was headed towards another win
H I S T O R I C
0, lesnar’s body can’t handle mma anymore. He can’t take any body shots since he had his intestine surgery and fuck knows what other consequences of trening as hard as he has for that long
what are the odds anyone gives a fuck dude
That garbage ass song with the most trash mix I’ve heard since Drake’s dance album.
He wouldn’t have been good at it…
??? That’s not even a question
The black dread
Alex is way fresher in the MMA game
Last I heard he was trying to talk himself into 2 more fights, so what do you mean?
TRAILBLAZER doesn’t do that Duck Duck Goose stuff. He’s into wack a mole. This Saturday expect a new high score
High level athletic prospects in America tend to aim for real sports that pay a livable entry-level wage and the potential for 10x what MMA pays at the highest levels.
‘Bullshit predetermined matches’? Lmao.
Drake is a groomer and all his music is carried by his producers and ghostwriters
shoutout to Push for making drake acknowledge his own son 🙏
Probably something with the WWE merger.
It’s fine if he doesn’t want to answer but he should shut the fuck up if the fighters are willing to answer a question.
Would it hurt him to show fighters, fans, and journalists a bit of respect? I think most people respect what he’s done for the industry but the fact is he’s proven himself to be a scumbag time and time again
Yes, but hotel and travel costs in the UK are extortionate.
my brother
Wearing dress, wearing dog collar, very testy and dramatic at media day, posting sus tweets [Kirby penis, and baseless accusations towards Alex that usada should monitor them around the clock until fight time]  Those are just a few off top of my head
INB4 izzy shows up with gorgeous symmetrical b cups and also wearing a rash guard.
Why are you looking at his titty though?
> IVs are legal tho, so I dont see the problem  They are not legal in Australia.  Commission rules are binding because they sanction events, USADA rules are enforced by the UFC and cannot override or change commission rules.
They shouldn't be, and most people didn't think they were until Islam-gate. Allowing IVs just encourages performance enhancing bending of the rules, i.e. extreme weight cuts to bully smaller opponents.
Yeah mine
> LHW has nothing going  *Daaaaaamn* Hill gets no respect at all.  Dude put on a masterclass of anti-grappling and destroyed the same guy that gave Jiri all he could handle in a one-sided domination that absolutely nobody predicted, and yet people give him zero credit for exceeding all reasonable expectations.
Jailton needs to stop fooling around. I can't imagine the UFC isn't lightly suggesting that he should move down to LHW.
You’re just jealous I had a great night
Nah, I've got a little Poirier.
No; I been saying pack up Bellator for years. They have better young talent and even champs right now then UFC and product is unwatchable and never delivers me excitement unless Fedor is around one way or another. Pack it up boys, Let Big John run you into the ground too
This sub is an echo chamber for some views though so it's still in many ways quintessential Reddit.
Deep Fried Jab and no less!
Bruh. The story on that fight is insane. There's no need to bullshit people about it
Nah, Maia never lost by submission. Unlike Oliveira.
Poatan in rd 4 via the high heels and hella good hair
I think that’s dudes point though   People talking about, not specifically Islam, but “the style has been solved” is wild because it’s not replicable for 99% of the sport
It’s hilarious because it implies anyone can just do what volk did. We won’t see anyone challenge Islam like that again
He got taken down 4 times and gave up about 7 some minutes of control time and had all of his offensive wrestling stopped by Islam (4 TD attempts by Volk). It was a good showing by Volk credit to him I thought he was going to get subbed, but goes to show how dominant Team Khabib have been that an essentially high level grappling + striking winning performance is used as an example of their style being solved and the fact that it wasn't MORE dominant is being used to praise the losing fighter.
Exactly. Volk is one of the best guys to ever do it , I don’t think there’s anyone else who will challenge Islam like that again
No 'kind of' about it - the man is a grade A cunt. Scum.
Shout out Thiago Silva
Amazon by Gojira
Most don't listen to metal for starters and definitely not badass thrash/groove metal from the 90's. Despite Sepultura being from Brazil.
Islam knows he lost and got saved by the bell anyway. You cant lie to yourself, the only thing a fighter remembers is how the fight ended. Thats his last memory, on his back getting pounded and clock saving him, gassed out for 2 rounds. I dont care what some corrupt loser judges say anyway, Islam got his ass beat and spirit broken in there. He knows and 0 chance he can pass a lie detector if someone asked him if he won the fight.
Dude, if you get the back and get beat up, you need to retire from fighting lol. Personally my gift in wrestling as a kid then to football/basketball was i had the quickest first step and i think thats why I always could get the back of guys, not saying I kept it always but I felt in complete control and could do anything once I got the back + I never wanted to let anyone hit me so id clinch/get back the second they threw back..I was a front runner like Conor lol, greek god chin but never wanted to be touched before I even knew what CTE was...its why I was worst person to train with cause ima selfish lover and a selfish training partner but my personal belief for every fight is the goal is to get off first, land the hardest punch you can fast hoping to get a KO/ put fear in them, then get the back either standing or after a takedown.  The goal of every fight should be to get the back, if you cant KO them fast in my eyes. To see Islam just sit there helpless and have nothing was honestly shocking to me. I never thought he was that good as you can see from my past posts but that was straight up hilarious, Volk literally smashed his face in and Islam landed 0 strikes, and people really gave Islam that round. 99/100 times Id give it to the guy with the back, that was the 1 time he lost hands down lol. The only 2 Dagastanis I rate are Umar/Usman..they are the truth for sure. True fighters and already complete fighters at 25
I also pray for Jon Jones
you get it
a very good band
Idk I think she looks ok. I just rewatched the Aspen Ladd fight this morning and I think that should have been 29-28 Budd. Her fights aren’t exactly barnburners but I think due to the shallowness of the larger women’s weight classes she still has a lot she can do
Thanks for the good insight 👍
Yeah it's just that people keep saying that alex hasn't fought any wrestler but like you said, they aren't any good ones in the division
I think Izzy did enough as MW champion to get the rematch, no matter against who, the travesty here is Aldo not getting his.
Yes exactly right, it’s not a DC Jones situation. In which both fights were essentially a one sided shut out. All three of there fights were competitive until they weren’t …
tbf aldo and adesanya situation is different. Aldo got a short notice offer but turned that down then conor went on to do his LW run. Conor also never really rematched fighters he beat, only those he lost to.
He was winning until he lost all three fights!
Don’t comment on real music if you got nothin nice.   CLB We aim for the head we don’t aim to please
What does that have to do with anything? You think he just gets a fresh new healthy body because he goes into a new sport? Not that it really matters cause Izzy is already 33 now anyway, his time at the top is coming to an end soon, wheter he wins saturday or not.
is this a real quote? if not, my man you have the skill
Average Reddit drake take  The producer thing is also an insane thing to say as if he hasn’t given nearly everyone a hit single
Shoutout to Drake for giving Push the album promotion he desperately needed  One of the worst aging disses in hip hop  Still love King Push, 6 God just comes first
What has he done for him to be a scumbag? Sounds like you have a personal vendetta
I feel it, especially in London I'm sure the cost to stay is fucked. I had a UFC event 2 hours from me but luckily I live in the Midwest US so even in the city it wasn't that bad for 6 of us to Airbnb overnight.
He's always been a fucking weirdo but man something broke in his brain when he got beat a 3rd time from this dude.
Baseless accusations from CKB? They would never!
That is regular adesanya. He posted a video mastubating his dog once
Daaamn then why Islam team kept tweeting about IVs are legal? And what was the proof Ali kept hinting about that would expose Dan Hooker?
Lol damn.  I think it'll be fun just to see Pena get put through a striking clinic by Nunes. Especially since Pena seems to not have the self awareness to understand how one sided the second fight was.
Hill is great and I think he'll beat Jiri, I wasn't really saying the champ was bad but I feel like the Jan/Ankalaev/Krylov/Smith contender lineup is not exciting, Jiri and Hill are the only exciting guys at the top of the division. And there's no prospects, Jimmy Crute looked good early on but his striking turned out to be terrible
Absolutely agree.
Becky in the corner
He's walked out to Itsari for all of his fights in the UFC... they're all from the same album though lol besides Refuse/Resist.
I hadn’t listened to any Sepultura back when Thiago was still in the UFC. Didn’t realize he walked out to it. That’s so sick and fitting. What a scary mofo
Love me some Gojira!
Nobody is reading this
How good at rugby were you as a kindergartner? National team?
Don’t get me wrong I’ve been one of the bigger Julia defenders over the years. I think you can make a case for her being one of the more underrated WMMA “legends” (along with Kaufman and Carmouche)
Hahah- oh fuck, you're not trolling
You don’t think it’s sus how he goes after young women ?
i'm glad he did cos Daytona is better than anything drake has ever released
It’s not a personal vendetta at all, my views are shared by a pretty large portion of the fanbase. And it’s also quite well known the type of scummy things he’s done and continues to do - exploitative fighter pay being the chief one.
Ah, can't say I disagree then, though I like Jan for being such a real dude, so it hurts me to admit it.
Jailton Almeida is a great prospect whenever he comes back down to LHW. I also feel like the UFC should try to acquire Vadim Nemkov. Maybe swapping him with Ankalaev would be good trade for both all 4 parties involved. A division with Rakic, Nemkov, Hill, Jiri, Almeida, and Pereira? has the potential to be exciting.
Ah my mistake, got confused as to whether or not, it was Ratamhatta or not. I haven't listened to Sepultura's Roots album in a very long time.  Well since he's only ever walked out to Itsari than I doubt he's going to change it.
I did and his point is not wrong could’ve definitely streamlined his argument and left the ego out
1. Why would anyone want to be friends with him if this was seriously something he did?  2. Literally hasn’t happened
Daytona is amazing and always a fun listen but you’re crazy
Certified nobody
I know I have a small penis but I’m still a human being :(
[UFC 287 Predictions are up](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/predictions/)
a champ has KO'ed and beat the challenger 3 times and is still the underdog.  Crazy.  Only comprable rivalries is wand vs. rampage
Maybe for 50 clean tests, instead of a leather jacket, they can give out training bras.
Big titty go home
The accusation/trash talking doesn't anger me. It's the fact that he refused to talk at the press conference because "he just wants to fight, no talk" or whatever, then he unleashes on Twitter a few hours later.
He's probably right but a 33 year old man who grows a tit out of nowhere can not talk.
I just..Izzy literally showed up with a tit. Wild of him to be talking about people cheating.
Gyno Izzy is the one who said this?
Excuses starting already?
Staggering hypocrisy, from an athletic 30 year old male who spent some time in Thailand and came back with one (1) titty. That's totally normal for someone who's clean and isn't tampering with their hormones, right guys?  At best all Izzy is going to be able to say here is that it's an even playing field if Alex is on some shit too, which he very well may be. But if he's hoping to be a little snitch and get Alex in trouble while he has a Dana White Privileged greenlight to cycle, that's a bitch move.
Lol, insurance policy.
Bro has a whole titty. Sit the fuck down. That whole camp are a bunch of hypocrites
I kinda hope Izzy just shows up with a big ass titty
CKB loves accusing people of using IVs with no evidence it seems, also they’re in the US now so using IVs to rehydrate is legal (under a certain amount) unlike in Australia where they’re outright banned no matter the amount used. It seems to me Izzy is already sowing the seeds for built in excuses incase he loses on Saturday
I'm sure CKB trains out of Thailand for the nice weather.
New CKB MO if their fighters lose: Accuse opponents of IV/ cheating without any proof whatsoever and never go through official channels because they're the beacons of truth. A population of stupid fans/ haters of the other fighter will run with this narrative regardless.
Rich from a guy who grew a titty in his 30s lmao
I volunteer! I do want to know how poatan can cut to 185 and rehydrate into the massive god that he is 😂.
Alex isn't the one with the gyno titty
Someone get the iv's ready!
Dudes already lining up his excuses
The quote:  >USADA, monitor us from the moment we get off the scale till we hit the arena on Saturday. Have people take shifts if they have to…**no loopholes to jump here**.   I have got questions:   * Is . . . is this a saying anywhere in world?  *No loopholes to jump?*   * Maybe its a more aggressive way to *find* a loophole?   * But if you find a loophole, then you find something that you are *allowed* to do by the contract, so . . .  I'm confused
Class vs no class
Titty boy needs to find a new schtick. CKB acting all butthurt and cries for USADA/WADA when they lose is getting old.
You don't have the same energy when you grew a tit, Titsrael Clitorisanya.
One word: GYNO
lmao is this the new go to excuse for team Izzy/volk?
The dude with gyno wants more testing lol
USADA best test them titties
Make an accusation or don’t.
Jesus he sounds nervous as hell
If you watch the most recent embedded, Alex is hanging out with that shirtless old guy with the mustache and he’s all about injectable peptides lol
CKB at it again.
Seems like the dog is unleashed on twitter already
Israel Gynesanya
Mr. Titties wants stricter USAda testing? That doesn’t sound right.
CKB is the least self aware gym out there
He hasn't even lost yet and he's already making excuses  This man is mentally broken
Man. I think masvidal and Izzy gunna take a nap tomorrow evening lol.
If I had any doubts on who I was going to root for, welp it’s not going to be Izzy
I dont care for weight. DONT MAKE EXCUSE!
I mean you aren't going from making weight at 185 to showing up on fight night 210+ without some help.  Let's be honest with ourselves here.  With that said this is on the UFC for keeping this archaic weight cutting/hydrating policy which incentivizes fighters to cut and rehydrate as much as possible for an advantage.
I have gyno because I used to be an alcoholic
Izzy's going to fuck Alex up. Will be an early knockout. You heard it here first.
Y’all better have the same energy after Saturday towards Izzy m
Nah, it's just Amazon warrior genetics lol
We need Derek from moreplatesmoredates to oversee the testing.
"THEY ALL  ON ROIDS" - MICHAEL SCOTT.   🤙‍
you literally grew a tit in your 30’s fuck off izzy
That was a nasty line by you
Can someone explain to me what I keep hearing about titty’s on Izzy? I don’t understand how that would signify roids. And how would it just be overlooked?
He is focusing on the wrong things. I really think that his mind isn't really in the right place and he knows deep down that Pereira can finish him at any point.  He is feeling the pressure big time and i think that we are going to see an early KO from Pereira on Saturday.
They took the collar off too soon
What the fuck is this tweet by Israel.  https://twitter.com/stylebender/status/1644120425473908736?s=20  If I was a neutral I'll be rooting for Pereira in the hope that he can knock the cringe out of Izzy.
Just fight, no talk
Makes me laugh how some fighters think they’re too good for media (Poirier, Adesanya, etc). They get so bratty about doing media meanwhile it’s 50% of the job, they know what they’re signing up for which is to sell the fucking fight. Luckily they’re contractually bound to do the simplest part of their job.
As a 33 year old man who has just got back to the gym after 3 years off.. can confirm. Two tits or no tits.
so tired of people accusing Izzy of cheating because of this. he has a tit because he breastfeeds sheep and other bardyard animals in the New Zealand countryside in his spare time
Wasn’t Jones vocal about cheating prior to popping? Someone linked a thread from way back where people were praising him and saying that there’s no way he’s on the juice and how he’s such a good example for it and blah blah blah. Not accusing Izzy of anything but it’s wild what people will do for their public image. His teammate Volk doing training camps in Thailand combined with his Gyno are pretty sus tho.
Look, the kind of guy to show up to a fight in a blouse, earings, pearl necklace and later a dog collar, and then talk about his legacy could 100% be alerting USADA to monitor him closely.  Other people aren't like that, but USADA brings out the dog in him!
GSP called for stricter testing and his fans still use it as “proof” he never used PED’s lol it’s just some bullshit athletes say for public image
People can have gyno without using steroids. Who knows why Izzy has it.
City kickboxing has decided to start the cheating accusations before the fight is even lost this time. Atleast with Volk vs Islam they waited until the day after
Leftover stuff from Islam vs Volk
Izzy has a tendency to apply built-in excuses -  coming in underweight against Jan and always making note of it anytime he could. Also along with the IV thing, the other excuse that annoyed me was the “Alex didn’t KO me! It was my Leg Nerve”.   As if Alex wasn’t strategically using leg kicks to fuck him up and instead it was random chance 1 in a million shot. I feel bad for Izzy still - if I was in his shoes I’m sure I wouldn’t take it any better
Probably just a bit suspicious as to how the guy is 30 lbs heavier in the cage than he is at the weigh in without using an IV, I would be too tbh.
How dare you. It was cause of the weed.  A well known tiddy enhancer
He wasn't in or recently in Thailand when he grew the tit, just to be clear.
Alex Jones mother fucker right here lol
Would Izzy tampering with his hormones really be surprising. Paints his nails, wears skirts. We’re looking and the new woman’s light weight champion.
He’s already acting as a giant tit right now.
The whole debacle outed a bunch of people who didn't know the rules. There's almost no doubt fighters having been flouting IV rules all over the place.
Does the WA commission outright ban IVs?  [Their comment](https://www.fightnewsaustralia.com/combat-sports-commission-of-wa-confirms-no-evidence-or-complaint-received-on-iv-usage/) is ambiguous:   > The Combat Sport Commission of Western Australia does not condone any form of cheating within the Combat Sports Industry. The Commission has clear codes and policies that align with the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) and bans the misuse of intravenous drips.
Volk is a part owner of the Bangtao gym, you’re saying he juices too?
What the fuck is this sub on nowadays hahaha, idk dude MAYBE IT'S BECAUSE OF THE FUCKING MUAY THAI GYMS FULL OF KILLERS?  A world class martial arts gym does not go 10 000 kms from home to juice up their fighters. Is "nice weather" really what you think they're claiming to go here for?
I hear there is an experience nurse on call.
I believe I’ve heard of “jumping through loopholes” , but never loopholes jumped.
With no doctors, nutritionists or anything, my first time ever doing it, I cut from 180 to 160 and made it back up to like 176 by fight time which was less than 24 hours. I don’t doubt that with a proper plan and a nutritionist and a doctor on standby he could go from 185 to 210
You probably aren’t a professional athlete where pretty much 100% of people are using with a physique Iike Izzy’s though
I’ll be back Sunday morning
The only thing nasty about that line was his cup size.
Someone with more knowledge can correct me. But my understanding is gyno is a known side effect of steroid use where you don’t properly use a PCT (post cycle therapy)  Gear ducks with your endocrine system and can crash naturally hormone production because the body is getting large amounts from an outside source. So after you cycle you take medicines to kickstart your body’s naturally production so you don’t develop breast tissue and other side effects from having lots of estrogen and other hormones and no testosterone
Search for "gynecomastia steroid usage"
Certain PEDs can aromatize into estrogen and lead to a production of breast tissue in men, gynecomastia.  You either need to be someone whose body aromatizes at a higher rate or on an obscene amount of gear with no AI. PCT’s also help when coming off.
All the other fights were close. I expect the same this time around, regardless of his preflight mannerisms.
If history has shown me anything it’s to *always* trust the anonymous psychologists on Reddit. I’ve bought myself a new house and a new car thanks to those folks.   Alex Pereira round 1 KO it is!   * this post is brought to you by Draft Kings. The world’s favorite gaming and sports betting experience.
I agree.  Not sure of an early ko, but he’s not winning this fight.  If he had no ego, he would have taken a longer break before the rematch (would have let Alex fight somebody else).  I see Alex winning this
Im a buge Izzy fan, but i feel this to my core.
I’m realizing more and more immediate rematches are bad. Especially when losing by finish.   Just like with Marty, I thoroughly believe he beats Leon most any night. But seemed to fight gun shy the whole time, he needed a year off, then one fight against another opponent first.
The people accusing him know nothing about Kiwi culture, and it shows.
Had us in the first half not gonna lie
The kiwis are evolving
People should stop shaming breastfeeding.
I thought it was the welsh who like sheep like that
Not true, I can confirm that Izzy and Costa have a secret deal - and that is how we all get “The Secret Juice”
He is breastfeeding the bitch he took the dog collar from, stop being weird about it
God bless you man
You guys are fucking stupid, LMAO!  Thanks for the laugh.
> Wasn’t Jones vocal about cheating prior to popping?  Yeah.  He called for and got randomized testing approved for his Glover fight pre-USADA.
Training in Thailand doesn’t mean anything
That shit was so funny. Asked for stricter testing for one fight and looked the worst he had on his entire run.
Steroids is why he has it lmao
Ever heard if Occam’s razor? The guy is in a profession where virtually 100% of people are using *something* and then starts showing basically the most classic sign of steroid use. It’s not exactly rocket science to make the obvious connection.
“Alex brought a nurse specifically to give him an IV to rehydrate. Did he really think we wouldn’t notice. Cheating cunt.”
Volk doesn’t fight out of CKB though
The evidence will come out aaaanytime now. Yep, pretty soon. Just a few more ~~weeks~~ months.
Isn’t it OK to us an IV now? I thought that’s what came of the whole thing.
I rewatched the fight recently and it actually looks like it’s Alex checking a leg kick first that seems to hurt Izzy’s leg and leads to the final sequence. Not to take anything away from Alex, he did land some good leg kicks, even one straight after the check, but I think that sequence actually shows how much effective correctly checking leg kicks works. Izzy doesn’t even look like he tries to check or move out of the way of Alex’s kick so to me it looks like he can’t really do much on it.
Can confirm regular weed smoker and I have 2 titties. I'm sure a ton of redditors can relate
New Zealand Thailand tomato tomato
Just to be clear, there was never no thai ladyboys
It all makes sense now... Hes been pumping estrogen!
Yes they do.
No he just has better cardio than Max Holloway while being stronger than Islam Makhachev AND experiencing a noticeable increase in speed in his 30s all naturally brah
They do though to avoid the tests
I've heard *jumping through hoops*, but no mixture of loopholes and athletic activities :)
Lol bro if I saw red vs Izzy I think we’re looking at a new #1 contender so please show me some respect
!remindme 40 hours
Essentially this. Izzy claims he got gyno from smoking weed, which happens, albeit very rarely. But I've never seen anyone in peak athletic shape like a ufc fighter develop gyno from smoking weed. He's definitely hiding something under that gyno titty
Thank you.
I don't like to make predictions because I'm always wrong and anything can happen, but the pressure Israel must be feeling has to be worse than any of their previous fights. Especially since Alex beat him in MMA where Israel was supposed to be the more rounded fighter.
It’s just a part of who he is.  He talked shit at Costa who he demolished. He talked shit at Romero who he just danced with the whole fight. He talked shit at Alex before their first fight. He talked shit with every opponent he had good fights with.
Remember when Costa beat Izzy by psychologically breaking him before the fight? That's how I got my house bro!
Yeah izzy is always a frazzled mess before fights and usually ends up winning. The first Rob fight is probably the best example of this.
Yeah man. It is what it is. Some fighters just got your number....
Probably but he's also fighting against age. He only has so much time left.
While I agree that a brutal KO like that must take a huge toll, especially in a game of inches like MMA, I wouldn't discount how Leon made huge adjustments to avoid situations or straight up win in areas where Usman had the most success in the previous fight.
What? We don't get the dog show in our hemisphere.
Dude an egyptian on the subreddit Welcome brother
New Zealand is a lot like Wales tbh, some nice mountains and lots of sheep. Lots of sheep.
And what is New Zealand if not the Wales of the southern hemisphere
Its a stereotype/joke against both welsh, new zealanders, and someones also Australians
Fighters are way less tested in Thailand and there is a whole underground world of doping labs there specially due to Muay Thai.
Gsp put on a fuck ton of weight and was having some severe stomach issue going into the fight as a result.   Gsp was definitely on gear but my point is that he didn’t look worse against bisping because of not being on it.  Unless you’re talking about Hendricks. I don’t remember which one Gsp was calling for testing
Can I honestly ask for evidence/proof without getting downvoted to oblivion?   Him training in Thailand and the occurence of gyno make a compelling argument, but that's not enough to clap back at someone like they're refuting a proven fact. Most men who experience gyno are older than 50 but it can still occur in younger people because of any number of hormonal problems. 1 in 5 cases of gyno don't even have known causes....   All I'm saying is there's been way more unlikely instances of something being not what we'd reasonably expect, and I believe he's on the juice but I need evidence to use that as a fact
And I’m sure you realise Occam’s Razor isn’t accepted as reality 100% of the time because *it is a concept, not a rule*.
Occam's razor is also not a concept we should live society by lmao
But gyno exists in people who have never taken steroids.   Occam’s razor is the problem-solving principle that recommends searching for explanations constructed with the smallest possible set of elements.  Izzy having gyno naturally would be the explanation constructed with the smallest possible set of elements.     I’m not suggesting it’s impossible he has done steroids. It’s just not as clear-cut as you and others like to think.
Dan Hooker does and he was the one accusing Islam not even Volk himself :D
Ali?
Illegal in Australia, legal in Miami. Different athletic commissions
It's not okay to use IVs, but there's no enforcement so it is okay to use IVs.
Izzy only weighed 200 lbs when he fought at LHW, he was literally below the limit.  Why would he cut to 5 lbs below the limit for no reason? That's just what he weighs  Where did you see pictures of him saying he was 220?
yeah but Izzy only had 1 titty. Something does not add up
Where do you see that?  What I quoted is them saying they align with WADA, which does not fully ban all IVs.
The funniest thing is, you can almost pinpoint exactly when Volk got on whatever gooood shit he’s on now because his physicality improved massively so quickly. You notice a way faster man between the 2nd and 3rd Max fight lol.  Greatest mid 30s athleticism increase of all time.
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2023-04-09 05:32:04 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2023-04-09%2005:32:04%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/12e88ol/1_middleweight_contender_israel_adesanya_calls/jfbd5g1/?context=3)  [**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FMMA%2Fcomments%2F12e88ol%2F1_middleweight_contender_israel_adesanya_calls%2Fjfbd5g1%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202023-04-09%2005%3A32%3A04%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%2012e88ol)  *****  |[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)| |-|-|-|-|
Can you please make a pick so I know to go the other way?
> Especially since Alex beat him in MMA where Israel was supposed to be the more rounded fighter.  Errr Israel *is* the more rounded fighter. Have you even seen Poatan fight lmao 0 ground game. He didn't even fight the wrists in their first MMA fight.  You can be more well rounded and still lose a fight.
To call Izzy vs Romero a “fight” is generous
I just come back to Usman dominating the first and second fights. The second fight was not competitive at all. People forget that, but after the first round, the following 19 minutes were all Usman
Menawar ya basha
I’m a Capricorn but respect
Jiri trains in Thailand and is the most tested dude on the roster. Im not saying these guys are clean im just saying they can and are getting their hands on stuff to dodge tests with or without Thailand.
They don’t use underground labs, because underground labs are notorious for mislabeling or adding compounds. So they get slipped a longer ester pct or oral and then blow the test. There are plenty of legitimate doctors who can prescribe the compound to a trainer/friend/whoever who can then travel with the gear with a legitimate reason to have it and no one has to worry it’s gonna be tbol instead of Anavar etc.
Talking about Hendricks. Bisping he looked not great but he was up a weight and on a massive layoff, so unsurprising.
Some fans kind of retroactively say GSP was a staunch supporter of drug testing for most of his career, but he really only was vocal about it for the last two years of his career and only suggested using randomized testing for two of them.    GSP called for VADA against Condit, Condit suggested USADA instead.  Nothing was settled and neither entered a drug testing program.    Diaz spent years calling GSP a steroid cheat and talked about drug testing, GSP called him crazy in the head and had zero drug testing for that fight.  And then we have the infamous fiasco of the back and forth drug testing negotiations between GSP and Hendricks, the one fight where Georges does actually enter a randomized testing program.
The likelihood of spontaneously spawing a tit in your mid 30s because of "weed" is so low that it's not even worth being considered. Izzys gyno is the closest indicator you can get that he is juicing without actually failing the test.
I mean none of us work for USADA and even if we did, clearly the tests haven’t come back saying he’s a cheater. There are no facts to present, only speculation. All we have are the signs to go off of and if you don’t want to believe that they mean anything than that’s totally fair and fine. But as others have said, this is a sport where a lot of people juice, and we know for a fact that people can beat tests. Cody Garbrandt said in their pre fight presser that TJ Dillashaw showed the entire gym how to beat the tests and that was years before he popped. At the end of the day if it doesn’t impact your enjoyment of the sport then you don’t have to care, but not everyone is going to ignore the signs.
This isn’t a court of law, why do you need to present it as fact ? People who believe “clean until they pop” are imo naive and using that logic believe USADA catch 100% of cheaters, which we clearly know isn’t the case. Especially if you already think he’s juicing too.
I mean…he’s a professional athlete…virtually 100% of professional athletes are on something, I’m not even judging it because they all are but acting like he’s not when he has one of the most tell-tale signs is pretty comical. I legitimately don’t understand how people can think a professional athlete with *signs of steroid use* is clean. Again it’s not even a judgement thing, everyone’s using so I’m not saying he’s awful or should be banned or whatever, but it’s completely obvious he’s using them just like everyone else is.
True
Volk did it as well. As did Eugene.
Not true. That's the USADA rule, that only applies in the absence of a commission rule i.e. Yas Island. Most athletic commissions do not allow IV use at all.  But a lot of fighters sure did out themselves by demonstrating they didn't know this - so we can assume IV use is prevalent.
Izzy weighed in at 194lbs against Jan.
He's only half average redditor
But, if it wasn’t illegal, why hide it? Because Novitzky added some extra context that Okamoto left out regarding athletic commissions.  “Separate of the UFC ADP rules, athletic commissions require any athlete who receives an IV during fight week to (1) obtain permission from the commission before receiving an IV and; (2) disclose use of that IV to the commission after its use,” Novitzky wrote. “Despite the fact that IV use is now permitted under UFC ADP if administered by a ‘licensed medical professional after a licensed physician determines they are medically justified,’ the required disclosure of such use to an athletic commission could possibly jeopardize the commission licensing the fight.”  According to Novitzky, Makhachev may have been required to ask permission and / or disclose any I.V. use to a commission. But, it actually goes deeper than that: lots of athletic commissions have flat-out banned the use of I.V. hydration. Commissions like the Government of Western Australia’s Combat Sports Commission. And UFC 284 took place in Perth, under its jurisdiction.  “The Commission also prohibits the use of intravenous therapies which are used for aiding rehydration from excessive and deliberate dehydration,” a document on its website states. “Any promoter, trainer, or other person registered with the Commission found to be encouraging the use of such methods will be sanctioned by the Commission. Any contestant known to be using these methods will not be allowed to compete.”
He also lost his hair at the point where he underwent this massive increase in athleticism  lol
I don't know if Volk is on steroids, but he was sleep deprived coming into the 2nd Max Holloway fight because USADA woke him up in the middle of the night.  Volk said that it was the reason he looked sluggish.
My prediction: Pereira knocks out Israel before the championship rounds.   Put money on Adesanya by decision.  /s
I think that’s his point though. With him being a better/more well rounded mma fighter he should’ve won but still didn’t so the pressure is probably worse because of it
>Errr Israel *is* the more rounded fighter.  Semantics. You know what I meant
Is he though? Poatan was better in the clinch, and neither was particularly good at takedowns.
Didn't Alex take him down and hold him down at the end of the second? They're both amateur on the ground.
Redundant
What? The second fight was super competitive.   Lol at you disregarding the first round and then just praise Usman. The first round still happened and Leon won it big. Usman won the next three, but it's not like he dominated. He won competitive rounds. Then got ktfo. What exactly are people forgetting? If anything it's that Leon did work.
I get you - results seem to speak, but I rewatched the 2nd fight before watching the 3rd and Leon made huge adjustments that ruined Usmans pressure & and which made it so he wouldn't have his back to the cage.    Having Leon backed up to the cage which is where Usman did the majority of his best work in both striking *and* grappling.  Leon abused the shit out of his kicking game and trusted his close range boxing instead of getting backed up. He didn't let Usman get to where he needed to be to mount his offense.  TLDR: It was a different fight because Leon made it so - not because Usman sucks now. Usman looked just like Usman, he was just getting stifled strategically.  I still tend to agree that immediate rematches after KOs suck though, but just wanted to mention why I think Leon deserves the credit for the performance
is the tourism industry getting better or is it still short sighted, rob-the-tourist, mentality?  for reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LzuZrkEY18
There’s a reason why some fighters are tested WAY more often than others.
The issue with training in Thailand (or Brazil or many places) is USADA doesn’t personally go there to do the testing. They outsource it to a local agency.   Grumblings from some is they believe the locals are biased or paid off and tip off the fighters in advance.
What is this, the picogram channel?
Hendricks was on enough steroids to kill a fucking horse man. That’s why he never did anything after stricter testing got put into place
You can also get gyno from overtraining and causing your T levels to drop, as well as a number of diseases / hormonal issues.   I do appreciate that you said it's an indicator though, not proof. I have an issue with the way people are saying "he has a tit, hes on juice".
I don't understand what you're trying to say, is it that in the absence of facts, speculation is an appropriate replacement?   I just want a clear argument against my statement that we shouldn't use gyno as an absolute indicator. Don't tell me that it stacks with other factors; Don't say it's just a reasonable assumption; please, tell me how it's a CERTAIN correlation. Someone earlier asked for proof and was told "It's because of steroids". Following what you said about there being no facts to present, I don't see how that was an appropriate answer
I'm not saying "clean until they pop". I'm literally only saying that you cannot use gyno as proof. It's a piece of evidence but it is not a fact that every 33 year old with a tiddy or 2 is on gear  also   >This isn’t a court of law  I don't understand this, should fallacies be accepted and thrown around as long as we're not in court? It's the court of society we're in
It was 200.5 against Jan
That language still allows for IVs the same way WADA’s language does.
Dude was doing 100 push ups, 100 sit ups, 100 squats, and running 10 km a day
This. I don't know why everyone says Izzy is better.  Poatan ain't no job Jones, but neither is Izzy.
Watch the fight again. They weren’t competitive. They were clear Usman rounds. Like I said. 19 minutes of one sided fight. No need to rewrite history.
It's definitely better, but if you're planning on professionally shooting videos or photographing, you'll have a bad time. Government institutions are very beurocratic and slow in Egypt, and you need permits to shoot. If you're just planning on going and enjoying the country, it'll be great. But I recommend you go with a tourism company or a guide.
And what is that reason?
Think the important point to consider is that Hendricks was also pushing for stricter randomized testing against Georges.  So it shows that just because one supports stronger testing and is willing to accept it has zero bearing on how much juice is flowing through them.
That’s exactly what my answer was. I literally said you don’t have to believe that it means anything. And I never said that speculation is an appropriate replacement for fact and it’s pretty insane that you even interpreted that to be honest. Did you actually read my comment or were you just looking to argue?
It allows for it if you recieved exemption from the commission which you have to apply for. You can't just do it because a doctor says you can under the USADA rules. But the commission is pretty clearly saying don't do it, the only caveat is that wording allows the commission to use discretion.  “The Commission also prohibits the use of intravenous therapies which are used for aiding rehydration from excessive and deliberate dehydration. Any promoter, trainer, or other person registered with the Commission found to be encouraging the use of such methods will be sanctioned by the Commission. Any contestant known to be using these methods will not be allowed to compete.”
You would have to look at the legal definition of "misuse".
thanks for the insight!
Irregular test results, snitches giving inside info, other Inside information.
Do you have a source in that? Because GSP volunteered himself to the Anti-Doping association before the fight, published his results. While Hendricks refused.
Well in that case, you're not really addressing what I AM saying lmao
Neither could agree on who to get tested by, not just Johny.   > Nevada State Athletic Commission Executive Director Keith Kizer also weighed in on the drug testing situation surrounding the Nov. 16 title tilt, backing up Ehrhardt's claim that GSP's camp balked at WADA testing:  > They were asking, "Well, what do you test for?" My answer is always the same: We test for prohibited substances as listed on the WADA list. (They said), "Well, what does that mean? Does that mean HGH, does that mean this, does that mean that?" Yes, it means it all. The answer then should have been, "OK." ... OK, fine, use VADA. That's not the question. The question is do you want to do outside testing through the athletic commission? And basically, they said we want to know all the tests you do so Georges' medical advisors can vet the test first before we decide. I said I will take that as a no. We will let you know if we're going to do any testing on our own. Goodbye.”
Hendricks refused to do VADA because he and his team thought it was weird that GSP was pushing so hard that he was willing to pay for both side's and that he was featured on their website, they thought he was being like sponsored by them.    Johny countered and said to let NSAC run a randomized testing and initially signed up for that.  GSP's team stalled negotiations a few weeks and so the plug was pulled on getting that together.  To Georges' credit he did finally sign up for VADA and did a few months in that program for their fight, but again Hendricks was also willing to do randomized testing.  Both guys knew they could beat the tests, it was all just PR posturing.
Lol you’re a weird guy. Have a good one.
Aww no don't say that :( peace lol
"I'm wearing a dog leash, because on Saturday I'm going to unleash the dog." - Muhammad Ali
Alisanya-Frazieira
Teddy Atlas had a pretty good comparison of this matchup, that being Muhammad Ali vs. George Foreman. But as Atlas pointed out, it was the more powerful guy who was able to find a way to win when they fought.
Inb4 everyone taking this statement way too literally.
Dude with a left hook that could KO anybody vs Tall Striker who loves to dance around and often times likes to point fight. Fair comparison IMO
This got me thinking, how come MMA fights don’t have legendary names like boxing does/did? (Thrilla in Manila, Rumble in the Jungle, MayPac, MayMac)  The only one that comes to mind is Fedor vs CroCop being the Fight of the Century
He's absolutely right if you look at their records Alex has won 7 whole mma fights
It’s not a bad comparison.  ‘Smokin’ Joe Frazier was known for his left hook, and Ali was known for his technique and footwork.  Joe was a smaller heavyweight though, while Poatan and Izzy have similar size and reach.  And Ali won the legacy 2-1 …
if you lose 3 times in a row, there is no rivalry.
**Virtually identical!**
yaaaa.....no
Lol the average person doesn’t even know who Izzy or Alex is
Joe Frazier beat Ali’s ass every time they fought. Ali just too dumb and tough for his own good. And Smoking Joe was the real good guy between em, Philly shell baby. Downvoting donks would be in outrage on Reddit if they knew what Ali said and believed.
Lmfao
He needs to chill
Let's not get ahead of ourselves here
The man is obsessed with metaphors and allegories.
Sting like jellyfish. And bites like a doggy.
lmao
Lmao this was the corniest shit ever
Then I'm gonna give my dog a happy ending
Haven't laughed that good all week ty
Lmao he clowns himself but whatever he needs to get the energy to win the fight I guess
Apparently it was a Jet Li reference
Lmao really puts it into perspective.
Namaste fellow word salad chef
A bit dry for me, but some of their aged bottles are 🤌
elsanya frozenier
Young George Foreman is one of the scariest dudes ever. Absolute brick shit house, lean as fuck, and had absolutely fucking bonkers power. Even when he was hands on his knees tired, throwing punches like they were underwater, they landed with so much impact. A tired Foreman would punch Ali's shoulders and completely move his whole body around. Crazy. IF he caught you clean in an early round his fist wouldn't even slow down as it went through your chin.  He would lean forward, post his glove on your head to push you around, and then throw a short punch from that same hand from like 6 inches away entirely with his shoulders and it would absolutely floor guys. Crazy, crazy, crazy power. If you've never boxed just go try and do that into a couch cushion or something, you have zero power.
Ali doesn’t have more power than foreman Lmfao
Getting real for a second though, I don’t think any rivalry in UFC history has matched the mainstream appeal that Ali vs Frazier did and had them be as equally matched as they did to put on the classic fights, UFC rivalries have definitely had mainstream appeal like Khabib-McGregor but that was only a rivalry in Press Conferences, in the Octagon Khabib showed that points McGregor weren’t anywhere near the same level as him. Infact most UFC rivalries are very lopsided, Jones beat DC both times very convincingly, Rousey beat Tate every single time, Cruz murdered all of Team Alpha Male after the first Faber fight until the Cody Garbrant fight, the only Rivalry I can think of in UFC history where the two fighters were equally matched in skill everytime is probably Figgy-Moreno. I think Izzy probably is a more technically superior fighter than Pereira but Pereira just has really good kickboxing and has nukes for hands, I’d actually go as far and say that nobody beats Pereira on the feet in a pure kickboxing match in the Middleweight division, if you can’t get him down then it’s quite hard to beat him unless you fight the perfect fight
I think the legendary boxing names were just a special era of space/time. They dont stick in modern boxing anymore either
What? Wasn't impresseed with "UFC 50: War of 04"? Headlined by Tito Ortiz vs Patrick Cote?
They went too overboard with the names, they tried giving every single card a name like that back in the day and you can only do so many. Granted, none of them were iconic or caught on like in boxing, but they tried.
Most boxing fights don't have that either anymore
Name the last iconic and legendary MMA fight
Well they were calling events special names. Stopped around the time when an event called ''Knockout'' didn't have a single knockout lol.
Wha would u name 281 and 287? “Hunted” and “Last Chance”?  It does make events more unique than just a number, but don’t think the name makes much of a diff, other than the poster and a couple promos. UFC cards are also often more than just the main event unlike boxing. Like it’s kinda weird for Weili to say “I won my belt back at UFC Hunted”
ONE tried to do this for a while and hit writer's block pretty quickly  Yes you can indeed throw darts at a board with 'bushido', 'warrior', 'spirit' and adjoining words for a few events but after a while things devolved into shit like 'inside the matrix 3"
The big difference is that Ali's chin was made of granite. Seriously, holy fuck, that was three fights of Ali getting smashed in the head until Frazier's arms got tired. In the Fight of the Century, Frazier landed 13 jabs... and **365 power shots**, mostly left hooks to the head. It was like Holloway-Kattar, if Holloway was a legendary one-punch KO artist. [and if Kattar landed almost as many back]. In the end, Ali only won the trilogy bcause Frazier was blind - he was already blind in one eye going into the fight (due to a cataract) and for the last few rounds his other eye was sealed shut...  "I hit him with punches that would bring down the walls of a city", as Frazier put it after the third fight. Adesanya may have the skills - his defence is probably better than Ali's - but he just doesn't have the chin.
Izzy def weighs a bit less than Poatan
Tell that to Raging Bull!  [LaMotta-Robinson was the iconic boxing rivalry of its generation, and inspired a major film. But after going 1-1 to start with, LaMotta then lost 4 times in a row. Going into the sixth fight there was still anticipation, though the fact that fight is known historically as The Saint Valentine's Day Massacre is a hint that it didn't go well.]
Now say it while crying
Eyh not necessarily, All 3 fight for adesanya and pereira are super competitive. But i think the point here isnt really rivalry but more towards it doesnt matter how good izzy/ali is but poatang/frazier will always come on top
What if you just lose twice, but then 1 gets overturned?
sorry you got downvoted yo.  I thought it was a good joke
Downvoted for being right.
It's a shame what they did with Joe's gym. Turned into a fucking furniture store... city should be ashamed of itself for allowing some shmucks to purchase it and turn it into a fucking furniture store.
I know Ali had awful views  You’re probably downvoted since you just consistently have shit takes though and are annoying
History is written by the victors…no one remembers if Ali was being ignorant we remember him as a hero. So sorry bud.
I’m missing the reference. Did Izzy say this?
Freeze like Elsa
Right
Izzy is the Ali in the example and Alex (the guy with the more power) managed to beat him, unlike Foreman
Jones vs DC 2 was very competitive until the Jon head kick.
>  I don’t think any rivalry in UFC history has matched the mainstream appeal that Ali vs Frazier did  > I’d actually go as far and say that [no MMA fighter] beats [the light heavyweight world kickboxing champion] on the feet in a pure kickboxing match in the Middleweight division  Really pushing the boat out with this hot takes!  [sorry, not trying to be mean, I just found it too funny not to pick up on]
This is why Wanderlei vs Rampage was such a good rivalry.
I mean,   Nobody has fights with mainstream appeal like Ali. Dude transcended sports in general. Mike Tyson is the only other close comparison but while Mike had his share of fights, it’s impossible to compare to Ali-Frazier-Foreman.
Yeah this is it. No fights have the mainstream appeal that Ali and boxing as a whole had during that era so it makes sense the names became so iconic.  Everyone was watching. They broadcast those fights on regular television and with how popular Ali was the ratings were crazy. Idk how accurate it is but "Rumble in the Jungle" was reportedly watched by 25% *of the worlds population!*
Yeah we had cool basketball nicknames then as well.
Don’t forget ufc 76 knockout. Chuck vs jardine. No knockouts. 6 decisions and 2 submissions
Namajunas vs Esparza
Oliveira vs Lentz IV
Ngannou vs Lewis
Erick Gonzalez Vs Trevor Peek
Lawler v McDonald 2
Izzy’s chin is solid though. In the last match, he ate plenty of shots from Alex.  What’s screwed him were Alex leg kicks which left him frozen like Elsa (like Dustin a Conor 2).  He couldn’t move and Alex hit him with a barrage of punches
Good point. Ali was a rock, no debate.  I would not say that Izzy has a bad chin, but obviously Pereira knocked him out with both 4oz and 10oz gloves. And the quick turnaround after the last KO won’t help him.  To be frank I doubt we will see the same fight. I expect some more wrestling, or at least threats of wrestling from Izzy. Trying to point fight Poatan for 25 mins is way too risky.
>'his defense is probably better than Ali's"  this is wild even for r/mma
Official stats have them at the exact same height, weight and reach. They’re identical on paper but in reality Izzy looks tiny and sickly compared to Alex.
Except Ali came out on top
ya np mma fans are a special bunch
Smoking Joe one of the most disrespected legends. Didnt get a Statue in Philly until he was dead. He gave Ali some serious beatings every time they fought, left hook from hell.
Oh its you again lmao. Yea the bad takes that are always right and i get msged 24 7 for picks cause they know im right. I dont hate Ali, but people dont even know who he was and Frazier was a saint and got crapped on. I know the truth does hurt sometimes, as you know. I told myself Id stop bragging about being right in 2023 though.   Ps. Told you Yan was overrated, predictable Boxer whos easy to gameplan for just like Fiz and thats why Justins whos not even great right now would beat Fiz. Or maybe Im thinking of another guy who messaged me weird stuff, but I know you did message me.
I got nothing against ALi, I even shed some tears when he died even though I wasnt some huge fan, just the life long boxing fan inside me or something..i just had to say it cause half people who fanboy for Ali dont know shit about him or his fighting outside the Frazier fights where I believe Joe whipped his ass all 3 times after Ali talked shit the whole time. His ungodly spirit and toughness is what made him survive those Frazier fights but he got beat up the whole time.
“I’m a dog and I’m about to be unleashed” is what I think he said.
[yup, hope his punches land better than that dog collar line.](https://youtu.be/AN9PCyWfZqM?t=628)
But the analogy doesn’t make sense since Ali won and wasn’t the more powerful of the two
And the USADA KO.
Lol he got KO’d in round 3/5
It’s true, I was the Manila.
They tried to do it with Joshua usyk 2 but idk “rage in the Red Sea” just sounds kind lame
Or 73 "Stacked"
or Bad Blood? When all of the athletes clearly had fully functional circulatory systems?  Boy was that ever misleading.
To be sure I'm not saying Izzy's chin is made out of glass.  I'm just saying, if we're comparing the matchup to Frazier-Ali, we have to remember that Ali didn't survive the power puncher through his speed or skill, he survived by having arguably the greatest chin in boxing history. And while Izzy's not had chin problems particularly, he's also never shown a chin like Ali's.  If Ali had been hit with that barrage (and Pereira is a similar weight to Joe Frazier and probably doesn't hit as hard), Ali would still have been firing back. (Ali was hit by Liston, Foreman, Frazier, Lyle and Shavers, and had his jaw smashed by Norton, and had half a dozen fights where he absorbed over 300 power shots, but he was never knocked out - his only non-decision loss was a retirement between rounds when he was nearly 39).  [of course, we can also flip the Frazier-Ali narrative there: the only reason Frazier beat Ali once, and nearly beat him twice more, is that Frazier also had arguably the greatest chin in boxing history - this is a guy who was knocked down by Foreman six times in two rounds but wouldn't quit. In his whole career, his only stoppage losses were the retirement against Ali when he was blind and two TKOs (one called by the ref, the other by his corner)]
Not really. Ali didn't have an outstanding defence (just the reputation for one). He was consistently hit, a lot.  I'd think it should be uncontroversial that Adesanya's defence is more technically advanced than Ali's (which was mostly just 'move head back when you see punch coming'), and that his defence is more effective in practice than Ali's in his later career, when he relied heavily on "encourage them to punch you until they get tired". [Frazier alone landed nearly a thousand power punches on him; Foreman landed another 200 in just half a fight].  Whether Adesanya's defence is more effective than Ali's in his early career probably depends on whether you're considering hard impacts or just cumulative impacts - young Ali wasn't hard to hit, but he was hard to hit cleanly. [old ali was increasingly easy to hit cleanly, just impossible to knock out]  Across Ali's career, his opponents landed considerably more punches on him than he did on them (according to compubox). Even in his peak younger years, his striking differential was around zero, and he always had a reputation for being at risk of being hit (he was almost KOed a couple of times before becoming champion). Thats not the hallmark of a man with unparalleled defence, whatever his later legend may say.  [for instance, Ali was outlanded by Liston, Foreman, Frazier and Norton by wide margins. Against Foreman, Ali landed 42 power punches to the 143 that Foreman landed on Ali...]  I think we've seen Adesanya get fewer hard hits in his entire career than Ali did in any of his fights in the seventies.
Skinny claw vs strong and jacket
Jesus that’s an embarrassing comment lol
I’ve literally never messaged you. Get a grip.
In fact, post a screenshot of the message that you apparently know I sent you. Which you won’t, because you literally can’t and are just chatting shit again.
😬
God damn man
I rarely ever say this but my god that is so cringy
'it was the more powerful guy who managed to find a way to win'  Atlas is saying that this fight is like Ali-Foreman except Foreman (Poatan) won this time
can I have your autograph Mr Thrilla?
And Joshua-Usyk 1: "Perfect Storm". Wilder-Fury 2: "Unfinished Business". Klitschko-Fury: "Kollisionskurs". Klitschko-Jennings: "The Champion Returns". Klitschko-Rahman: "X-Plosive".  And who can forget the catchiest name of them all: forget the Thrilla in Manilla, how about "Knockout auf Schalke"! Pure poetry! (Klitschko-Chagaev).  I think, at least for the heavyweights, it's only been the last 5-10 years where they've given up on the silly nicknames?  Then again, it seems historically it was pretty random, come to think of it. Here's Lewis' big fights:  *The Fight for the Right*  *Star Spangled Glory*  *The Battle of Britain*  *Lewis vs Jackson*  *Whose Moment of Glory?*  *Lennox Lewis vs Lionel Butler*  *Laying it All on the Line*  *Lennox Lewis vs Ray Mercer*  *Payback or Playback*  *Lennox Lewis vs Henry Akinwande*  *Lennox Lewis vs Andrew Golota*  *March Badness*  *Battle of the Giants*  *Undisputed*  *Holyfield vs Lewis*  *Two Big*  *The Homecoming*  *Royal Rampage*  *Thunder in Africa*  *Final Judgement*  *Lewis-Tyson: Is On*  *Battle of the Titans*  I think for Holyfield-Lewis II, they actually went "we'd better not use a silly name, people might not realise how big a fight it is, just put their names on the poster". But even then it's weird they didn't even put a "II" on the poster...  [Have to love the comedic simplicity of "Two Big". It's even got a photo of the Twin Towers on the poster to emphasise the whole 'these people are very tall' aspect...]
I delete all the messages and ignore them half the time. Like I said you might not have but you always responding to me with some nonsense so I assumed you were one who messaged me whining how I said Yan wasnt that great and Fiz def isnt, but its another dude with Ghost in his name i guess. You still stay responding to me when you know i speak nothing but facts, my job is literally been projection for a decade. You think youd learn eventually
He literally wore a dog collar too. That WWE crossover is coming!
Izzy is the $1 scratch lottery ticket from the gas station. Most of the time it goes right into the garbage but every now and then they hit.
Jesus Christ sometimes the reading comprehension of the people on this this sub is exactly what you would expect
In all fairness, I probably should have worded it as, "But as Atlas pointed out, it was the more powerful guy THIS TIME who was able to find a way to win when they fought."
Yeah of course you did lmao that’s what I thought.  Who’s winning Alex Vs Izzy then since you’re apparently such a fucking genius ?
I respect the confidence to do that
Just like his fights as of late.
It really is like trying to explain something to a 5 year old. Sometimes I wonder if I need to bust out the crayons....
I’ll have you know my reading comprehension is sometimes decent
No... The analogy is dumb and doesn't say much.   "This is like that last time, except completely different!"
It's every sub. I'm 99% sure you can go to any post that hits one of the front pages of all and you'd be able to find someone with this horrific reading comprehension.
Huh?
I already gave my 1 free pick to you boys, and I dont give free picks cause thats what losing gamblers do, and scam artists.  Izzy will knock him out/ def finish Alex. Im no Izzy fan btw, I go with the instincts always. I dont wanna influence any big bettors on this cause I got more to bet cause I only bet in person big money, Izzy by KO here feels like a lock. Im feeling nice today
To be fair, while I sympathize with your frustration, the analogy is pretty dumb. If you need to add modifiers to the analogy to make it somewhat accurate, it's not a very succinct analogy anyway.
No, you're just taking the comparison at face value, when it makes zero sense.   Why compare them to Ali/Foreman, is it just because one guy is more powerful? If the outcome isn't the same, what is the comparison's goal? What is it saying? (nothing, it's a dumb analogy)
Please don't, they'll eat them.
  The silly is me
Boys I didn't make the analogy, I'm just explaining it. You can think it's dumb and that's fine, but direct your frustration towards Teddy Atlas lol
1. two rivals in a fight sport 2. at the top of their division 3. with fighting styles similar to ali/foreman 4. with similar media personalities to ali/foreman 5. in a title fight  *You're* the one taking it at face value, saying that essentially if it isn't the exact same fight with the exact outcome, then the analogy is meaningless, which is kind of a ludicrous position and misunderstands what an analogy is imo.   You can have a point of dissimilarity in an analogy, for instance: talking to you is like talking to my dog, except I love my dog.
https://youtu.be/m3nkLMY4SQY
Despite barely ever fighting, Khamzat gets constant coverage.
You guys are pretty dumb if you really think the ufc wanted to take their newly crowned mw terminator champ and have him lose a random lhw fight before he even defended the belt once
Alex must have seen Khamzat get his shit rocked by Giblert and thought to himself "he can't wrestle me if he's unconscious" lmao
Whittaker deserves the fight way more
Not mentioned here is Alex's point that Costa & Whittaker have kept their cool and been professional, but Khamzat was, he felt, being disrespectful and talking like he deserved the fight, so Alex said lets go at 205 since I can't cut weight that close in time to beating Izzy, and let's find out if you can back it all up.  Now, on one hand you can say its bad because the title wouldn't have been on the line, but given Alex's grappling vs. Khamzat's, that is an *incredible* offer to make someone whose best win at MW is GM3, and who should not sniff the title until he beats a ranked guy.  If he said yes, dominated the champ at 205, then his case for the title shot is established, and he'd have been pretty much the uncrowned champ until they fought.  So in another way, Alex kind of played him: *You kill anyone eh?  I don't need time to prepare for you at 205, can you say the same?*  170->205 is a huge ask, but not on the scale of talking like you should directly fight the champ in your new weight class.    Even with Izzy calling and the UFC salivating, Alex had to KO strickland before being air expressed into the title match, and at least Izzy had pretty much cleaned out the division.
We need to see Paulo get another W before a title shot. IMO he looked great against rockhold - especially his ground game - but he doesn't deserve a title shot from that fight.   He should fight khamzat or DDP. This is coming from a huge costa fan btw. I do think his ground game could give Alex trouble but I don't see him outstriking him.
Is there any scenario where Whittaker doesn't get the next title shot at MW?  I guess a majority draw or a FOTY contender could make them do Izzy vs Pereira 5
The fact anyone is even talking about Khamzat fighting for the MW belt with a win of GM3 is a fucking joke lol so yeah I guess it's happening then.
The 205 fight would’ve been dumb af
I mean, by the logic of colby getting a title shot next, whittaker should be next at MW as the same logic applies to him in that if there's no adesanya whittaker is the champ this whole time  Khamzat should have to fight a top guy like vettori to prove he's game for the top MWs.  Costa probably needs 2 wins to be back in the title picture
Pereira be like “oh you are a former welterweight moving up to 185? Let’s do the fight at 205” 😂 I know I know Khamzat could like pull it off, just funny when you say it out loud. But also, it would help if pereira didn’t blow up to 240lbs between fights
I just want a fight announced for Khamzat
I'll fight you at any weight, bro. 205, 250, 265, 300, you name it.
Khamzat is the hype train that derailed himself.
Alex vs Khamzat at 205 would’ve been badass
Can Khamzat just shut the fuck up until he either makes weight at WW or wins another fight at MW
why he want khamzat at 205? i thought he middleweight champ
Why would they fight at 205lbs, the dumbest thing ever.
Honestly I’m also getting to the point where I’m like, “fuck Chimaev” as well. Very talented but he has been a fucking dumbass loudmouth.   Let’s see the Poatan fight Whitaker if he wins.
So maybe Khamzat could beat Alex, but so what? At this point I think there’s quite many wrestlers who probably could. Khamzat doesn’t deserve the shot at all. He’s also dislikable POS so I’m happy to see him slide into irrelevancy.
Lol the top comment defend chimaev he turned it down stop this shit right now
Khamzat needs to make weight first.
That is a really long way to say “I don’t want to fight Chimaev.” Also what the title says is not entirely true. Khamzat and UFC offered the fight at 185. Alex said no to do it at 205. Why?
Rather watch Whittaker v Alex tbh. Then when Whittaker v cumshot if Robert wins
I’m almost done caring about Khamzat tbh. He had everything handed to him by the UFC on a silver platter. All he had to do was make 170lbs and dispatch Nate Diaz in 30 seconds, then he could have gotten a title shot at 170/185/205… whatever he wanted.  Instead he decided to miss weight by 8lbs and now he is ducking every fight offered to him. Fight someone or leave.   Honestly after seeing Khamzat get rocked by Gilbert Burns I’m very confident Alex would knock his head into the bleachers.
Alex doesn't want this smoke, he will end up like Gane and I believe Khamzat when he said they rejected his fights, not the opposite, dude already proved he wants to fight anyone
I feel like Chimaev has no reason to lie about all these fights. The dude is always super eager to fight. The only way he’s turning down fights is if it’s at a weight he can’t make in that time frame. I’m not saying everyone else is turning down fights with him like he claims, but I just don’t see him turning down fights if it’s logistically possible for him
Chen Chen wat an embarrassment
Khamzat will just be another Darren Till.  Alex is a monster .
That's what id say if i was afraid of him too
Khamzat really failed to bank on the initial momentum he had in the promotion. Guy should have been a champion by now.
At this point if I'm Khamzat I would ask to be released from the UFC, and go to an organization where fighters want to fight. UFC should change their name to UDC (Ultimate Ducking Competition)
Costa seems like the obvious choice if they want to avoid anyone with a wrestling game, Whittaker would be a big risk. Not that it’s necessarily right that they’re giving him strikers, but they’re clearly going to.   Wouldn’t be surprised if he defends against a striker, then fights two more at 205, Hill and Procházka, or Rakic, whoever. Wins and defends the belt and then calls it quits. Quadruple champ and now probably 37-38 years old, not bad.
Costa 😂
Dude really went from fighting twice in 10 days to 3 times in 2 years.
Could easily become a 3 division world champ. Dana is long dicking him
The sub is picky and choosy. If they like the guy then everyones ducking him, if they hate him then he’s ducking everyone.
You are missing the point. After Pereira won, Khamzat made some cringe post like "fake champ! I beat him 1 round!" Or something like that and he specifically called him out for the Brazil card knowing they needed a headliner. This us why Jamal Hill fought Glover but I digress.  Before that matchup was made Pereira offered to save the card fighting Khamzat, but not because he wanted to save the card, because Khamzat challenged him.  So with a fucked up hand, coming off a 5 round war he offered to step back in, just to call Khamzats bluff.  Obviously Pereira took that challenge personally and will now try to make Khamzat work. Convenient narrative given the style matchup but I believe Pereira. He has that honor culture attitude about him.
Wtf you believe chimaev wanted to fight Alex at 205 get real mate
I mean.  He wouldnt lose the belt so i dont see why theyd care…
It's wasn't a title shot. It was a risk free co main event, bud.
This exactly! I’m getting downvoted for pointing out the same thing? Apparently even pointing it out triggers the Alex fans lol
It was actually for the LHW title bubba
What do you mean? They both admitted they were offered the fight.
Let izzy ko him first. Then go fight khamzat
Much more likely that Khamzat gets a hold of him first though to be honest
Pereira wank is crazy, he does not know how to defend a wrist lock from a mostly kickboxer like izzy, he'd be screwed against khamzat
Khamzat is Pereira's worst nightmare and in all likelihood would absolutely rag doll him and then submit him. Even Adesanya was taking Pereira down and controlling him.  That's why he's so dismissive of Khamzat but complimentary of everyone else.
Khamzat would wreck Alex. There are absolute worlds in between their grappling levels.
Khamzat was saying shit like he would beat 205's champs... Yet he refused Alex's offer. Now he will only fight in october - on a N1 contender fight. By then Alex might have moved on to 205. Or not, who knows.
Dumbest take ever seen. "You need to beat me to deserve a title shot" lmfao
Diamond Dallas Page? He's fighting in the UFC? This merger is changing the game very quickly.
Even with his winning streak, a title shot based off a win over DDP still seems wild
I would love Paulo vs Perreira as undeserved as that would be
Honestly, I thought Paolo looked bad vs Rockhold. Surviving on the ground was impressive though Rockhold made bad decisions but Paolo was actually getting beating on the feet vs a severely gassed Rockhold.
Izzy winning
For Alex
yea sure until he fights again and then everyone is back on his dick
I’m so sick of hearing this dudes name he hasn’t even fought anyone at MW yet but dominates the headlines constantly. No doubt he’s good but ffs just fight already he was 26 when he joined the UFC and he’ll be 30 next year. Clocks ticking.
Nope, the UFC are derailing him by not letting him fight. Why do you people think the guy who holds the UFC record of shortest time between three wins doesn't want to fight?
The fact he is still constantly talked about says otherwise
How?  He's never lost
and pointless.  Think about it. What is the outcome here?  Khamzat submits Alex in round 1. Ok, does Alex say "Now we rematch again at 185 for the title!" Absolutely not.  Alex beats Khamzat via decision or KO. He says "Now you can never fight me at 185, i already beat you."  Why would Khamzat have taken that fight?
Coz he does not deserve a championship fight yet at 185 that is why if khamzat keeps insisting to fight with him. 205 is what he can give him.
Yeah, makes a lot more sense for Poatan to fight at 185 with no time to cut while recovering from a 5 round war  Besides, Chimaev totally deserves that tittle shot right, I have always thought that provoking people on twitter is much more important than being an active in the top 10
Lmao if you think this fight was actually offered
Becasue he couldnt cut that weight at that short notice.
Pure delusion in that last sentence. He took gilbert down within 30 seconds of their fight and it’d be even easier against Alex
Decided to miss weight? You sure about that. Khamzat would finish Alex inside 2 rounds max, love him but his wrestling is nowhere near as Khamzats
He claims the UFC pulled the plug on his weight cut. My theory is the UFC saw all the bad press about feeding nate to Khamzat so they sacrificed him and used the fracas as an excuse to make Khamzat-Holland instead.
“Decided to miss weight” more like he almost died making the weight and the doctors told him it wasn’t safe and to stop
Not really Khamzats fault that Usman lost and had to get the instant rematch and Colby not fighting and holding up the division. Khamzat missing weight against Diaz also doesn't matter with the bullshit Dana is pulling with Masvidal and Colby, since someone like Belal isn't getting the title fight either over Colby.
I called that shit the moment he got a new contract
What about his Covid Case?
You seem super dumb in real life
Exactly. So many fans are turning on Chimaev because of the weight miss and are somehow convinced that he’s scared of Nate and Paulo Costa.
You got your finger on the pulse huh?
Pereira wanted to fight Khamzat at **205 WITHOUT A BELT ON THE LINE.** Why the fuck would Khamzat take that fight.   If Khamzat submits Alex in round 1 do you think Alex says "Now we rematch again at 185 for the title!" Absolutely not.  If Alex beats Khamzat via decision or KO, He says "Now you can never fight me at 185, i already beat you."  This was no-win scenario for Khamzat. Acting like it made *ANY* sense for him to take a fight at 205 is ludicrous.
Did Gane gain any fans after the Jones fight?
They're not Alex fans, they're Khamzat haters. I know, I am one of them
No one cares about your karma rn
Khamzat is a big boi and Alex can't wrassle, but Alex is also fuckoff huge and they'd be fighting like 1.5 weight classes above where Khamzat belongs and Alex would probably be 20+ pounds bigger in the cage. Like if we're matching Colby with Jiri  give me Jiri.
Yup, Holland style
Pereira is almost certainly harder a middleweight to take down in the first place than *checks notes* John Philips
Khamzat hasn't shown he can actually wrestle anyone competent at 185. He looks like a great grappler but when the strength and size gap is that big it can easily change how effective he'll be.
> wrist lock
> By then Alex might have moved on to 205  Alex at least claimed he wasn't planning to move up yet.  Said his body would tell him when it was time to move up, but he was concentrating on defending the title, and mentioned people past Izzy.  Doesn't mean his body won't tell him to move up after this, given it looks to me it was telling him that near birth, but he at least pretended he's sticking around to fee fi fo fum the MW division for a while.
Why do you think he refused? There is 0% chance the ufc offered that fight to both sides lmao.
>Dumbest take ever seen. "You need to beat me to deserve a title shot" lmfao  I'm sorry you can't read, or even listen to the translation in the video to come to your own understanding of events.  But an insult followed by a misunderstanding must have been difficult for you, so keep trying Champ!    I'll be watching your future career with interest.
He’s talking about the African
Paulo's weakness is definitely the Diamond Cutter
I mean, who else is on a good MW streak?
The 2nd best striker in the division destroyed Costa, I can’t imagine what the best striker in the UFC would do to him.
Agree definitely think it'd a fun fight
Paulo beat him on the ground and in the standup
Who does Izzy face next then?
I'm just wondering when the fuck is he gonna fight next? And against who? What is taking SO DAMN LONG? Man should have already fought by now, what is going on?
Seriously. Its getting fucking old hearing this sub just parrot the same bullshit. Him missing weight did not derail his hype train, only the clowns on here wanted to see him fight Diaz, which wouldn't have even been competitive and would've done absolutely nothing for his career and future trajectory.
True, but it’s slowly declining
He’s also the only guy in the UFC to fight 2 fights in one week. He fought last September. Fighters in the top rankings take year long breaks sometimes, on purpose. I don’t think Khamzat is intentionally not fighting. I don’t think it’s up to him
Well he didn't go up 2  weight classes to fight Alex in Brazil. THE BUM!
They most certainly would have made the rematch for the 185 belt if Khamzat won at 205.   Remember when Figgy beat Benavidez after missing weight and they made the immediate rematch for the belt again?   How about when DC took Silva on at UFC 200 on a few days notice? It was announced that should Silva win, the rematch would've been for the belt.
That was not the reason. Alex could not make a weight cut would be the most likely reason that soon after doing it. Plus the odds would not be in his favor to win.
Didn't say shit about 185 did I? Nor did I say Khamzat deserved it. Just said fighting at 205 makes no sense.. reading and comprehending is fundamental my guy.
There's a pretty small chance IMO that Dana/UFC would care about people bitching about the Nate matchup when they historically do everything they can to ruin opportunities for fighters that leave on their own terms and not kissing UFC ass on the way out. I think if they didn't have the card they did the UFC would have tried to get the cut done before doctors got involved. I mean Khamzat is decent sized for 185, so I really think he just miscalculated and had a bad cut. They then had the plan in place to put on a little show to draw eyes back into a card that probably wasn't going to do great.
Yeah cuz hes not a big welterweight or anything, he could've made weight easily.  Just like Khabib easily made lightweight every time and didnt almost die cutting weight.
its pretty obvious that Belal wont be promoted by the UFC. This wasnt the case with Khamzat
Wouldn’t you want to fight more if your pay goes up?
I honestly think the Gilbert fight took a toll on his invincibility complex. Dude thought he was a world beater and a god and found out how tough the ufc really is.   Now wants to pick and choose and talk shit on social media.
Didn’t he retire due to It for a good bit not knowing if he’d recover
Yo mama
They've turned on him way before that, but it's really funny to see Costa fans being really, really mad about Khamzat missing weight, somehow missing that Costa showed up to a 185 fight at 205
Well everytime he had a call out he became radio silent
Chimaev would drown Costa and I think he could beat Nate blindfolded.
As someone who “turned on him” it wasnt because of the weight issue. Its the constant non stop trash talk on twitter. Dont get me wrong i love good trash talk, but his is just boring and tiring. Like.. the first time you fought anyone good (burns) you went like 50/50 some arguing chimaev lost. And now hees calling our champions at 185 and talking shit about a sparring match with the 205 champ? Bro stfu… maybe just take a fight with someone instead of calling out people you have no business being in the same convo as.
Why would Pereira fight injured 2 months after a 5 round war?   let’s go champ " in November when the Brazil card was in January. Either clout chasing asking for the impossible or looking for an advantage in a short notice fight against a guy who just got rocked and cuts a lot of weight.  Pereira called his bluff. If you really want to fight in 2 months, it has to be at 205. Then he says "fake belt fake coach" and expects to be gifted a title shot off a win over Kevin Holland.  You acting like it made any sense for Pereira to fight in 2 months, let alone fight Khamzat in 2 months, is ludicrous.
[removed]
Did Gane gain gay fans after the Jones fight?
Lol fair enough
I'm immediately reminded of Bisping vs GSP.  Michael Bisping was not the best guard player GSP ever fought, and yet he neutralized almost all of George's top game just by being too big and too strong.  I can't see Khamzat being able to absorb strikes from Pereira at 205 if he had his hands full with Gilbert Burns at 170.  And I definitely can't see him playing his usual top game against a guy 40lbs heavier than him.
Khamzat is deceptively big, he looks massive when he's out camp. Most times we've seen him it's been after a ridiculous weight cut, next time he fights at 185 I feel like people will be surprised by how big he looks. I'm completely expecting him to ragdoll Pereira if they ever fight.
NawZ. Alex get rag dolled
I know you probably meant to spell “fucking,” but “fuckoff” is so funny here lol. Like Khamzat shoots in on Alex and he just pushes him away like a kindergartner.
Jiri doesn’t have negative ground game like Alex…   Dude was the first person to submit Glover…  He dealt with Nemkov wrestling until Nemkov retired due to exhaustion
The Jiri Vs Colby size difference is waay bigger
Alex is similar sized with Jiri and Khamzhat is way bigger than Colby. What is this comparison?
Jiri admitted that Khamzat got the better of him during sparring and Jiri is even bigger than Alex
Did you see Khamzat grappling Hermansson?
Aliskerov is a a great grappler, and a MW, and Khamzat did just fine against him.
Not the same thing but Kevin Holland was ranked 10th at MW at one point.
[Maybe you haven't seen Chimaev vs Hermansson](https://youtu.be/WvSeiaLyaps)
Oh come on. You see Khamzat's pace, strength, speed and technique and you still doubt his ability to wrestle elite guys.
The casual Khamzat takes are ridiculous lmao  He literally wrestlefucked Hermansson in a wrestling match, he completely obliterated Holland who is 5x the grappler Pereira is.   A size difference like that is only significant when the other guy is semi-competent at wrestling. An elite wrestler will make a fool out of an amateur wrestler even with that size difference.  Khamzat will easily dominate any non grappler at WW or MW (potentially even LHW depending on the matchup). The only chance guys like Pereira have would be a freakish KO Masvidal style.
Mike Perry is in the BKFC now actually
The African Diamond Dallas Page?  What is this the WWE crossover channel?
 Costa took down Rockhold, maybe wrestling he can win
Man Alex is not the best striker. Izzy all the way. Alex is very skilled but he gets wins over Izzy from the fuck you power, not striking ability or technique. That said I’m not sure if paulo has anything for Alex, because the skill gap is still there.
He did, but he performed way worse than he should of. You realize Rockhold was coming off two straight knockouts, right? His chin been suspect and he was literally bending over at the knees multiple times in the fight. Paolo clearly won but that performance wasn't impressive.
Colby Covington. Listen the guy made weight in another division and we all know if there’s no one deserving then that means there’s no one more deserving than him
khamzat, maybe?
Ramadan
Maybe contract negotiations? He has had 6 fights in the UFC (6-0 in the org). Working on a new contract?
>only the clowns on here wanted to see him fight Diaz  That fight literally got more hate in this sub than any main event I've seen by far. What are you talking about?
I didn't want him to fight Diaz but the way he went about flubbing weight by nearly 10 lbs and not seeing to give a fuck rubbed me the wrong way. Clearly a very talented fighter though.
Lmao stop talking shit, everyone was complaining that Dana was feeding Diaz to Khamzat as some sort of punishment for leaving and to kill Nate's hype for his future boxing matches, nobody wanted to see that fight.
> I don’t think Khamzat is intentionally not fighting. I don’t think it’s up to him  Khamzat is probably one of the most ducked fighters in the past decade. He offers to fight at multiple weight classes and nobody wants to fight him. People talk like its his fault lmao.
Does not invalidate that khamzat is not deserving of a shot at the 185 belt. Khamzat is calling him that he is afraid of him so he offered him to fight at 205 then khamzat decline. Khamzat want the belt not the fight. You may be right on the weight that Alex cannot make weight on that time.
You’re right, but it wasn’t a far fetched assumption.
So you didn't really mean that Pereira's suggestion of 205 was "the dumbest thing ever" because he couldn't make 185? You were just shocked by the idea of a 205 fight and you came here to ask why it would be possible.  I see. I think Chimaev was taunting Poatan because he wanted a title shot, and Poatan offered him a 205 fight because 185 was out of the question. It would be a win-win for both fighters and Chimaev had a lot to gain, since he could use it as a fast track to the belt if he won. He hasn't fought since then anyway. For Poatan, it would be a bad move, but maybe he is just a beast who doesn't shy away from a fight or he wanted to look tough, depending on how cynical you are.
You'd think so but I've seen this a bunch of times. What I think happened is that Khamzat wanted to fight through his shitty starting contract as soon as possible, renegotiate from a better position with huge hype behind him, and then when he has a better contract he can fight as often as he actually wants to.
He steamrolled his way through most of his UFC run. Burns was his only decision. 6 of his (12-0 record) fights have been in the UFC. I think we will see him do another series of quick fights soon, damage pending.
I guessed correctly
That's their own personal problem.
Costa asked for a weight change several weeks in advance. This means he was injured a chose to fight through it rather than pull out.  There is a big difference. It was still really unprofessional and I don't necessarily think Costa is some Honorable dude who deserves more respect. But the difference is Khamzat fans act like it was all planned (doctors made him stop cutting weight lol it wasn't planned) and khamzat has zero weight cut issues.  If the narrative was khamzat was injured or sick and fought through it he wouldn't get as much hate. This fantasy that the ufc wanted the Holland matchup and Khamzat is going to fight at 170 with no issues is the source of the hate.
>asks for a weight change more than a month out  >no  >shows up and misses weight   OH MY GOD WHY WOULD HE DO THAT
Has Costa ever actually been drowned? he went 3 hard against Romero and was throwing heat in the 5th against Vettori, you could argue Rockhold I guess but Costas output was still above average for that card and he was outworking Luke who's pretty solid in the cardio department   I think his physique gives the impression he must have bad cardio but historically it's pretty good especially for his size, his physique is also the reason everyone thinks he's a power puncher when he's really not
Paulo has great TDD & would probably beat him in the stand up.  Don't forget that costa & vettori set the record for most strikes thrown & landed in their bout outside flyweight.  Chimaev couldn't drown Burns who is 5'8, 35 & spent most of his career at LW to costa 6'1, 31-32 & a career MW  Chimaev a favorite but no guarantee, costa has a good chance of upsetting.
Costa dogwalks Khamzat
Chimaev would beat most that don't have a better wrestling and cardio background than him
Khamzat doesn’t have cardio. He’s drowning nobody.
Even GSP said he was scared before fights...
Yea hes big but he also can(or could) fight at WW, Alex is a huge MW and potentially even a huge LHW. I dont know how that fight would go but Pereira is definitely the bigger guy.
If Gilbert almost put his lights out I got Alex via random left hook
This is a silly comment given how much bigger Alex is and having arguably the larger cut
Yeah, Dude big brothered Hermansson in their grappling match.
It's not an uncommon turn of phrase, you can use it in your daily life!
Fuckoff as an adjective or verb is commonly used in Aussie / NZ
Did Jiri say that? I think Khamzat subs Pereira but sparring isn’t fighting. It’s a learning experience. Jiri especially has a style which doesn’t translate well to sparring because his power and intensity is neutered.
You can’t go 100 as a striker in sparing so that’s silly
Didn't he struggle to take him down tho? Actually nvm, maybe that's cause Aliskerov is a World Champion in Sambo.
Kevin cannot really grapple to save his life though
I spat out my water.
Dawg rockhold was fucking 80 and gassed 20 seconds into the fight
Also amazing how much shit Chimaev gets for his weight issues, but no one bats an eye at Costa's vs Marvin.  Funny how that works when it's a fighter they like.
Altitude   Even Merab who is a cardio freak said that fighting at altitude sucks and makes it hard not to gas quickly.
Dude is still unbeaten in the UFC.
Since the moment the fight was announced people wanted to see it, when it came out that he had missed weight and was fighting Holland this sub was up in arms about how disappointed they were they didn't get to see him fight Diaz. The proof is still here because people still say that the hype train is dead all because he didn't fight Diaz. So what are you talking about?  The only people who talked out against it were the ones who knew the fight was stupid to even book in the first place. This sub isn't exactly known for having the best takes.
He was told to stop cutting.  He was not nearly 10 lbs off when that happened.  This narrative is so stupid.
If I'm talking shit then why does every Khamzat thread consist of the same garbage? Not gonna sit here and repeat myself 10 times because if he had fought Diaz then nobody would be talking about his hype train being dead and that they're tired of hearing about him lmao. Literally the moment he missed weight people were saying his hype train was derailed.
I think there's a difference between Twitter fingers and what's actually being discussed.
> He offers to fight at multiple weight classes and nobody wants to fight him.  He offers to fight **champions** or #1 contender fights he has not earned.   Every single fighter wants to fight up and calls for it, but Khamzat gets suckers like you to call him brave for asking for unearned ranked opponents, and not fighting dangerous guys to prove his case at the new weight class he's eaten his way into.
I don't think Dana would let them fight at 205. No point. So, likely Alex knows this, which is why he asked for it. Alex walks around 220-40. Would be a huge weight difference.
Very interesting, never thought about it this way. Makes a lot of sense.
The Costa situation was just as bad as the Khamzat situation since he kept going on about how it's Vettoris problem that Costa isn't even going to try to make weight. Khamzats weight cut was cut short and he refueled before the weigh in, the amount that Khamzat missed weight with isn't as significant as people try to claim it is.  >and Khamzat is going to fight at 170 with no issues is the source of the hate.  Khamzat has missed weight a single time in his career and has cut from 185 to 170 on a weeks notice in the past. Sure, the cut isn't getting any easier but we don't know that until he fights at 170 next time, missing weight once means nothing.
All that secret juice. Gets u jacket while keeping the gas tank.
Also Denver is no joke on the lungs.
All of those fights were on the feet , which wouldn’t be the case against Chimaev
Great comment, really puts things into perspective
Have you watched Costa his last fight? Vettori is also trash so who cares.
Costas TDD is good but he also hasn’t fought anyone with good offensive wrestling  Chimaev didn’t want to go to the ground against Burns though due to the BJJ threat so he kept it standing. He won’t have that fear against costa who couldn’t finish the ghost of Luke rockhold after gassing out in the first 30 seconds
Paulo has only fought the shell of Yoel Romero with zero knees or neck, vetorri (he lost), and old ass Luke Rockhold when it comes to any sort of wrestling in the UFC lol. & he hasn’t really looked good in general since before the izzy fight
Chimaev will finish him in the first when they fight
Weekend casuals are here 😭
It's over as soon as it goes to the ground
Just because there's power differences in fighters doesn't change the fact that if you land a huge shot you're going to hurt the guy. Pereira didn't 1 punch knockout Izzy or something so lets not act like he is just sleeping everyone. He has great power though but not with every single punch.  Also even with Burns hurting Khamzat, Khamzat still took Burns down.  Burns threw a damn overhand that Khamzat walked into and he still took Burns down, if that doesn't get you respect then I don't know what does.   Pereira is not throwing overhands like that. His short hooks hurt and hold a lot of power but an overhand where you walk into it should hit way harder. That was also the only time that Khamzat was truly hurt even though he was consistently walking into shots, he even motioned Burns to come at him while he was just taking punches to the face.
Bruh, think about the fact that a welterweight is handling the LHW champ
But Alex can??
Kevin can, though. He's just a bad wrestler. He's still heaps better than Alex.
He was 37, and costa was also gassed from the altitude. We can all agree Rockhold is a better grappler than Perreira. Costa also took down Vettori, once in their fight but still. If he’s able to take those guys down I don’t see the issue in taking Perreira down.
you couldn't say a word about Costa for a year after the fight without people calling him unprofessional and trying to bail out of the fight, tf are you talking about   and, that fight actually still happened. and it was a banger
Yeah Paolo got shit before it happened but afterwards seems like people gave him more credit weirdly.
Well yeah, but the altitude hurt Rockhold more than Costa lol. Again, dude was literally hunched over on his knees.
>The only people who talked out against it were the ones who knew the fight was stupid  Well idk if we just saw entirely different threads or something, but the vast majority of comments I was seeing in every thread about that fight hated it because they knew it was a fucking stupid booking. I really disagree with that characterization.
I’m sorry but no, not a lot of people especially on this sub wanted to see it. Wtf.  The whole time leading up in here was pretty much the narrative that they were sending Nate as a sacrificial lamb to Khamzat to remove all his star power before he left.
Since the moment the card was announced everyone said why can't it be Tony vs Nate instead, no one wanted to see Khamzat ragdoll Nate  Everyone in this sub was saying they were just killing Nate since he was leaving the UFC
Literally making shit up. Nobody wanted that fight. God himself didn't want that fight that's why we got the insane musical chairs scenario that ended up with Nate fighting Tony fucking Ferguson
>He was told to stop cutting  I don't care about the excuse. He still missed weight severely. If he couldn't manage the weight cut properly that's on him. He clearly didn't give a fuck.   >He was not nearly 10 lbs off when that happened  So he was cut 7.5 lbs is nearly 10 lbs. We could say 7, 6, 5 or 5 to make you feel better. Still a ridiculous amount and reaction after the fact. Unprofessional as hell.
He still missed by 10 pounds, narrative lol.
He hasn't earned them yet hes destroyed every single person hes fought and nobody wants to fight him. The only fight that was competitive for him was the Gilbert fight.  Edit: Apparently beating the #2 contender doesn't give him enough talking power LOL!
Khamzat made welterweight after fighting at middleweight the week before in 2020 and smoked both dudes. So either that was a fluke or the weight miss was a fluke.
Khamzat is 28 and half of his ufc fights are above 170. If Kelvin Gastelum and Robert Whittaker have to move up to 185, Khamzat certainly does. Just a matter of time.   It's like McGregor at 145. It's not something you can carry on into your 30s.
Every fighter mentioned attempted to take Costa to the ground multiple times each
Because styles make fights   Chimaev has consistently been the weight bully, not had to worry about being the smaller man &  the only person comparable to costa was Burns (BJJ black belt, good takedown defend and good power), who is significantly smaller, older & cause chimaev many problems.  Against costa, it would be the first time he would be fighting someone bigger than him/equal size & the fight would mostly stay standing.
Lol this revisionism. Same shell of Yoel that had Izzy backing up the entire fight, and literally running away from him at times.
Meanwhile chimaev fought an old burns and a bunch of cans   Your point?
I've been watching MMA since you were in diapers, son
For who? Wrestling is very different when a guy has potentially 40lbs on you and longer arms.   Pereira has a brown belt in BJJ. I don’t doubt Chimaev would get a takedown but it’s going to require a lot more cardio than we saw in the burns fight. Realistically he’d be putting on weight to compete with Pereira so I’m not sure the gas tank would be there.
He literally 1 punched Izzy in kickboxing, using bigger gloves. Anyone who says Pereira doesn't hit hard is just hating on him because they're not a fan of his.
It’s sparring. Not fighting.
TF I'm talking about is the majority of the comments were still fine with "MR Patriot Natty American."  A week later no one was talking bad about him...so TF you talking about?  And yes the fight still happened and no one cared about his weight after the fight "because it was a banger"  That's TF I'm talking about.
You’re right. Don’t let that guy fool you we were not excited to see Nate get dunked on like every other good grappler did to him.
I mean every single thread about Khamzat since has been all the same shit "tired of hearing about him, just fight already" "hype is dead" etc, really says a lot here.
Meanwhile we can go through 100 Khamzat threads since the fight was called off and you'll see people all saying the same shit.
It is a narrative though.  He also didn't miss by 10lbs.  If he had kept cutting and actually missed it would have been by under 2lbs if at all.  That is a whole lot different than someone walking up to the scales and being 10lbs off while doing everything they can to make it.
> He hasn't earned them yet hes destroyed every single person hes fought and nobody wants to fight him. The only fight that was competitive for him was the Gilbert fight.  Yes, Gilbert is his only elite win, but that was not at MW.  >Edit: Apparently beating the #2 contender doesn't give him enough talking power LOL!  You seem genuinely unaware that his camp has said, and Dana White has confirmed, that he is fighting at MW, where his best win is GM3.  At that weight he wants to fight only the champ or as a cheapo fallback, Whittaker in a #1 contender fight, despite having one elite win at the wrong weight class.  And yes, Khamzat has continued to call out guys at WW, but when asked about actually taking fights, he says his team is in charge of that, i.e. he's clout chasing at a weight he can no longer make.  Dana is pushing him as hard as Colby, and so undoubtedly he'll magically be promoted to ranked at MW soon, but he sure as hell should have to fight someone like Costa, who he ducked, before he does so.
Considering he's missed weight a single time in his career I'm going with the weight miss being a fluke
And none have the takedown ability chimaev does. Those fighters attempted, Chimaev would finish
The sad thing is if Khamzat gets finished in his next fight, a lot of the people disagreeing with you now will probably be saying what you are afterwards.
“Paulo has great TDD“ where?
And you still watched Costa against Rockhold and thought that performance will beat Khamzat …yikes
And yet you don't know how mediocre Costa is as a fighter and how easily Khamzat would bully Costa. Hilarious.
lol did you watch how Izzy took him down? A dude with Khamzat’s pedigree can take him down however he wants. Even if he’s conceding 20lbs.   This fight would 100% be a matter of Alex not letting Khamzat get *any hold* on him
Dude 40lbs? Are you serious? Alex wouldn’t even have half that on Khamzhat
Fake brown belt
It's not only the power, but once he connects, he also lands the follow-up shots. His precision is insane.
Okay? I mean I do agree with that part of your point because I think Khamzat's next fight will be a big deal and he'll still be super popular if he looks good. That just doesn't mean people in this sub were excited about the Diaz fight, that's the only part of what you said I was disputing.
No, no you can not lol.
I feel like you're equating people thinking Khamzat's  hype is dead with people being excited about Khamzat fighting Diaz. I don't see how those are the same thing and I'm honestly really confused why you're bringing them up as if one thing supports the other.   You're right that there are people who think Khamzat's hype train was dead after he he missed weight and the Diaz fight was canceled, but that's not because people were excited to see him fight Diaz.   Everyone knew that fight was fucking stupid. People were saying his hype was dead (which I don't entirely agree with) because he missed weight by a huge amount, then had to fight a much lesser-known opponent, and acted weirdly defiant and unlikable through the whole thing.   I do think the weight miss was definitely damaging to his hype because it cast doubt of the fact that he could still make WW, which was the division in which he'd built way more momentum and was super close to a title shot. He's way more of an unknown quantity at MW because his wins there aren't nearly as good as his WW wins.
How many top guys did Volk beat at lightweight before fighting Islam?
It's so hilarious that you're downvoted for a factual statement. Are we sure these people are MMA fans?
You're wrong, but that's OK.
Then why he didn’t bully Gilbert who is smaller than Costa
Duuude...
Chimaev is at 195-200lbs between fights. Pereira walks around at 233lbs. That’s more than 15lbs dude are you serious?
He throws nice flowing combos sometimes. His strikes often come out of nowhere at angles
Its literally happening IN THIS THREAD LMAO. I forgot that this sub is filled with a buncha redacted motherfuckers who like to flipflop their narratives.
Is Khamzat a champion with a long series of defenses, or a guy who narrowly defeated Gilbert?
Yeah, let’s compare the currently most dominant champion in the UFC to Chimaev. You have to be pretending
Well I feel like I'm an MMA fan but I have a hard time seeing Romero get taken down and finished
Because Gilbert is a top tier fighter with elite BJJ that khamzat didn’t want to play with. Compare to Costa who looked like hot sloppy shit against the moving corpse of Luke Rockhold
You’re the only person saying you wanted to see khamzat vs Nate and that you thought it was a great match up. Full fucking stop bro
I'm just using the same logic.  The difference is that Chimaev is undefeated and Volk isn't.  People who act like he doesn't deserve to fight top guys just don't like him.  No other way around it.
ribas will clearly win and maycee will get the split decision
I got maycee via controversial decision
This fight’s guna have a lot of yelling.
Incoming split decision
Pls Ribas
Hopefully Ribas is able to outgrapple her.  She looked really good in her last fight
That has "surprisingly entertaining fight" written all over it. Ribas is clearly the superior grappler but her defense is bad and Barber hits hard.
Gotta go with Ribas considering she has over 100 wins.
Marketable.
Maycee gets good matchup against another bad striker who is also an undersized flyweight
Maycee by tko is more likely than you guy’s want to admit.
I got Ribas. Good match up
Is Maycee Barber the one that was air boxing throughout an entire fight?
I can’t seem to find any information on a 2023 Jacksonville card. Is this the first fight they have announced?
I predict Amanda will handily win the first two rounds and then Maycee will come on strong in the third and somehow will be awarded the win.
Ribas needs to knock her tf out or sub her
I think Ribas fucks her up
Guru predicted it!!
I actually like this fight for some reason, should be a fun one. I’d actually say I’m excited for it lol
Maycee probably takes this one
Barber by robbery
Bet the house on Maycee Barber. She has more iG followers. See Paddy the Baddy and Sugar Sean for examples.
I'm convinced dudes in here have only ever seen that video of Barber vs Grasso. Barbers striking isn't great but she does a ton of damage in the clinch she hurt Eye a ton in their fight and blasted Lee anytime she was able to land. I'm excited either way, Barber is fun to watch
Getting my lotion ready for this one ☝️
Andrea Lee got robbed bad. Still mad over it and the fact it was the onLy Leg of my 7 Leg/fight parLay that didn’t hit 😡🤬😤
She needs to face a wrestler  This bitch is always edging out split decision. She's the female Benson Henderson
Maycee all the way let’s goo
I don't want any to lose. Fuck.
Should be Maycee all night, but for some reason I am thinking Ribas if she doesn't get blasted in the first minute.
god i read amanda and assumed nunes and had to double take when i saw maycee barber after
I have no idea where to rate Maycee, she has surprisingly bad grappling, but keeps winning fights or having close fights with good fighters in her division. Does Faber just suck at coaching?
Damn, actually stoked for this one.
This actually a 50/50 because Ribas can easily grapplefuck Maycee, but her chin in up in the air and if Maycee can find it with one good shot then its goodnight.
Sincerely hope Ribas wins convinced. If not, feed Maycee to a prospect like Fiorot.
Robbery, Ribas won all 3 rounds
Make sure you get a finish, otherwise Barber is getting the win from the judges even if you double her strikes and TDs.
I hope they bring back the cameraman from the last ribas fight
I think as long as Ribas understands that she's the aggressor it's easy money on Ribas. I can see a scenario where Barber shadow boxes and drags this out for three very tiresome rounds. Ribas needs to get her in the corner asap and maul her.
I think Amanda Ribas will win cause she's hotter.
Why are you killing a young contender in this fight? Why not give each of them, say, Lauren Murphy?
maycee’s shadowboxing is underrated, don’t sleep on it.
This is the way
And both fighters will get a 30-27 card
It’s the only way!
Ah fuck it's in Florida too
I got Hamanda over Hayce
Judges gonna overturn a tap somehow to give Maycee the win
Lmao 🤣
And about 4 potentially damaging strikes
My Ribae <3
I know, the air in front of Ribas is going to be in for a world of hurt.
She is chinned af. Got TKOed by Marina twice and dropped by Jandiroba.
> and Barber hits hard.  When she can actually connect with a punch, and not whiff air....
Hits air hard?
Dana, is that you??
Were Grasso and KGB really “bad strikers”? I mean De la rosa certainly was but It doesn’t seem like she’s getting handpicked opponents, just handpicked decisions.
Shes cute so shes getting pushed. Even if she loses the fight she'll win a decision.
But someone who is a way better grappler
Yeah I love Ribas but she's chinny.
She looked shitty against andrea lee
I live in jax and didn’t even know it was happening
Why would you parlay someone that is already a +200 underdog? You’re already getting plus odds…. What a terrible -EV bet. Sorry that you lost a few bucks, mom will give you your allowance soon.
It honestly want that bad of a decision. Damage vs control, it was a close fight
What was the payout?
Bruh, the only thing that gets blasted when Maycee fight is the air.   When have you seen her blast someone in the first minute lmaoo
Was probably influenced by Hanma Baki
We just need someone to do shadow head movement to get the ultimate matchup with maycee
Au contraire: if we just go back to Miranda Maverick we can see a decision that was just a straight up highway robbery, and where there can be no legit controversy about who actually won.
rararara
Idk Ribas has been pretty entertaining to watch fight
Don’t make Michelle Waterson get involved.. the air will never be able to recover
No one realizes Barber has been working up to a real world Guile \*Sonic Boom\* and when she finally pulls it off you'll never question her again. She must not just capture air, she must tame it. COMMAND IT.
Have you seen Barber's last fight ? She's beefing less and less with air these days. At one point she was landing flurries that snapped Lee's head back.
Lol yea watch her fights. It’s hilarious to watch
She kicked off the handpicked decision with the greatest robbery of all time, when Miranda Maverick comprehensively dominated her in all aspects of the fight, and then lost on the scorecards.  IMO that fight makes Jared v. Haircut look like totally legit judging.
I mean she lost to grasso didn't she? Look at her past 5 only two of them were decent and she in my eyes lost one of them
Is she really? I know she was finished like twice against Rodriguez but when else has she shown a suspect chin? She got dropped by Jandiroba in the first rd but recovered quick and won the fight.   If that counts as being chinny then Tony Ferguson would be considered chinny during his prime lol.
According to the judging criteria, control time is not scored. Immediate damage is prioritized over everything, or any individual action that can cause a stoppage to the fight (knockdowns or submission attempts)
320$ 😫 I kno that’s not a crazy big amount but still stings 😩
I’m inclined to agree with you but Ribas is so chinny. Ribas has been rocked in her last 4 fights.   Barber is not the best flyweight however she got a power advantage and chin advantage. It’s gonna be dicey for Ribas either way.
Against Gillian ~~Anderson~~ Robertson, maybe it was 2 minutes but you know what I mean.  Out strike and out muscle her opponent.  If Amanda doesn't let herself get pushed around I think she takes it.
She wasn’t hitting air against lee
he's talmbout Maycee's shadowboxing
Big whoosh
She hasn't done it since the Grasso fight lol
My friend bet 20 pushups on Maycee and started doing them before the decision was made lol
That's what they're saying. Lee had control positions that she didn't do any damage from. In fact, she got kinda messed up from top side control.   I expected Lee to win via superior grappling and lost a bet on her, but I couldn't feel too bad about it because she really didn't accomplish anything with her grappling except get temporarily caught in one of the weirdest holds I've seen used by someone from bottom side control.
Dicey dicey bapa 🎲🎲
Gillian Robertson, not Anderson
She was for R1.  I couldn't believe my eyes when she actually found the range for once, and the heat was pretty damn good when she actually landed.
Oh shit, OK yeah that makes sense haha
Haha, thank you, yes, haha. (I think I lost time)
I wish I had better shit to do with my life lol. Don’t remember the last time I forgot about a UFC card, or even boxing, PFL, Bellator, BKFC, etc.
This would of been great for 1993-2007 lol
Firefox or bust
This is what I use.  https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/2ua348/ufc_google_calendar/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=mweb  By u/brettawesome
You know I am very picky with my Chrome Extensions but this is really cool!
If it pulls info from Google then no thanks. For some reason Google constantly has incorrect info on UFC cards
sucks chrome is getting ready to drop extensions feature soon... good find tho
Is there one for more promotions besides UFC? I added this and it is really nice.
I don't miss any either. For numbered cards I try to plan my night around them. If I can't, I just stream on my phone. Weddings,  children's birthdays party,  no matter where I am I'm watching. You can get two streams going on once on iPhone if you're using the espn app. Combat sports are life
I have nothing else to do with my life these days but I'm the opposite. I know it's a Saturday so I expect something. I just don't know what.  The UFC is fucking dreadful when it comes to promoting events. I have to come here and check the sidebar before I have any idea an even is upcoming.  Basically, I'm the opposite of you. I forget about UFC cards all the time these day, because... fuck the Apex and everything the UFC have done in the last 7 years. It's all blurred together. And their constant turnover of no-name fighters that the commentary team act like I should know... not everyone watched Dana White's Dancing With The UFC Reject Stars .
You can do stuff and still be a combat sports fan :)
Do you enjoy it though?
I always forget about bellator. Last fight I watched was McKee vs pit bull. Keep up with all others though
I think I've been using that for 10 years now and it's been great
Really? I've found the google ones to be the best. Up to date on cancelations too. I usually get all my ufc event times and dates by just googling "ufc" and theres no need to go to a site or click a link the events are all there to swipe left to right.
What Oauth tags does it grab from Google though?
No. They stopped allowing extensions made in Mv2 and now require extensions to use Mv3. This change happened in January. It's just a new updated architecture.
Yeah I’m trying to be more cognizant of this the older I get because some people get seriously offended, but these sports are just so unpredictable you gotta tune in.
Yeah 100%.
I’m kidding lmao uni student two jobs, but never short on time when it comes to the fight game.
I always used to see wrong start times and upcoming fights listed on the wrong cards. But maybe its gotten better since I stopped checking it
k I went back over it... not until Jan 2024 n you're right about Mv3 but also it sounds like they're also trying to limit it's capabilities that Mv2 supported w/out issues. either way ads suk n I'm not looking forward to the change if it involves having to deal w/ads. I wouldn't be mad if they have an ad-free paid for option...
yes n no... the info I ran across is current. not even close to being as far back as Jan... I'll try n find it... I actually saw it today. but I remember what you're mentioning from back then...
Lol, feels kinda bad to always watch no matter where I'm at BUT if it's after 9:00 PM and I'm not watching fights then I'm sleeping anyways lol.
Just get Brave and stop using extentions to block ads.
Yeah luckily the creators of ublock said they can make an Mv3 version. They said they don't want to and are upset about this but it is possible. Fingers crossed.
I've looked everywhere and all i can find is the Mv2 versions being removed. If you can find something else I'd love to see it. I have some personal interest in a few extensions.
Isn't brave chromium?
I do... 😂  that's what I'm using right now...
Whats brave?
fr... I honestly stopped using chrome a long time ago but when I did I enjoyed having the extensions help out. specially downloading YouTube content, ad blocking n file conversion. there's so much useful stuff that it's hard to even go through em all but yeah I hope someone figures a way around it.
nah you're right... but check out what features Mv3 will lack...
Modified version of Chromium that blocks a lot of nonsense that wastes your time.
Oh I know trust me. It's already being used in a decent amount of extensions. It makes some things much easier and some things much harder.   But if they ever somehow completely stop adblockers I'll be switching to opera.
Love it, Fitzy. Keep up the great work!
Eric seems like a solid dude! He should start saying “We are Firemen” in between rounds like Teddy Atlas lol
Very good yes
Thank you!
Left hook like Poatan
I first learned about/saw him live in Austin. He was losing exchanges on the feet, but just kept coming forward. Was super impressed by his will/spirit. He will always have my respect and admiration.  Damn, his cut looks absolutely brutal. Such mental toughness to get through it.  Also, his girlfriend/partner was a few rows in from of me and she rivals Eddie’s wife. Loud and non stop!
Man, that mental strength is crazy.    I think about this sometimes, and he is a perfect example.  If you lose fights that you think you won, but the judges just don’t see it that way, how do you keep going?  I thought he beat Caceres, and the Erosa fight was super close.  Could I really put 100% into training if I thought it might not matter as much as who the judges are?  Much less endure this weight cut.  Fighters are a different breed, and Peterson is definitely from that cloth.
Gotta be the worst feeling to go through all this not to mention the training, and lose. Respect
As impressive as this is (I could never do it), fighters don’t HAVE to cut absurd amounts of weight. It’s their choice to compete in a certain weight class.
Give this man some views he deserves it.
That old mtv show with Anthony pettis showing his weight cut was the one that got me.
I don't admire the weight cut, nor empathize with it. It's fucking stupid and shouldn't be a thing.
As Jose Aldo stated   “ it’s the fight before the fight”
It’s impossibly tough to go through this and impossibly stupid.  I’m curious if the UFC has invested into any studies on weight cutting and how to fix it … I can’t imagine how many injuries happen cuz guys have massive cuts to go through.
EDDDIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! AHHHHHHHH
You should watch his fight against Erosa on the Strickland Vs Hermasson card it was an unexpected banger. That cut looks rough as hell
> she rivals Eddie’s wife. Loud and non stop!  lolololol
F for your eardrums
True, they don’t *have* to, but in order to keep an even playing field, you kind of do have to. If you’re naturally 155 pounds and you don’t cut any weight, you’re going to be fighting guys who weigh 180 out of camp but do cut weight, and that amount of weight is a massive game changer. It’s a shitty practice but it’s so widespread that unless you’re a heavyweight you have no other choice to be successful.
He’s one of the best guys you’ll ever meet in UFC.
For sure!
You can both disagree with the ubiquity of weight cutting and respect how much effort and mental toughness it takes to do it. Not doing it would be a massive disadvantage. Learn to hold two thoughts in your head at the same time.
I know. It’s a race to the bottom. Wishful thinking but if all fighters would fight at their natural weight class, we’d see better fights and it would improve fighters’ longevity.
[removed]
He looks like a character from a cutaway gag on Family Guy
Gil out here looking like brutal mars
With the fro out, Burns by knockout.
Simple Jack : Latin America Remake
This is Angela Hill
These ain't closed captions it's actually Yeol Romero transcribing what he says
Gilbert was the only fun part of the presser.   Dana was shutting down any Kevin Holland Masvidal stuff, WWE merger. Izzy doesn’t wanna talk. Poatan is quiet.   What a boring presser today.
This look is wild  Gonna make it funnier to casuals when he tunes up the Tony Montana wannabe this weekend
Why does Peter Griffin keep getting the first questions and always asking “ What does this fight mean to you ?”  Im jealous of his job/pay compared to the effort put in .
Bro when did Burns get a fro, I want him to win everything now
They both were kinda dressed like characters from Hey, Arnold!
Gilbert "Leonard Washington" Burns
Boy looks like a little rascal
Gilbert looking like prime jairzinho
Gilbert going to drive his combine to the Miami arena, eat some corn fresh from the cob, maybe call someone back in Mayberry, and then deliver the violence.  Not sure Andy Griffith approves, but I've known some violent farmers in my time.
So this is Giblett Barns
>Usman ran through Burns easily as well  I am pretty sure if someone gets knocked down and visibly stunned in a fight, they didn't run through anyone easily.
Is he auditioning to be in the next Mario Bros movie lol
can somebody explain what he's talking about? what implants?
That man has one helluva 'fro.  ✊🏾
'Fro Burns could become a new legendary fighter meme
I got Super Mario winning via KO (head jump)
The new Mario movie weird af.
Latin America Chucky
Gilbert just needs a mustache and he’s gonna morph into Cleveland from the Cleveland show.
So what is the game plan for Gilbert and why is Masvidal +350 ?  His wrestling is decent but Masvidal has great TDD and good cardio . Gilbert’s chin isn’t the greatest and Masvidal is definitely the better striker . It looks like it will be a competitive fight to me .
He looks like a 70's porno star.
Gilbert on that GTA San Andreas outfit/hair selector
Gilrberto isa trippen!!
Bettin the house on Burns
I love Gilbert burns. Hope he smashes masvidal
The 3rd Mario Brother
He looks like that gangster broccoli image
https://bbts1.azureedge.net/images/p/full/2021/06/6f847277-8733-450e-86b7-bc720055ca96.jpg
He looks like Cleveland from family guy 😂
Looking like a young buck with the afro he's been rockin lately
Did he get dressed in the dark?
Looking like Simple Jack
Giblert Bruns
bro looks like a brazilian Q-tip
Look at how uniform his hair is
Destroy Masvidal's arrogant ass, Gilbert!!!!
Burns has been working on his farmer's strength
Simple gil
He looks like he'd build you a really good tree house.
Gilbert looking pretty cool actually. It's a nice change from all the Conor wannabe suits and all.
Salvador Sanchez lookin ass
UFC fighters are the worst dressed athletes confirmed
Looks like one of the gross sisters
Looks like a toad from Mario
I like it!
Afro burns is undefeated.
Looks like he shops at Auto Zone
Love his outfit.
He looks like a backyard baseball kid
Chia pet Gilbert
Looking like Tego Calderon
Anyone know what brand the overalls are??
Mario
Is he wearing a wig
I fucking the fro lol  New mythical fighter unlocked; Afro Gilberto
That's Bruno Mars
Afro Burns is a menace
Now he GOAT.
Holy shit that’s legit!? I didn’t watch the conference. I thought it was a poor photoshop when I saw it the first time lmfao
Netflix Presents: The Super Mario Brothers
Looks like he's midway through a transition to an Andre 3000 gimmick.
Brotha wit tha fro tho. All he's missing is a pick
Uncle Rico
A.I. taking over the world!!¡
I have a feeling Fro Burns is like Blonde Brunson or somethin  It’ll do him good
Masvidal about to teach another trash talker respect
No examples? Shit post lol what the hell
Can we agree that this dude's got an amazing fro?
Looking like Ben Askren.
But did it quema cuh?
Gilrberto isa trippen!!
My man has become the long distant brother of mario
Lmfao 🤦🏽‍♂️ they really otta' invest in homeland translators.
Miami fans are trash. Booing everyone, wtf you go to the press conference then if you don't like any of the fighters. Florida, god dam.
His hair looks like a helmet
When you wake up and choose violence:
Nate griffin
Brazilian Mario
Bob Ross (pronounced Hoss)
Legit Baki character
Dark Broccoli
More like the Cleveland Show lol
Anyway... here's some Conway Twitty...
he looks like that one character from phineas and ferb
He looks like a member of Odd Future
I was thinking Nate griffin https://y.yarn.co/cb34fc4d-3b50-4b2e-be9f-2245c6147c7e_screenshot.jpg
I like this brutal mars lmfao
When the fro is tall, his opponents will fall
In comes the fro, out goes the foe.
"Ever seen a clown KO a joker?"
When the fro out, they go out
Ok Luffy
Fros out, bros out
Grow the cabbage, unleash the savage
new mythical fighter unlocked, Fro Burns
Fro looking gorge, knock out George
"I ain't got a g-goo-goo-good sprawl"
“Never go full Reebok”
I think you got a fine right hook, Jack
Came here to say the same thing lol
No for gay hair man? No for gay overalls?
With the overalls it definitely is ye olde Romero
#I LUB YOO!
Now we need Joey Diaz translating what Yoel Romero is transcribing what Gilbert Burns is saying
Ye ol' Romero
They often are.
You guys actually watch these?
Why was Dana so against the trash talk?
I felt the WWE merger is what pissed off Dana.  It seemed he isn't digging the new arrangement and kinda like was telling the fighters to act professional for once 🤣
He’s absolutely going to smoke Jorge
Phony Montana
John Morgan, he sometimes will try to ask actual questions but knows that if he pisses Dana off he’s done. For the most part it’s always “What are the emotions going into this fight ?”.
He used to be the first one at press conferences so he would usually open questions. Then later it turned out a lot of the reporters are hesitant to ask the first question so he's now the unofficial 'icebreaker' who gets the questions started instead of having long periods of silence
He apparently is like the first to arrive and all that.
how much does he get paid?
He’s a Dana sucker and he’s always early before everyone else. The other journalists had said this
He probably does a lot you don't see for him to be in that spot.
Leon disagrees 😡
masvidal is 38 and has lost his last 3 fights in a row. Gilbert looked amazing in his last 3 fights even if he lost to khamzat.
When was the last time Masvidal looked like the better striker against a top 5 welterweight? If your answer is from the last decade that might tell you something
Nothing wrong with how any of them are dressed
How is that relevant to this post whatsoever?
Erik Griffin
Nathaniel "Nate" Griffin 🙌🏾🤣
The UFC has a shortage of chairs
Fuckin 209, Lois, nyeheheheheh!
Dying
That’s Gilbo Baggins..
Sou eu, Marião.
hahaha 👍🏾
when the fro ain't chopped, motherfuckers get dropped
Gettin ma hand raised in ma head pictures
No forgay for the best of the best of the whirl the name is cheeses cry
MAIKO BISHPING, I LUUHHH JUU, SEE YOU SOON. BOI
SEE YOO ZOON, BOI!
Izzy is usually fun on these, looks like Alex really got in his head.  Hope his punches land better than that line about the dog collar
I put it on as a podcast and then go do stuff while listening to them.
Very boom or bust
They are either super entertaining or really boring, not in between.      Most of the time the highlights are shared here so you never miss much.
Sometimes, but especially when Sean Strickland is in them
Never and I will never understand why anyone does.
Some of these are legitimately fun to watch. I watch Colby’s, Conor’s, the usual entertaining guys
Great username.
If i had to guess it’s to make sure the merger goes smoothly
A dacade ago, he shit talked GSP in a post-fight Press Conference.  People got outraged, and Lorenzo Fertitta stopped him from doing big media appearances as a result.  He wasn't seen at a post-fight presser for years.
I want that to happen but it's getting scary how many people are saying it's going to happen. Around here that usually leads to the opposite and I don't think I could handle that.
Not sure why that’s the prevailing narrative.  Jorge’s standup will hold up over 3 rounds.  The times he’s gone 5 rounds he’s faded, his style is much better suited for 3 rounders.  Gilbert is one of the least durable guys in the division.  If you hit him clean, he will touch the canvas.  Jorge will find his chin
Nah cuh I doubt it
Yea , that’s the other one always after the fight . “ walk me through the emotions “ .
Someone asked him a few months (maybe a year or two ago?) and he said he shows up first so that’s why he always gets the first question. Gotta respect the hustle
Idk but his net is 5m and he got MMA journalist of the year .
Like what? Setting up a tripod camera and opening his laptop
I think the same but people gonna hate
Gilbert turns 37 in 3 months .  Since when does losing to Usman and Colby discredit your abilities ? Usman ran through Burns easily as well and had tough fights with Colby  .  Anyway , how does Gilbert win this fight given their skill sets ?
It’s pretty obvious why Colby and Usman outstruck him.  Burns doesn’t have those same tools. This is a completely different fight .
I love him but Izzy has a dog collar on.
I just feel like they look goofy in comparison to other pro athletes.
Y’Talmbout Riffin with Griffin
When the fro gets long, fighters are gone
Giblert Burns, Reebok legend Giblert
Oh no.
Alex gonna fuck izzy up again.   And will then live rent free in his head for the rest of izzys days. And then Bobby knuckles takes the belt from pereira. And then izzy gets it back and then Alex takes it again  Edit and and and
>that line about the dog collar  Please share.
Strickland might be the presser goat. Undefeated trash talk.  Wish his hand were that fast
I don't see how any of this is related to what is being asked, but all of this is not even true either.   People misremember this moment all the time, but he didn't shit talk GSP, Dana critized him for wanting to retire and said he owes Hendricks a rematch. He did go off on the judges and The Nevada State Athletic Commission hard as fuck in the same moment which is why people remember it that way.   Having said that, he had a calmer media scrum right after that and he never took a break from pre or post fight pressers for any amount of time. He was right there at the UFC 168 press conference after the GSP fight  Crazy how ur just making shit up and posting it with full confidence
Yeah like Jorge is a good striker, Burns durability has been inconsistent and MMA tends to have crazy shit happen. I have the same worries.
Jorge breaks the record for fastest KO ever with another flying knee.
And the UFC 100% wants jorge to win this
Very true anything can happen but Burns’ BLACKSPLOSIVENESS is not to be taken lightly
Yeah, I agree. Masvidal may be a bit washed but he's still a great striker with pretty decent TDD. I can see Burns failing to take him down, getting overeager on the feet and ending up getting rocked.  IMO while Burns is a better fighter overall, this is a great match up for Masvidal.
Jorge is a journeyman thinking about retirement; Burns is at the top of the division.  Should be easy money.
Yan by murder
I feel like he def showed us how to take a punch vs chimaev. Would you agree or no? Burns hasn't been on my radar long tbh.
I’m actually a Jorge fan, but I personally just don’t see how he wins this besides holding up against the fence and dirty boxes for 3 rounds
Lol
Shows up first _every_ single time? Okay then John.
John Morgan ain't worth no five million dollars bro cmon
Wtf are you talking about Usman ran through Burns? Usman nearly got finished in that fight, he only turned it around with the jab after the 1st round. Gilbert wins this fight pretty much however he wants. Idk how you possibly see this as a competitive fight.
Burns is a world champion BJJ player. His submission grappling pedigree is far beyond Masvidal's
if you can’t figure out why someone who hasn’t won a fight since 2019 is the underdog that’s on you
Overwhelm him with pressure, wrestling and punching power. Masvidal isn't as good if you don't give him time and space in the middle of the cage to get his kicks and punch combos off. Gilbert is a strong aggressive fighter with respectable takedowns and thunderous power. It's a tough matchup for Jorge.
If you're referring to their ability to take him down and control him as opposed to Burns I think you might be surprised.  I think Burns doesn't need to take him down he just has to threatened it, so long as he gets Masvidal to react to the threat of it I think Burns can run away with it
MMA is a goofy sport if you think about it haha
Nice guy neva meddum.
When the fro is bush, they get smoked like kush.
When the fro is round, panties go down
Wrong Gilbert bro
Wrong Gilbert
They just gonna run back their rivalry on Power Slap
Izzy gonna get married to a chick from New Zealand. They have a kid. 20 years later they all do 23andMe for fun. Kid’s results come back 50% European/50% South American. Izzy says “must’ve been a mixup. Me and your mom ain’t got any South American blood.”   His wife’s reaction: 🤷🏻‍♀️  The kid’s reaction: 🗿
Alex was losing that fight by a good margin before the finish. Weird to call that getting fucked up
Izzy beats Pereria then Pereira either goes back on his word of never fighting Izzy again or runs to LHW
Pereira will never fight at 185 again if he wins. He’s only there because of Izzy. He was fighting at over 205 when he left Glory, and he could move up to LHW to try becoming a double division UFC champ just like he did in Glory. That would be an absolutely insane combat sports achievement.  Not to mention the top of 205 (Jamahal, Jiri) is far more favorable stylistically for Alex than the top of 185, which has very good wrestlers. Zero incentive for Alex to keep cutting insane weight to get down to 185 and fight Rob.
[He is a dog.](https://youtu.be/AN9PCyWfZqM?t=628)
You and I have different ideas of good trash talk lol
Dominic Cruz was rather good with messing with people. He is a smart guy.
I think the big thing was, Dana told the press that GSP left on a stretcher or something and wasn't attending the press conference.   Shortly after GSP arrives at the press conference.   That and how mad he was that GSP got the decision just made it seem like he really didn't like GSP.
GSP said the very real concerns about mental health and CTE related to repeated strikes to the head weren't "that big of  deal" according to Dana. After GSP told of his concerns, Dana immediately started shit talking. His *own champion* who'd made them millions by being their biggest start the comany had ever known until that point.  GSP basically said "they're not *you're* problems, you won't live with them until you die." then Dana watched Cage Warriors and he loved the Irish.
I will literally shit my pants and then eat my shitty pants
Gilbert BLACKurns
Yeah I was thinking about this yesterday. Like there isn’t one journalist who’s thinking “Fuck John Morgan, imma get there first and ask the first question”? Every fucking time it’s John Morgan? Lol
Gilbert landed 1 good punch  and that was it . It was never even close to being stopped like you suggest .The whole rest of the fight was not close at all .
Definitely . The only problem is how is he going to get it to the ground?
I’m not surprised at all . Burns is not the wrestler that Colby and Usman are and it’s not close . There’s not much of a threat if he doesn’t show the ability to take him down. Usman had trouble holding Masvidal down and Colby had to work hard until he overwhelmed him .
You got me on that, but I can’t get enough
Wrong subreddit back to the fryers b
When the fro is deep, opponents shall sleep
I know. He just looks like a Giblert to me
I know that was Melendez. Just felt like saying Giblert
And it's still adesanya getting knocked every time
Pereira still going forward,  controlling the fight and getting the ko,  for like the 4th/ 5th time.  Points don't matter when you get knocked out.  Izzy played the point game then pereira sealed the deal.  Yeah izzy got fucked up
You don't call KO"d getting fucked up?  For the last couple years, Izzy has been fighting for decisions,  not finishes.  It's worked well for him- fight safe, limit wear and tear, make money.  And then one night it didn't pan out.  I expect a different Izzy tomorrow than we've seen in some  time (not saying he wins).  It should be a banger
Oof. At least it passed quickly. Thanks for the timestamp and everything
Scottish fox more like Scottish fux  Come at me bro
Sean Strickland is trash... who talks, trash talk
Strickland was funny as hell and got under Izzy's skin, so it is a pretty legendary press conference from Sean.
Ever notice that Dana turns on almost everyone once they're out or nearly out of the UFC. He has trashed so many fighters that carried his brand.
Where was the part about Dana skipping press conferences for years? You sir are a liar and a fraud, your opinions are meaningless
RemindMe! 48 hours
Get ready to follow through with that shit sandwich haha. Round 1 ko Jorge
Enjoy H. Pylori bud, Mas gonna do it just for you now
I think they were saying, “boo-urns”
I feel like there is some unspoken rule/gentlemen's agreement to let him have it at this point.  Hasn't he been around the longest?  Probably just a sign of respect within the journalist community?
John’s camping out front 3 days in advance every time
Rewatch the fight. You’re wrong.
That's my pont though, he doesn't actually have to take him down and hold him down to negatively affect Masvidals game, he just has to have a legitimate threat to take him down.  That changes Masvidals stand up to the benefit of Burns
Same here
I will always, for the rest of my life, secretly think of every Gilbert I encounter as Giblert, just because of that one Reebok jersey.
Understandable, I think of "Giblert" every time I see the name now.
I would like Dana if he wouldnt be such a pitty fuck sometimes. Stipe before Francis 1, Francis in recent years, talks about Fedor(he didnt carry his brand obv.), GSP when he wanted to quit etc.
I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2023-04-09 06:30:57 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2023-04-09%2006:30:57%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/12e0l0f/gilbert_burns_with_crazy_trash_talk_at_press/jfadufx/?context=3)  [**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FMMA%2Fcomments%2F12e0l0f%2Fgilbert_burns_with_crazy_trash_talk_at_press%2Fjfadufx%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202023-04-09%2006%3A30%3A57%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%2012e0l0f)  *****  |[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)| |-|-|-|-|
RemindMe! 36 hours
Exactly this. Other journalists have stated this
Burns takedown offense numbers are absolutely horrendous, look it up
Me too. I aint friends with no Gilberts but if i ever am, hes being called Giblert for life
I know what they are, it's like 35%, it absolutely does not change my point though.  It's wild to think that there are mma fans out there who think that every take down has to be in earnest and trying to get the guy on the ground, as opposed to say, using the threat of the attack to force a reaction you want.  You know, as if you were mixing martial arts to win fight
shes a really good interviewer
"He makes me laugh" -🗿
If Alex came out with a leash Izzy might have cried
Gilbert and Masvidal booing Dana together for a couple of seconds after justifying Colby getting a title shot is the closest of a union this sport will form
The Burns Afro is fire
Burns dressed up like world's the most dangerous first grader
Masvidal saying when’s the last time he finished someone when he last won a fight was three and half years ago
That’s always the dumbest question on the pressers.   “Journalist”: “Fighter, should we bet on you tomorrow night?”  Fighter: “Yes.”
Fighters removed ❌ Burns and Masvidal
Since when dana gives a fuck about fighters arguing? Who aren’t fighting
Atleast it will be easier for Alex to dogwalk Izzy with the collar on.
Did Dana really shut down the Holland and Jorge question because it wasn't part of the scheduled fight? I'm kind of surprised. That HGH beefsteak tomato loves drama like TNT knows drama.
Man, I want to like Izzy, but that dog collar line made me physically cringe.
Dana getting pissed about the Merger question and the Holland Jorge stuff is really weird for Dana
Dana getting booed by Masvidal and Burns on the Colby title shot question was hilarious. Colby and Dana got a deal lol
[removed]
This was a bad conference, it felt so controlled.
Gilbert looks adorable with his hair and outfit. A killer teddy bear.
Alex looking like the one of the twin hit men from breaking bad in that suit
Suddenly Dana doesn’t like shit being stirred up? Whatever
Jorge is a big fan of Brandon Moreno, pretty cool of him to start a chant for him
Izzy insists on the cringe
Dana gets red when he's reminded Vince has a higher spot on the totem pole than him
Ah, yes, the truly important BMF title that no one seems give a fuck about.
I swear theyve been asking the same question to izzy and alex about mindset over and over lol
Izzy's armpits are wild, bet the house on Poatan
Dana fucking sucks lmao
Why is Dana raging out shutting down every question is this a New Year's resolution or some shit? He usually loves the BS drama..
when is the Schmo gonna ditch the cringe act? Or is that the only reason he's relevant?
I don’t usually watch these, do they always dress like memes or something lmao. Burns as Simple Jack and Izzy got a fucking steel dog collar on 💀
This press conference has weird vibes
“Is we getting the job done on Saturday?”  Great, insightful question 🙏🏽
Wow wtf is this fever dream of a press conference
How has nobody asked about the new gloves? These reporters are trash.
I’m so glad Burns and Masvidal both boo’d Dana regarding Colby’s guaranteed title shot lol
Dana: aggressively shuts down talk about a minor backstage altercation  Also Dana: uses footage of Conor throwing a dolly at a bus in promos
I was there. Absolute shit show. I had to rewatch at home. It was so loud. Everyone yelling 'love you Jorge' 'fuck you Dana ' Gilbert get a fucking haircut' it was fun but chaos
[removed]
Dammit John Morgan ask another Masvidal/Holland question! Don't be a bitch.
Izzy going for the BDSM housewife look I see.
Love how Dana isn’t allowing questions on the masvidal / holland encounter, as if it’s completely irrelevant and people aren’t tuning into this press conference to see them go back and forth.  You’ll never see this kind of visible media suppression in an other major sport’s organization
burns looking like brazilian simple jack in those overalls
Damn Dana was testy today lmao
These “press conferences” have turned into such a joke since they allow anyone in the building (not just “press”) to ask questions. Then, Dana has the nerve to get angry and start cursing at people when people ask silly questions. The dude is an angry clown.
Rare moment where Dana ruins good content
Izzy confirmed big in the BDSM community. What a get for Fetlife
Not sure if I should respect or cringe at Izzy's reference to Jet Li's Unleashed collar.
I applaud the Schmo for memeing his way into a career as a journalist
Still so puzzled by the press conference lmao. You got Masvidal in front of his home crowd for possibly the last fight of his career and you’re not gonna let him talk a little shit.   So weird to say it’s one of the least entertaining press conferences when you see the personalities they had up there.
This press conference is ass since Dana fucked it up
Dana let’s jorge push that bullshit but no questions lmao
Burns with the Rose Namajunas fit
Dana is such a loser, this is all he does and he can't even do it right anymore.
Gilbert looking like Angela hill 😹
LOL Dana snuck a monster can in front of Izzy
Has any fighter gone from “loved” to hated so quickly than Jorge holy shit dude is massively annoying
Any other stupid questions? Lmao
Excited for the BMF to never be mentioned again after Saturday
Anik is way better for hosting pressers
Burns seems to be in such good mental place, a true veteran
Dana: dont talk about WWE, talk about these guys.     Also Dana: dont talk about these guys.      Extra bitchy today
Dana kinda ruined the press conference
Dana ruined the whole presser. Dude wants the UFC to die
So many guys with lowered Civics with shitty exhausts in the parking lot to root for Masvidal.
Izzy: are y’all finished or are y’all done
Lmao the fans start barking that’s lowkey cool
Kratos sitting patiently behind Jorge
Dana getting cringe
Dana is bitch made
whoa just realized I have been watching gay skinhead fighting for longer than Rosa has been alive
Dana didn't have a problem when Strickland was talking shit to Izzy but he gets all pissed about Holland and Masvidal. I guess he doesn't wanna risk another confrontation between them
Is Dana serious, a chance for some beef, something fun and he just shuts it down?
Izzy could have a press conference by himself and still lose it.
Izzy does not seem confident
Izzy really going to make me jump ship, was rooting for him and then he jumps back on the cringe train with the dog collar broh wtf is that 😂
Burns looks like a Brazilian preschooler with that afro and overalls.
Horrendous press conference, are we taking the MLB route of suppressing your athletes personalities now
He’s gonna ask a betting question 🙄
Dana censoring the jorge/holland beef, what a fucking moron, let them go man that could be the fuel for jorges next fight after he loses to that farmer on Saturday, dana is an absolute clown, its noticeably better when hes not around
Does Rosas Jr actually have some kind of deformity or facial issue? Guy looks and sounds like he’s been bashed by a baseball bat.
Jorge lowkey looks like he's taking it all in and realizing its his last big show.
Seems like Dana wasnt a big fan of the WWE merger, he's been cranky throughout the whole press conference.
Honestly,  that shit was lame.
Aw man there’s the izzy cringe
Dana is lame
Burns and Jorge teaming up to talk shit together lmaooo.
Colby finished woodley in 2020, Masvidal hasn’t had a win since 2019😂
The schmo thought he was slick with that LMFAOOO
Dana has a boo boo or something
“He makes me laugh” poatan dressed like joker and sounds like him too 🗿 🃏
Damn masvidal said put the house on him omw to put my life savings on his ML
Somebody wake up C. Rodriguez the presser is over and it's time for face-off
Keep it civil?!? Hell no!
Jeez Dana being an ultimate bitch today
jorge stan'ing for a loser does not bode well
There's an alternate reality where Pereira and Adesanya are best friends in a 'buddy cop' film sense
Question for Dana: How do you feel about Roman Reigns retaining his WWE championship
DANA LET THEM BANG BRO
Lol burns and masvidal agitated by Dana’s answer
Masvidal talking smack to Translator :(
Get it guys? He’s a broken native
Schmo got bitch slapped!
Damn ponzinibio has a set of ears
Ponzinibio doesn't even have to pay for a airplane ticket to go back home, he only needs to flap his ears all the way to Argentina
Izzy has a skirt on so it’s easy access for potan to fuck him
Dana must’ve lost a couple grand at the casino recently. He’s pretty pissy.
Absolute bull shit that an organization valued at $12B can’t even start a press conference on time, and fails to do so on monthly basis
🗿 Joker suit, is normal
What tf is that collar
For a min I thought Izzy was wearing the laser collar from the worst Saw movie and was doing the Jigsaw thing again
Tf is izzy wearing on his neck
lol Chad Translator also knows spanish
Dana trippin
Pereira forgot what the question was translation took so long lmao
🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿
All my Yugioh players: Let's go Branded
Would be cool to see Whitaker at the end of Izzy v alex to come out dressed as hulk with a steel chair
The crowd was kinda dead
what's with the leash lol
Tomato meter increasing
the hell was burns wearing 💀
Gilbert just finished painting
What is that outfit burns lol
bro is Agent 47 lmao
Lot of weebs
Grandpa Dana getting mad
DANA: "ENGLISH PLEASE"
Is this a nice dog collar? I genuinely can't tell. It looks like shit.
Pls no stupid betting plugs
the tomato needs to take a chill pill
YouTube live chat might actually be the worst legal place on the Internet
Lmao these dudes on eggshells   Cant even ask an interesting question for once
glad my name is not brandon
Bro fr 🗿🗿🗿
Gilbert bringing back the overalls
Who is Izzy cosplaying
If Jorge ever became champion they should do what WWE champs do and replace the default belt with the BMF lmao
I truly believe Burns is going to murder Jorge and I am here to tell I cannot fucking wait to see it
Dana stop being so bitchmade bro let TRAILBLAZER COOK A FUCKER
Dana not a fan of questions at press conferences now or something? Lmao
Dana must be afraid of Jorge getting arrested before Saturday night?
That front shot makes Izzy look like a kid compared to Alex.
Why did Dana shut down Holland and Jorge? Wonder if he has Lost a bit of fire now the merger has happened.
Gilbert looking like Afro luffy lfg
could someone reading these comments please explain what the "don't even ask" thing with Kevin was about?
wtf Dana? Ponz gets like 1 or 2 question, let him promote himself and the fight
Dana being such a bitch
Giblert's simple jack fade and outfit are really throwing me
Did Rodriguez get asked a question?
4-0
I think Rosa has an evolutionary advantage, idk how, but definitely an evolutionary advantage
Uh oh masvidal already eyeing holland
Poatan got the drip
Woah what’s Izzy got on
Whats around Izzy’s neck?
Does Izzy actually have a ski boot binding on his neck?
Lmao burns with the mario fit
Ufc bmf champion lmao
RIP Ponzinibbio, RIP to Kevin's corneas
Dana making sure masvidal doesn't break his parole conditions.
adesanya is so fucking weird   hopefully poatan knocks him out cold
What is Dana so worried about smh
i don't get it why scare dana, why now? xplain
I LUH YOU MIAMI
Imagine the Rodriguez dude pulls off the upset after not getting asked a question
Lmao dana needs masvidal to repeat the question for him. This guy is so cooked.
how confused you think Jorge was when the translator started translating his first answer
I didnt know the time for this  Thank you, bot
Can’t wait for the sound of shattering glass and Stone Cold Steve Austin’s music to hit.
Am I tripping or does Izzy look bigger than usual now
really hope it's not backstage drama between Masvidal and Holland that's keeping this thing from starting.   Imagine if Holland got two pressers cancelled lol
Typical UFC being fuckin late lol
Always feel bad for the fighters who get like 1 generic question during these pre fight press conference with like 10 fighters
Gilbert "Bob Hoss" Burns
Burns looking hip as fuck with it boysssss
Imagine if Izzy gets sparked out cold. Would've got a face tat for nothing.
Next question
Any other stupid questions?
Y’all think izzy is gonna claim the belt again if Pereira beats him again and move up?
Am I imagining that they were chanting "Free D.T." when Masvidal was up there? Or was it "Three- " something?
Does anyone know why Glover is always wearing those headphone things?
Dana’s justification for Colby’s title shot was comedy. When “he made weight” is the best you’ve got you’re really grasping at straws
I’m Cuban so I gotta root for my boy, but I think Burns gets it done based on his last few fights
Y’all think Jorge got a chance against burns thinking of throwing money his way
Cmon Dana jesus
Everyone’s distracted thinking about the BBLs in Miami
Jorge in Miami is cool  Ok well besides the Lets Go Brandon but he’s Cuban that’s expected
Masvidal is yucky
I know izzy can be a wanker but I still love him
Izzy is wearing a skirt, it's over for him...
Let them boys cook Dana
Frozen like Elsa
Burns and Holland vs Masvidal and Ponz   Tag team match, playa   Book it, Dana
Dang people are scared of a skirt lmao
Feel like Poatan could get in Izzy's head pretty easy if he wants to but is showing restraint. Izzy seems pretty emotional
Like both guys but i hope Jorge pulls it off
Doesn’t Colby have a more recent finish than masvidal? Lmao
[removed]
First Argentinian UFC fighter I've ever seen lmao.
yall gone miss izzy when he gone🤣🤣
These are professional male fighters who are wearing skirts, tank tops, green jump suits and fucking overalls. They need to hire Conor’s Tailor ASAP.
Santiago looks exactly the same as his Wikipedia picture from UFC 269, just a different shirt - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Santiago_Ponzinibbio
[removed]
Izzy looks locked in.   Something different about him this time around.   I think he’ll be looking for a crazy KO finish 🤷‍♂️
**Dear Favourite Mods of my Favourite Sub <3** Can we please enforce the no politics rule in these comments? This sub is haven on Reddit precisely because there's no politics in it. These comments already have garbage political arguments in them.
[removed]
Just cause you hang out in the gentrified areas don't you make the King of that city
[removed]
[removed]
Lol yall 3rd place at the gate but we'll be coming back
Everyone but Raul's opponent has gotten a question
How unlikely is it Izzy could cut to 170?
Yanez definitely wins the best dressed today
Izzy looks locked in.   Something different about him this time around.   I think he’ll be looking for a crazy KO finish 🤷‍♂️
Only Strickland, Vettor, Costa and Conor deserve to be in conferences
Burns hair and outfit is tragic stuff. Who dresses these dudes? Alex looks like a skinny weak dork ready to be knocked over easy. My Izzy KO big bet feeling safer than ever now. There only free like you boys get this week
Masvidal and Burns are both Colby's sons.
Who’s ready for Masivdal Vs Holland?
We eating good with this presser. Can’t wait to see holland and masvidal get into it again
I’m not an avid press conference watcher but I think out of the 5(?) I’ve tuned into they have never started on time smh
Did his mom buy a minivan yet?
between jorge and izzy this is gunna be so bad lmao
Gibby has no love for him even tho he is from Florida haha
Lfg go Yanez
Man bring Jon back for these pressers. Dana sucks.
Dana is such a pussy
GM3 fighting and also doing security behind Rob Font. Damn these fighters don’t get paid enough
LETSSS GOOO AS A MIAMIAN IM HAPPY
How's Mike Beltran doing?
Lmao Gilbert Burns turned into Holloway for a sec there
Is Dana gonna fight saturday night, him versus the world?
I hope Pereira doesn’t make Adesanya Chinny. He can’t keep getting stopped and taking big shots from this guy! He could ruin his chin!
Dana the dictator 😞
Izzy so cringe he made made 🗿 break character
Ong
Bruno Mars looking mf
Colby finished Woodley since Masvidal's last win lol
James Krause grinning somewhere
Yeah that was absolutely terrible lol
I think he retires in the next couple years, he doesn’t seem as passionate especially since the tape of him slapping his wife came out.
He has reservations at 6, can't waste anytime.
Burns staring straight at Dana while booing him from 5 feet way with a microphone was fucking hilarious. Dana didn't make eye contact with either of them.
lol for real, he does look like Tuco cousins
Dana with a goatee is Heisenberg. "It's not meth, it's not opportunity. Either you want to smoke it or you don't."
Important nerger currently happening. He doesn't want anything but a squeaky clean image being projected right now. Normal service will be resumed after the deal is fully done.
It'll end up in a promo lol
Really bad aggressive reactions from Dana. I don't see how his behavior helps the brand.
Glad to see Latino solidarity 😔🙏
That chant is so fucking stupid, but I honestly get a laugh from it every time because it's so absurd.
He is my cringe lord
He’s lost multiple fights since that belt, it doesn’t even make sense that he’d still be the belt holder.
Only the one specifically regarding Kevin and Jorge so there must be a reason
He's relevant because he gets interviews with a lot of good fighters. I agree he would probably be even more popular if he dropped the cringe gimmick.
Alex was the only one of the big four fighters on this card properly dressed.
Do you muh muh muh muh muh mean it?
Not as good as “are you a lock?” but close
Peak journalism. 👍
Sounds lovely
I'm always curious why these are so hard to follow for the fighters and Dana. The crowd noise is always turned down on the broadcast. I love the crowd energy but they gotta figure out those issues by now
Lmaaao remind me when I was at UFC Rio and I couldn't hear Moreno's speech because everyone was booing and cursing lmao
Lol I wish Alex would have brought a dog chain with him.
And he's made claims in the past that he doesn't censor fighters at all. Yeah, Dana was in cringe mode this press conference.
Man something just seems fishy with it all. I'm still standing by the fact Colbys getting a title shot so he drops charges against Jorge.
It sucked, but it’s probably him not wanting to risk Masvidal and Holland fighting backstage. Dana is a scumbag, but this was smart.
It's because of the drama that happened backstage at the UFC 279 press conference. It's understandable that they want to avoid another situation like that.
Dana comes across like a guy who has to promote a felon street brawler who soon as facing any heat will commit another felon and tank the live gate. Leon and Colby both come to mind.  Edit / Grammar.
I think they are all press asking questions still aren't they? I recognize most of them
He didn't sell it well. Should have doubled down on the Elsa shit, "Unleashed like Jet Lee". Just a touch of self-awareness, lol.
I actually like the reference, but even as someone who doesn’t shame a man for a more feminine fashion sense, the skirt was so off putting
i could look past it if he wasn't wearing an actual dress with it. Idk who lets Izzy dress like this
> You got Masvidal in front of his home crowd for possibly the last fight of his career and you’re not gonna let him talk a little shit.  The only theory I've heard that makes sense of it is that Masvidal legit attacked another fighter after having beef with him, and the UFC legal team don't want to risk a fight breaking out, now or later in a bushwhacking, real injury being done, and they egged on someone with a history of assaulting people in this exact circumstance.
I wanted to see them talk trash man fuck dana for that
Angela Gil
🤣🤣🤣
Khamzat and paddy
The second he wore the robe and got ignored by Conor it was over. He was annoying a lot longer than that but it all went down hill for him in that moment.
Fake account
what's the point of him even being there if he won't answer questions the 'president of the ufc' would answer.  Might as well have Jon Anik
Lmao.
Masvidal is a know "sucker puncher" so he doesn't wanna risk losing 2 fights on the main card
Holland and Masvidal have both been involved in fights that have caused a bunch of issues. Holland was in a fight at the press conference last September that led to the press conference being ended really early. Masvidal has been in multiple scuffles with other fighters including one that someone pressed charges for (the Colby sucker punch).
Frozen like Elsa
Reminds me of Anthony Joshua in a way before the second Ruiz fight. He did win it, but if Ruiz had a better camp I think he would have won it again. i hope Alex demolishes his spirit. Izzy can win like 4.5 rounds like Usman vs Leon in the second one, but if he gets flatlined I have no idea what will he do afterwards. I just can't stand his persona anymore, he really is insufferable. Not against the guy as obviously I don't know him, but he really irritates me.
Yeah I'm not a fan of having a champion that would most likely lose to the majority of the division but israel makes it so hard to like him sometimes lmao
How the fuck can you be rooting for Izzy? I genuinely don’t get it?
The vibe is different, the last time he wanted the fight and was confident that he's beat a green-to-MMA Alex on a big stage. Now this time its like he's annoyed to be here and jumping through the hoops as the challenger, does NOT want this fight again because he stands to lose a lot if he fails again. He's wishing this was a 3rd Vettori or Whittaker title defense right about now.
Dana doesn't want to risk Jorge getting pissed and brawling Kevin or sucker punching him outside the cage and having the main event canceled. You think Dana doesn't want to promote a fight? He's being smart.
Pallister W syndrome. Pallister W syndrome is a rare genetic disorder characterized by unusual facial features such as clefting of the palate and the upper lip, and a broad flat nose.
I'm sure you're a real looker
Tbf this is only his fifth "big show", and he isnt the centre of attention for this one, didnt turn up for the 3 previous ones either, being an extremely unlikeable human and having beef with everyone he lays his eyes on is what keeps him relevant, which is why I'm confused as to why dana was shutting the holland beef down lol
He hasn’t been able to slap his wife in a week
i have a feeling masvidal cant get into any shit due to the legal issues with the sucker punch so Dana might be tryign to prevent anything escalating that could ruin one of his cash cows? just guessing though
So they both suck
"I'm getting too old for this shit"
Santiago "Dumbo" Ponzinibbio
Chris Rock just got slapped for this comment
Izzy has a collar on so it's easy access for potan to dogwalk him
Why so serious?? 🗿 🗿 🗿 🗿
dog collar - cuz he's about to be unleashed !!
He answered, just briefly about how important it would be for the country, it just didn't get translated.
The simple jack fit
Looking like Brazilian dennis the menace lol
the brazilian mario brother its a me durin iho
He looks swagged up as a bitch lol
Yeah he said it's a dog collar earlier lol
probably a shitty Saw reference
You would have a lot of fans if you were though
Balenciaga
I can’t really see how he has a chance.
It won't fill the void man.
The answer is yes
He’s definitely a child.
Dana doesn’t want jorge and Kevin getting the press conference cancelled lmfao
Dana is PMSing and not letting fighters answer questions that isn’t directly related to the fighter they’re fighting
He looks sick imo, bro has zoomer mental
Looks like a Stardew character
i think he got asked if Raul is overrated or not
his chin is so angular its impossible to land anything other than a glancing blow on it. It's like trying to punch an icicle, ur hands just gonna slip round it
corniest shit ever
That’s a sad reason to want someone knocked out
Probably doesn’t want another backstage or stage Incident. It’s still unusual from him
Did you not pay attention? He got a question.
He took steroids for growth
It’s probably going to happen.
100%, and he will probably keep calling Alex to fight until he beats him. I do think he's going to get it done this time though, Alex is 35 and the cuts down to 185/187 have to have taken their toll. I think Izzy is going to be more aggressive this time and KO Alex.
Unpopular opinion...I reckon if pereira wins and moves up ,whittaker takes it/edges out a decision the last fight was close.he's the best match up for up and comers as well, bo and khamzat anyways...
305 is Miami's area code
I thought they were saying an area code or something, but it sounded like "304" which can't be right cause that's West Virginia lol.
350
They're Shokz headphones. They let you listen to music while also letting you hear everything around you.
BIOLENCIA COJONEH
I do, burns chin is awful
No one is scared of a skirt, just looks dumb as fuck
Nah, it just looks shit. Even worse that he rode off of Poatan's idea last time. The dog collar is basically the icing on the cake... or the corn in the turd. Whichever you prefer.
Colby has the rib injury stoppage over woodley in 2020 before that  it was tko over max Griffen in 2016. Jorge had that diaz doctor stoppage, askren knee and till knockout in 2019
i won't. great fighter tho
Why?
L take.   Anyone can wear a suit. Rocking Gilbert’s fit takes a fat hog. Masvidal looked slick af with it too. Adesanya gets style points for trying and going tribal with it although it was hella cringe. Poatan can make anything look good. If everyone just wore suits it’d be lame af
Why do They dress so fucking goofy?
WoW, dude looks like himself? That's amazing
Yeah literally locked his own neck up lol.
This is Izzy every press conference and then he runs away and point fight. Don’t get fooled. Alex by KO.
Agreed. I'm excited for a W for Izzy
I'm expecting him to wrestle tbh. I think he wanted this rematch so quickly to avoid giving Poatan time to level up his ground game and tdd
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I mean…if we’re to believe Dana’s lies (don’t): third place out of all gates in other American cities is pretty good, is it not?
Gutierrez got a question. Pay attention.
Kevin Holland made it, but he's smaller than Izzy. I don't think Israel could make it without severely compromising himself.
Very unlikely IMO. He's not a small middleweight.
I don't think it's that unrealistic tbh. If his walk around figures been accurate he doesn't walk around much more than Usman
Insert Conor mcgregor …No here
Bro Izzy was wearing a dog collar 💀
How much you bet
Colby ducking burns
Burns could walk into the venue in his overalls after an all night bender and still wreck Colby.
Marc Goddard saved Izzy from getting chinny last time.
hes almost like a different person compared to a few months ago…. maybe it also has something to do with him being so involved in powerslap
He was saying “Boo-urns”
The man really said "Let me get on a win streak and maybe I'll defend the BMF belt".  That was not very BMF of him.
It seemed like an easy layup to put it on the line against Colby, that way there would still be a belt for the main event.
His first loss after winning it was to Usman, unifying it with the WW belt and making Leon the current BMF.
Jorge having a record of brawling guys outsode the cage is the reason. If he gets arrested the fight could be off.
No there was also a question directed to Santiago and he told him don’t even answer that and wouldn’t let him.
I guess it's risky...  the act got him recognition, which got him the interviews. If he drops it, who knows.  I think there's something a bit comforting for fighters knowing that he's looking like a clown, so they can't really "screw up" the interview or come off as unprofessional. It's also probably a bit disarming for fighters so they say stuff they might otherwise not, but sometimes it also makes fighters sorta uncomfortable because of how intense the act is as well. I imagine for the fighters, it's maybe a bit nice (or super annoying) that he's not like the 1000 other interviews they've done.  Yeah, in the end, I don't think he can drop it tbh. He's just sorta stuck with it. He could tone it down just a bit though.
They make me cringe everytime
They should make people pay.
If you want to avoid another situation like that (which I think is smart to do) then you increase security and limit how many people fighters can have in their entourage.   What you don’t do is silence the media and ridicule them for asking a relevant question that fans want to hear the answer to. The intentions are fair but the methods are not
It's because of the merger. That's the whole reason it's dana out there and not anik.
Paddy easily the fastest.
It’s dumb to think like this  but I lost a lot of confidence after he said the dog collar line, he seems to be forcing it big time that on top of the fact that’s he’s already lost to him 3 times it just doesn’t seem good
Bc Alex skipping all The hard matchups bc Izzy essentially cleaned out the division bothers me from a meritocracy stand point that and the fact that he’s angling for a LHW title fight against hill pisses me off even more   Im not mad at Alex it’s just the principal
It’s not like anyone forced him to sign the contract. In fact it’s been hinted that he pushed for the rematch as soon as possible against the recommendation of his coaches. I don’t know how that’s him not wanting the fight
Harry Kane has a milder version of it.
😂 😂
that's true and I could use the encouragement
💀💀 bro I spilled my drink
About his opponent's hype
Izzy is 33
i think Adesanya has a really good chance if he goes all out and looks for KO/TKO. But than again he could over extend and eat a right or left from his opponent if he plays it too aggressive. I still think he should fight like the last time and look to win on points because he can
I don’t see it happening. Alex is just the better striker and Izzy’s wrestling isn’t good enough to close the gap in striking. Alex also made a lot of mistakes last time. Alex has the experience now and will most likely destroy Izzy this time around.
Country rooooads, take me hooooome
Ahh, THREE. Fanx.
Damn I thought everyone would be on my side lol that’s what I get for reading Youtube’s comments before Reddit’s LMAOOO
Thanks for the lesson coach
I thought Gilbert looked cool. Was digging the afro/overalls combo.
Frfr this is entertainment
He looked like Mario.
Watch the NBA and come back lol
It's like exactly the same shirt, just a different color lol
If only Alex could strike like Izzy. Thank God he's got ko power or he'd have lost 0-3
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
His name is Christian Rodriguez.  Is you racist?
No chance. Usman has a smaller frame whilst also having skinny legs. Adesanya is not as as small as people think, he has also bulked up now.
We already know he’s a weirdo so I don’t even pay attention to him like that. Alex and Burns look like overgrown Toddlers. All these dudes try too hard or somebody is dressing them. You gotta rock a Hawaiian shirt or a track suit where I’m from. Don’t show up to a fist fight in a suit, 9/10 times look like donkeys.
A lot more than you’ll believe. I like Alex as a person but this gonna be a master class asswhipping. I honestly don’t think Alex is even good at MMA is my gut feeling.
Burns is several tiers below Colby.
Burns can't fight though. The guy is an actual bum.
Because Colby is really not a bmf in any sense of the word.  He is a good fighter sure, but so was Damian Mia, just not what people think about in the context of that made up belt
Yeah but Diaz beat Leon so Diaz was the BMF all along.   “Always has been”
Maybe who knows it isn’t like the ticket sale is pitot based off one fighter lol
Maybe who knows it isn’t like the ticket sale is based off one fighter lol
Because the Santiago question was about the Holland and Masvidal beef
He reminds me of Louis Theroux a little bit in that aspect. Louis plays a very naive character when doing documentaries, it always made people drop their guard and feel like they had to really explain things to him.
Not really, it doesn't really make sense for them to be talking about a backstage altercation between two guys who are fighting other people. I know fans like the drama but from the promotion's point of view, it is irrelevant and can lead to unnecessary drama backstage.   I agree with the limiting entourage point. I also agree with not ridiculing media, but it's not a surprise, it's Dana White. The dude has always been a hothead and probably got flashbacks of the UFC 279 press conference when he found about the altercation. He's not going to publicly get mad at guys who are fighting this weekend so he took his anger out at the media instead.
Spot on, they normally let that go off in press conferences to hype it up but they want to make the process smooth
I dont put too much stock into it because hes had cringe lines before every win too so I dont think it's much of a tell of how hes feeling, but no doubt this is the most pressure hes been under regardless, I do hope he can pull it off because I do think a loss here will prevent him from getting his credit when it's all said and done and he deserves his flowers from a pure fight stand point
It’s possible he doesn’t want to lose face, crazy tension and mind games between these two. Rejecting the rematch could be seen as izzy being scared or losing the mind game
Fr?
A question nonetheless
I think Izzy has to wrestle and submit him. He’s not going to last 5 rounds on the feet locked in there with Poatan. He just won’t. I think he gets TKOd even quicker this time
Anytime b, we’re all students of this game called life
Itsa me, Durinho
No hat no mustache, overalls that probably cost more than either of our mortgages. Bro was fire with it. Fro’d out. Stud.
What? Alex is for sure the better striker.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Lmao I'll take that L. Idk why I was thinking of Chris Gutierrez.
Are*
Neil Magny is a career WW at a similar frame to Izzy. Dan Hooker from Izzy's own camp--while smaller than Izzy still a long boy managed to have multiple fights at 145. Izzy is bigger than lots of guys think but weight wise I'm pretty confident in saying he's at the lower ends of the division. At least from what I've read against opponents he's gone against. Gastelum probably the one guy that he outweighed  outweighed him in the cage. Izzy by his own admission doesn't cut that much to make 185. I think with a robust dieting plan he could definitely do it. I'm definitely not saying he should or recommending it though. Would be interesting to see.
You gotta rock a Hawaiian shirt or a jumpsuit where I’m from! Or a dog collar!
You don't think the champ is any good at mma?
How? Colby hasn't beat anybody
It’s how you know it’s Izzy fight week man , the body language experts and armchair psychologists always come out
I guess but it was just a throwaway question because he asked Rosas one first.
i dont think that Izzy is a submission threat at all. Wrestling yes, but for it you need a cardio of a wrestler. Its a good idea to use it if he can get Alex down but all i see is waist of energy and dont forget that Izzy got reversal on takedown when Alex tried it. He never took him down on his own, it was Alex making a mistake
Izzy couldn’t even take him down last time. Alex doesn’t go for that stupid trip and the entire 3rd round doesn’t happen.
Facts B
No way.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Chris is fighting Munhoz next that'll be a banger
Magny is much smaller than Adesanya. Look at Adesanya arms, chest and traps, he is significantly bigger.   Adesanya at 170 would look like TJ Dillashaw at flyweight. He has never fought at 170 in his combat sports career.
No. I see a college wrestler beating him without even trying
Keyword is mma
Burns would wreck Colby. Worst match-up for Colby. Good luck taking Burns down and if he does have fun with that. Stand up between the two is not even close, Colby gets hit and Burns hits too hard
Burns sucks at fighting. Cry harder
I’m not saying he’s going to do it. He’s a horrible grappler. I’m just saying he won’t last 5 rounds on the feet. He HAS to win some other way
[removed]
[removed]
I've seen both. I know Adedanya is bigger. By about 5-10 lbs if reports are accurate. Adesanya is said to walk around at about 200-195. I think he could do it on the right plan. This is a sport where guys regularly kill themselves to weight classes they naturally don't belong to. Adesanya to WW would be a feta but wouldn't surprise me.   >Adesanya at 170 would look like TJ Dillashaw at flyweight. He has never fought at 170 in his combat sports career.  I'm aware Izzy's never done it. OP asked if he could and I gave my two cents on that hypothetical. I never said it'd be good for him or he'd succeed there. Would undoubtedly be interesting to see.
Without even trying? Interesting.
Burns sucks at fighting because you say so. Okay.
Easily. Bo nickal sucks at MMA still and would beat him with eyes closed and I’m not kidding. But I’m talking novice college wrestlers. Too skinny and weak
King Nong-O shall remain on his throne.
Rodtang gets alot of attention but Nong O is cut from the same cloth. Absolute fuckin savage
DJ vs Brooks make it happen ONE
Ah the return of their true Muay Thai king, Haggerty bout to get beat down.
I have a feeling Haggerty fails to make weight or pulls out then they sacrifice one of the lower ranked fighter’s from Bout 2 or 7 to Nong-O…
man, love these muay thai match ups. their last lumpinee card was fucking solid too. lots of KOs. Lets go ONE!
I'm a huge Nong O fan but imagine if Haggerty wins  He gone be saying "I smoke Nong OOOOOOOOOOOO dats the best pack got a brand new FN need to test that"
Nong-O is a technical savage. Nothing but bangers
Puric going to kick some ass
gas
It’s funny how people act like ONE could to take over the UFC…the average casual MMA fan couldn’t name anybody on this card.  Hell i watch most UFC events and post on a MMA subreddit and I still can’t name any of these people   ONE isn’t going to ever be close to UFC in terms of popularity
Does anyone know how long the events normally run for? I’ll be attending live and wanna try to make sure I’ve got enough time for the whole thing but cannot really find anything in event run times
What’s probably worth a watch?
I dont see how Jon wins this.  He had two brutal wars against Rodtang but Nong O is bigger, more cerebral and has more weapons than Rodtang
Is that Mini T's music again????
I want Haggerty to win too. The man deserves his day in the sun.
Do you think the reason why you only recognize UFC fighters could be related to the fact that you only watch UFC?
Typically 4-5 hours
Top 4 on the card should deliver. I also rate jhanlo as a prospect but I'm unfamiliar with his opponent.
I feel you but I just quoted 051 Drilla tho you better recognize
Absolutely correct but ONE mma has absolutely no media or cultural presence in North America or Europe or Brazil.  And those 3 regions are about 85% of the global mma market   As a result they aren’t ever going to be mainstream.  Having random fights on TNT isn’t going to magically make them relevant.    Also you’re over estimating how good their fighters are.  They have some good fighters but none of their dudes would be champs in the UFC except maybe Johnson but who gives a shit about flyweight?
Homie is just so matter of fact with everything he says.
I don't care who wins as long as we get a good fight into the championship rounds and Bobby gets dibs on the next title shot
The dynamic isn't too dissimilar in terms of the last couple MW champs. Both Whittaker/Adesanya and Adesanya/Pereira have the guy who's probably an overall better fighter consistently losing to a super atypical physical matchup who's also just a brutal low-margin style for them. Granted, Adesanya's a much worse matchup on paper for Whittaker than Pereira is for Adesanya, but at this point, range parity seems bad enough for a lot of Izzy's process in MMA
He's definitely a very tough matchup for Izzy,  but I also think a lot of people are forgetting that Pereira was well on his way to a loss before he caught Izzy in 2 of the 3 fights.  It's not like he's steamrolling him.    With that being said, he's obviously 3-0, so nothing else really matters.
Alex “IM DOING THIS FOR ALL THOSE GUYS YOU TOOK EVERYTHING AWAY FROM!” Pereira
"The shoey is on the other foot" fixed it for you
Seeing Izzy without the gold shorts on Saturday will make a lot of people here feel funny
Makes sense I fear.  And statistics are NOT on Izzy's side. The immediate rematch champion always loses (except Amanda).  But if there's a glitch in the matrix, surely it would be by the guy who ALMOST beat him 3 times & possibly finally figured it out? 🤷🏿‍♂️
He called Chimeav a dogs asshole that’s soo accurate
Rob beating Pereira is my favourite timeline.  I don't even care about the zombies taking New Jersey
Best way to get into Izzy's head tbh. Just remind Izzy that he is your Bobby Knuckles.
Alex has his number. Izzy gonna get frozen like elsa
Israel will probably just try to coast while edging out point fights.
He lost the first but he's not the judge so I don't blame him. He was losing the second but got a great KO. Same with the 3rd. I can't bet on him...
I think this time it won't last as long as the first match. Alex might put him out as early as the first round
I just really desperately want him to fight a wrestler. Any wrestler. At all. In any context.   I don't give a fuck about Izzy.   This isn't kickboxing, this is MMA, and you don't belong here. I want this fraud exposed.
Alex is just built different.
I wonder if Alex will be as motivated
Poatan being super based...i like this fighter
Gotta agree with this man
I mean he's 0-3 4th times a charm
I remember an interview with Alex where he said there’s a guy who beat him in amateurs a couple times and that even though he doesn’t fight anymore if he come back Alex would lose, he just has his number
I appreciate his confidence, and hope he beats Izzy again, but he was losing that fight till the last round. Bit of a stretch to say hes a bad match up for Izzy.
Takes away all of Isreal's physical advantages over the whole division, and then has both the power and kickboxing acumen over him. What a great matchup, especially if Izzy steps his game up.
Cough Rob did cough
Rubbish lol
All of you shitting on Izzy gonna be dickriding the champ in less than 48h
Am I misremembering this fight or was he gassed and done and Izzy had him on the scorecards but decided to get aggressive in the 5th to knock him out instead of coasting to the safe victory? I felt like Alex was done but Izzy unnecessarily put himself in harm's way. Point being, I don't think he was a bad style matchup and had better hope his gas tank lasts longer this time and that Izzy doesn't hand him any gifts this time. Am I remembering that wrong?
Technically what he is saying is true, but maybe he forgot Izzy was dominating pretty much every minute of that fight until he got caught.
I still think Izzy is going to win honestly, it’s just hard to see somebody winning by KO 3 times in a row against somebody like Izzy
I think izzy should shoot easily Rd 1 to try and sap the gas tank.
Tbh a whittaker-pereira-adesanya three way paper rock scissors would be dope for the division
He got saved by the bell as the stronger fighter in the first fight. Izzy got humbled, but he will win this second fight
I'm rooting for Pereira but I rewatched the first fight and Israel was winning going into the 5th. IMO and the announcers'.
Izzy only needs to beat him once though. I don’t think Alex gets an instant rematch if Izzy eeks out a decision.  Izzy would have a solid argument that Alex should have to go through some of the wrestlers to make his way back to the top like Izzy had too.
Chimaev will continue the circle too.
Question. What the sub called were I can watch fight replays
This was posted less than 10 hours ago in this very sub
It must be disturbing to beat a guy multiple rounds only to lose by knockout.
Izzy won 4 and half rounds of their last fight tho. If he shell'd up and ran then he would've won and it would've been a dominant display
Shit, he's got a point.
Poor guy may win the rematch but as soon as he fights a wrestler he’s going to be rag dolled.
I wish he could speak English. Because we’d get a better sense of his personality.  In my mind I hear him sounding like Arnold in the Terminator movies
Things are different this time. The foot is in the other shoe. The late worm misses the bird.
What did he say in the Embedded? "Even I'm scared of myself"  Ali-esque
Shit I'm not going to tell him he's wrong
Yeah it makes him so much scarier. Like he can’t be bothered to shit talk or spin things any such way. He just talks like a warrior who’s seen shit
Izzy probably knows this too
Like Khabib is as well
Nah tomorrow hell be frozen like elsa like he was the end of round 1 last fight and the 2nd kickboxing fight. Then he'll eat his words
But is he full of shit, he knows Izzy had him at least twice and he still talks that shit? Doesn't add up.
If Izzy wins, they’ll just run it back again with Pereira. I think Bobby only gets a shot if Pereira wins again.
Bobby knuckles for champion 2023
Bobert Nuckles gots a new podcast called MMARCADE. He talks MMA and Video Games. He and his co-host did a weekend preview, he has confirmed that he is in talks with the UFC "depending on how this fight ends".
My god Bobby this Bobby that. This sub is so hard for Bobby man it's disgusting
Bobby should fight the chechen chicken and steal his hype.
Okay but only if it's Bobby Bacala
Just classic anime dynamics at play here - Bobby Knuckles will no doubt complete the cycle when he inevitably wrestle-fucks Poaton later this year.
>overall better fighter  Are you confusing "overall better fighter" with "more well-rounded"? Even though his offense is completely striking based, Adesanya has proven himself capable of defending grapplers, which is why is why it's pretty uncommon of an opinion to say he is worse than Whittaker.  Most people have the suspicion that Pereira wouldn't be able to defend against a wrestler, which is why people are inclined to say he's worse than Izzy.
This sub overates Whittaker. Don't get me wrong, Whittaker is an amazing fighter, was an amazing champion, and might even become champion again. He is absolutely a hall of famer and a legend of the sport. But this is MMA, styles make matchups, yes, but imo the idea that you could say something like "Whittaker is still the overall better fighter than Adesanya'' is just fans speaking on copium. Because at some point, you can say this about \*SO MANY\* fighters when they lose.  ''Oh sure Petr lost to Merab but he's the overall better fighter'', ''Oh sure TJ lost to Cejudo but he's overall a better fighter'', "Chimaev might have beaten Burns but Burns is still the overall better fighter'', "Aljo might have beaten Petr but we saw in the Sandhagen fight that Petr is still the overall better fighter''  If Adesanya's striking gap against Whittaker was enough to beat him twice then no, Whittaker isn't the overall better fighter, because whatever metric you are using to measure this isn't consistent nor applicable to every fighter around. It's like saying ''Whittaker might have beaten Romero twice, but Romero arguably had a better result against Adesanya by not getting KO'd and forcing him into one of the most boring fights of all time, so I think Romero is overall the better fighter". Like bro, no, it does not make any sense. ''Overall better fighters'' don't lose multiple times in different ways. They only exist in cases where fighters have like, one fluke loss or some shit.  A fighter being more well-rounded \*DOES NOT\* mean he's an overall better fighter.
I think it’s a stretch to say Whittaker is an overall better fighter than Adesanya and the result of their fights is just a matchup issue
I mean, in Adesany’s defense, he pretty much cleaned out MW so its hard to say he’s not overall better just “super atypical”. While he hasn’t shown a ton of grappling offense, his grappling defense is elite, and we’ve now seen him successfully weaponize grappling in at least one fight at the UFC level.  Pereira, on the other hand, had the quickest route to title contention at MW since Anderson Silva. And he has visible deficiencies. So your characterization applies almost exclusively to him.
Whittaker is definitely not an "overall better fighter" than Adesanya
But to say Izzy guaranteed loss, I mean come on he was winning all 3 fights before he lost, not like he got dominated even though it kinda feels that way bc Pereira is so much more massive
Idk if I’d say Adesanya is better. Maybe for wrestling but clearly Pereira is the better stand up fighter. Adesanya is a point chaser. Which is fine for close fights or working the system but in terms of who is better at fighting? Alex all the way
It’s not the range that makes pereira a tough fight for Izzy, I mean that is a factor, but it’s pereira’s power. If he didn’t have that, it suddenly becomes a much easier fight for Izzy
No one is forgetting how well Izzy fought. But that does not means shit because of Pereira’s style.  Pereira has huge power that carries late. He has the technique to deliver it, and the cardio and chin to stay dangerous 5 rounds.  If Izzy wants to win on points fighting well ain’t enough, he has to be flawless.
I think Izzy's lead in that fight is a bit overstated usually. He was up 3-1, but all rounds were close excluding the grappling round. Alex was on point with his jab. That being said izzy *was* certainly up on the cards but to your point, 3-0 and nothing else really matters. Interested to see if Izzy has had enough time to significantly improve his gameplan
Alex going for the 4-0 sweep
Behind on the cards in every one of the fights, and also should have lost one that went to decision
Nobody is forgetting that, but your final sentence is why nobody is talking about it.
No he wasn’t. If Izzy survived that 5th round barrage it would have been a 10-8 and a draw.
He wore green for the last fight, didn’t he?
Yeah, I don't know why he choose the blue and not the green shorts. Green is closer to Nigeria and blue has nothing to do with him, I think.
That’s a crazy stat.  It’s all or nothing for Izzy, he knows it and he’s said it as well, and if you think about it, what is he going to do if he loses ? It’s over. I don’t think he will recover if he loses that rematch, he has always believed in himself and once that self belief is ( undeniably ) shattered by another loss, it’s game over. He will retire. That being said, I hope he wins , would make a hell of a story
I think Izzy maybe knocked out in the earlier rounds this time.
He said that about Schlob as well, but the translator refused to say it, dicey dicey
Rob embarrassingly putting Pereira to sleep in the first round via RNC is my favorite timeline
My wallet says Izzy pulling it out this time by decision, however it is very hard to argue 3-0. Some fighters just have other peoples numbers man, so who knows!
Yea his ability to dig deep for that last round was crazy
Of course he will. Its not like he's retiring after this fight, if he wins. He's moving up and it gives him more bargaining power in LHW. If he loses it'll throw a wrench in the entire game plan
The annoying part for Izzy is this has happened to him 3 times now. Hurts and outpoints Poatan only to lose late. I think he's gonna get it done this time.
Dunno why you're been downvoted. Wild to see people claiming Periera was winning the fight. People really have it in for Izzy
He beat Izzy 3 times! Tf. Of course he’s a bad match up for Izzy. 😂
What? He's beaten him 3x and KOd him 2x, he's definitely a bad matchup for Izzy lol
It’s gonna be a lot harder for him to sneak by a decision now that he doesn’t have that champ advantage
He is a bad matchup, just only once Izzy gets tired in the later rounds.
Eh...  Pereira outlanded him in 1, 2, 5, and 5 while being more successful with takedowns.   Judges had Izzy up but judges favor the champ (so did the commentary team).
You are misremembering.
You're misremembering.  Alex rested during the 4th and still had a ton of cardio in the 5th and Izzy kept going safe until Alex checked that leg kick.
Izzy won round one in the last 3 seconds of the round otherwise Alex was winning, Alex won round two, Izzy got the takedown in three and won that and then round four was close but Izzy edged it. If not for rocking Alex after the bell in round one it would’ve been 2-2 going into the fifth - and that’s dominating pretty much every minute of the fight?
Lol nice joke
He was only winning because of the last seconds of rd 1, without that they’re 2-2 into the fifth
Also something about breaking every window in his house just so he can avoid looking at himself
I will. From a safe room in an undisclosed location.
I’ll tell him he’s wrong and if he disagrees it’s on the spot
Comparatively he definitively finished Izzy twice so he has the upper hand
If Pereira wins then he should just go fight at LHW and live rent free in Izzy’s head for the rest of his life
Has there ever been a case of two fighters fighting each other three times in a row without any of them being a DQ or NC? Figuereido fought Moreno 4 times in a row, but Moreno had other fights in between.
I think if Izzy wins, khamzat and whittaker will fight for a title shot, and Pereira will move to 205.   if pereira wins, whittaker probably gets next shot
Imagine how small Bobby would look in the ring with Poatan. He makes Izzy look small.
I sorta doubt Pereira would get an immediate rematch given he was pretty clearly losing the first fight before the KO
Nah. Izzy get immediate rematch cuz hes dominant champ. Alex isnt lol
Bobby couldn’t wrestle fuck Izzy, now I’m not saying Alex has the same level of tdd but I could definitely see Rob going for that lunging combo he likes and getting slept. I’d throw down some money if Alex is +200 or higher
Whittaker is an elite fighter but the way Redditors speak about him you'd think he's the best fighter ever. Alex beats whittaker easily
There will be no wrestle dicking when Robbie fights Patoan. Bobby knuckles won't want to be catching them knees or elbows coming in for a takedown
If Izzy got rocked and finished by Perieira’s left hook, Bobby is going to get flatlined the second it connects. I say this as a huge Whittaker fan.
Whittaker says he is the "most dangerous middleweight" but his last finish is 10 years ago
This is what I said before the last fight:  Poaton beats Izzy, Bobby beats Poaton, Izzy beats Bobby, etc. Until someone retire.
Yeah, it seems the challenge is to take a relative advantage in one area and turn it into an overall advantage in the match. Tough to do.
>Even though his offense is completely striking based, Adesanya has proven himself capable of defending grapplers, which is why is why it's pretty uncommon of an opinion to say he is worse than Whittaker.  Sure, but Whittaker's tons sounder as a defensive wrestler - much better hips and reactions in the open, phenomenal gripfighting on the fence, wrestles up to his feet soundly. Adesanya getting laid on by Blachowicz (who is, himself, a poor wrestler and grappler) and some looks in the Vettori rematch are super concerning in ways that would be more clear if 185 had more than 1 or 2 competent offensive wrestlers  I think in general, Whittaker wins as many striking matchups as Izzy does - Izzy would beat someone like Yair Rodriguez a lot less messily, but Whittaker would have less trouble with someone like Dustin Poirier. In terms of wrestling matchups, though, Whittaker wouldn't just get Ricky Simon'd or Dariush'd the way Izzy would
Basically being the more well rounded guy means nothing if you can’t exploit weaknesses. Like Francis is very one dimension but his one elite attribute is so good that he could beat other dudes same with someone like ben askren
I still think he edged the rematch though.
Overrates is a bit of a strong word when the only middleweight he's lost to is Adesanya.
>was an amazing champion  He had 1 defense, what makes him an amazing champion?
>But this is MMA, styles make matchups, yes,  Yes, the necessary corollary of "styles make fights" is that sometimes, broadly better fighters lose to broadly worse fighters *with consistency* because the loser isn't well-positioned to address the weaknesses of the winner. The entire thrust of that platitude is that the better fighter doesn't always win  >Because at some point, you can say this about *SO MANY* fighters when they lose.  Yes. You absolutely can. This is something that the MMA public is complete dogshit at, because they should be saying it more. Maybe not in the examples you've brought up (outside of TJ/Cejudo and maybe Chimaev/Burns but all of those have some weird circumstances), but in a *bunch* of situations. Like, I'd never expect someone like Emmett to beat Rodriguez, but I'd also never expect Rodriguez to have a successful title run that isn't filled with softball style matchups the way Emmett conceivably could. Zabit annoys Kattar 10/10 times and takes a bunch of their 3 round fights, but is also clearly way less viable against a field of great fighters. It happens a lot  >It's like saying ''Whittaker might have beaten Romero twice, but Romero arguably had a better result against Adesanya by not getting KO'd and forcing him into one of the most boring fights of all time, so I think Romero is overall the better fighter".  Yes, I think that's a fine take? Especially considering how fight 2 between them went, where Romero arguably drew or won. I wouldn't agree just because Romero's approach is inherently a lot more inconsistent than Whittaker's, but considering Romero and Whittaker at parity is fine  >''Overall better fighters'' don't lose multiple times in different ways. They only exist in cases where fighters have like, one fluke loss or some shit.  That's not "styles make fights", that's just a fluke. Like, I'd never expect Moicano to lose to KZ in a way that isn't *exactly* the way it happened - KZ isn't a style nightmare for Moicano, he just highrolled it. On the other hand, Moicano arguably came out of the Ortega fight looking like a fighter with more upside, but I'd never expect Moicano to win that over 5 rounds.   Whittaker/Izzy is a fight where Whittaker's fantastic at stuff (fights where he can set up quick entries and exits, counterpunching, defense in the pocket) that Izzy just isn't built to test, and bad at way fewer stuff (kick defense, covering distance against long guys) that Izzy *is* designed to test. That doesn't make Izzy a broadly better fighter, although it could - but Izzy's weaker looks have been much more apparent against opponents who *aren't* designed to make him look horrible. He's just super well-positioned specifically for Whittaker, and in a division without a diverse field of elite fighters to really test him on other stuff
The reason why Whittaker is better because he should have won the fight on the judges scorecards. I won’t call it a robbery but going by their judging criteria Whittaker should have won
There’s a factor in play when Izzy and Rob fight that’s not present in any other example you mentioned. Izzy has a 7 inch reach advantage over Rob. I’m not saying I disagree with your assessment necessarily but none of the matchups you mentioned have such a physical mismatch present.
Whereas I would argue Adesanya is significantly overrated by everyone, including himself. Is Adesanya that good or is his ht and reach just an insurmountable advantage of his?? I believe it’s the latter. Every time we have seen Adesanya fight an opponent with the same ht and reach (or similar) he gets pieced up and eventually looses. Adesanya’s game is 100% predicated upon his reach and ht. So is he really as dominant as ppl believe if the best weapon he has is his reach and ht??  Hell he literally turned his back and ran away from Anderson Silva, he refused to engage bc when he did he got pieced up so he ran away and point fought him. Now if he goes up to LHW where even he says he belongs and dominates the guys of similar size and reach well then we will know he really is that good.
Whittaker is clearly the better striker. Izzy is just better at utilizing his natural gifts (height, reach). Rob had to work way harder than Izzy to set up shots.   I would even go as far to say that if the judges scored it the right way in the rematch, Rob would be #3 P4P right now.
Yeah I think people just get tripped up as fighting is so technique based at the top level but you can't forget it is a sport and some people have sport specific athleticism that is going to be more useful than any technique/well rounded skillset you could bring. The Merab and Yan example fits well for me on this as Izzy is almost definitely more skilled in areas over Alex but Alex's tenacity, will to win, power and aggression allow him to apply his techniques in the fight massively better even if they're less refined or varied than his competitor. Yan or Izzy could train most of their career working on the specific deficits they need to cover to beat their guy but when it comes down to it some times the style match up and mentality of how either fighter approaches the fight is just too much to overcome, reminds me of Dennis Hallman and Matt Hughes where I'd never say Hallman is really a better fighter than Hughes in many ways but he just had his number based on the match up and the intangibles going in his favor and I feel like people can't separate all of that nuance and the skills people show against other fighters.
100% agree. This sub loves to suck on his balls so much. He's good, but they act like he's GSP with 10 defenses
I don't think it is, at all. Adesanya is almost designed from the ground-up to deal with Whittaker's stance and attack patterns - Izzy's defensively and positionally liable in certain ways, but crafty enough with his footwork to make closing distance really tricky in big bursts, and his kicking game makes Whittaker's bladed stance really tough to afford. He's way more vulnerable and less comfortable in extended exchanges *without* big initial positional edges than Whittaker is, Whittaker just isn't the size or the style to bring that out of him. He's also just flat-out worse at building on his offense or dealing with an opponent who doesn't hand him massive overcommitments to exploit, and the wrestling seems like a big difference too (although you kinda have to eyetest it with a division like 185, which doesn't have many great wrestly top players outside of ACA)  Basically, fight 1 is how every iteration of Whittaker/Izzy should be going - and I gave Izzy fight 2 pretty clearly, but the dynamic was so different. Whittaker closing that gap against such a murderous matchup to clearly take the 5th and keep Izzy from having too much success is a *big* deal, and the opposite is true for Izzy against a guy who's almost built to lose to him. A division less bad, with more stylistic diversity, probably challenges Adesanya way more than it does Whittaker IMO
In defense of people who say Adesanya is the more skilled striker, he kind of is. Pereira is only better overall because of his power.   I can tell a lot of mma fans never watched a single fight of Pereira's kickboxing years because a lot of them seriously overrate how great of a kickboxer Pereira is. Him losing to Adesanya on the cards before turning it around is basically Pereira's trademark.  In the majority of his fights, he was losing before he won. Which is fine, it's his style. Pereira is a scrapper who leans on striking power to save him. But just because he's a Glory champion doesn't mean you have to worship the ground he walks on, striking wise. It's okay to admit he wins a lot of his fights because of his power because it's true, lol.
I hope he's flawless. Love his style, hope he wins.  I hope he gets merked right before the final bell. I hate his shit talk and cringe.  This is a win win fight for me lol
I mean in 2 of their fights Izzy also had Pereira visibly hurt and near a finish, in kickboxing he got "saved" by having a count, in the UFC it was just as the first round was ending.  People act like Izzy is just touching him and fighting to win on points, but he has also shown he can hurt Poatan, people talk about him like he's a demon and Izzy needs to jab and run for his life if he wants to win.
If Izzy can pull this off in the face of the huge psychological mind fuck that is losing to the same guy 3 times then it will be insanely impressive  It just doesn't seem possible to me, even though I think Izzy is the better fighter. I feel like he's gonna get finished in the first couple of rounds
If he survived that barrage it wouldn’t be a 10-8. It was ~30 seconds in a close round.
NZ flag is Blue
Wasn't one of those a controversial decision? Although I suppose losing a decision is the latest way to lose tbf.
I guess the fourth times the charm 💀  It's crazy how this has played out though, Izzy always looks a step ahead but Pereira decides to just one tap him and thats it. Never seen anything like it
Poatan can take Izzy's shots, Izzy can't take his, it's just matter of time for Izzy to crack.
History says he loses. Said the same about Usman.
Also Poatan was the less experienced fighter in all bouts and still managed to win
They even admit the judges had Izzy up, but for some reason think their personal opinion carries as much or more weight lmao. This sub is wild.  If it had gone all 5 rounds, izzy was on track to get the official W. Doesnt matter what redditors think.
I mean it’s crazy to say someone isn’t well matched when they’re 3-0 against their opponent.   Yes a controversial decision + 2 surprise finishes. But like it’s happened three times now. He’s obviously a bad matchup for Izzy wether you think Izzy is the better fighter or not. Peirera keeps pulling the rabbit out of the hat and no one else in 185 mma can. It ain’t luck
Dude it wasn't a blowout at all. He was landing hard shots and looking for the counter and cutting the cage the entire fight. He had Izzy on the run looking scared and recovered instantly for round 2 from being rocked and never really looked hurt again. He clearly gassed wrestling but he was never out of the striking battle for a second. He might not land it in round 1 or 2 but he comes a little bit closer and closer to landing that killshot and then once he does its the same outcome every time
Izzy was losing a close R1 till he rocked Perreira in the final seconds. It was a clear R1, 3, 4 for Izzy and R2 for Alex going into R5 and all the judges scored it that way as well.  Edit: Izzy landed more significant strikes in R2 and they were tied in R1 so idk what you’re on about
So we agree, Izzy was winning the fight till the last round.
Damage matters, it makes no sense to score round 1 for Pereira, it was a very close round (Pereira was edging it imo) but then Izzy had a very clear cut finish where he rocked Pereira hard.  Rounds 1,3 and 4 are very obvious Izzy rounds and you need to be heavily biased to score it otherwise.
In what way? Do you not feel that Alex was gassed and done? Do you disagree that Izzy was winning on the cards and could have laid back and played it safe and won? Something else? What was your read of how it went?
Every mirror.   Periera: "Mirror mirror on the wall, who's the scariest of them all?"  Mirror: Smashes into a million pieces.
There are no safe rooms where he is concerned.
Better not be on camera, 'cause we have all seen how that went for Izzy.
🗿
Alex "send me location" Pereira
Hey pussy, you still there?
Bro will simply corner the safe room industry to prove you wrong. There’s no escape
Those safe room doors may be impervious to bullets, but I don’t think they hold up to stone hands
"That's why I said it on Twitter."
Could probably take him tbf, heard he's shit at wrestling and I took some wrestling classes when I was 12
Do you trane UFC?
Can confirm, this guy does not mess around. He just sees red and bodies start dropping. You know it's on when he pops the collar on his polo and turns his hat backwards.
Seeing red best base for mma
Lol UFC management's heads would explode if Pereira left the MW title vacant after destroying the shine of their dominant champion.  Imagine them trying to sell a PPV of Izzy v Rob again for the title lol.
I think Izzy would retire
Omg lol
Moreno vs Figueiredo fought 4 times in a row.   Edit: you’re right, I forgot he fought KKF.
> if pereira wins, whittaker probably gets next shot  I want this, but the face-off with Rob looking like a child is going to be brutal.  The more time spent on Izzy rematches the better for Alex, as I don't think he has to be tremendously good at grappling to be a hard man to wrestle given the size & strength for the weight.
Khamzat hasn’t fought any top contenders in MW why would he get a shot?
I agree that will happen but that would be ridiculous seeing as Khamzat has no top wins at MW so 100% happening.
Would have been a draw tho if Izzy survived that barrage
I’m using anime logic, not the real stuff
Agreed.   Love bobby but that lean low, jump into it 1-2 is a death trap against Perreira.
The problem is Alex doesn't need to have great TDD if he can control the range well which he is extremely good at, that's half of why Rob had trouble finding shots on Izzy and with the Alex the size/strength advantage is going to make it even more important that Rob gets a clean shot because if he ends up under Alex, even with his mediocre ground game it's gonna be like trying to benchpress a heavyweight. Izzy will also allow a much lower pace open space fight while I get the feeling Alex is most likely going to press Whitaker and be willing to exchange much more, it's gonna be real hard for Rob to survive making it through range and if he does he better have something special because I imagine trying to double Alex feels like running into a brick wall and if he sprawls on you you might end up getting smashed from top position as Glover has probably taught him enough GnP to leverage his insane power.
Bruno Silva - no wrestling history and a worse striker than Rob - was able to severely slow down Pereira with takedowns and clinching. Something tells me Rob could too.
I think Rob is smart enough to know he just needs one quick takedown and he'll win easily
What the hell are you talking? Izzy has shown again and again that his TDD is great against Dereck, Marvin, Rob. Meanwhile, the only one time Alex displayed his TDD is against Izzy who made him look like an amateur on the ground. He's completely clueless on how to escape from the wrist trap which is hilarious to say the least.
Lol. Izzy took down Pereira...
HOT TAKE
I wouldn’t say easily, but I do favor Alex unlike most redditors in that fight. Rob struggles to enter the range of long fighters. He can wrestle but we’ve seen from till and canonnier fights that he doesn’t pose much finishing danger on the ground. At worst it will be a lay and drain. I like Alex’s chance of catching him in 25 mins. Especially since Whittaker is the title challenger and needs to force the issue to win the belt (something he didn’t do in the Izzy rematch).
Facts, it’s cause he plays video games and is pretty articulate on top of being a good fighter so people deify him.
Meanwhile he knocked down Cannonier, broke his arm, and almost finished him. He went to war with Yoel Romero and broke his orbital when Izzy wouldn’t even enter his range. He might not finish guys every fight because he’s primarily a kickboxer without crazy one-shot power, but he consistently hurts people and actively chases his opponents to put damage on them in a way someone like Adesanya typically doesn’t.
Whittaker knocked down Jared and fucked up Romero and Vettori in a way that Izzy couldn't.
He fucks people up, finish, or no
Idk about most dangerous but Izzy is really the only guy to come out unscathed vs him
I unironically think Marvin Vettori is the best match up in the MW division against Perreira.   Legitimately granite chin and decent wrestling and top control.
Bruh Jan probably outweighed Izzy by 20-25 lbs after hydration
I mean, I'd argue his incredible title run against killers, iconic two fights against Romero and his respectable posture during his reign. You'll never see Whittaker dodging matchups or making excuses. Those things imo are enough to put him in the top tier of UFC champions.  But yeah, if you are looking at GOATs and stuff he's not there, matter of fact Adesanya is closer to that than he is.
Dude, at some point, the better fighter is the one who wins. You can't forever ignore results just because of what-ifs. If Adesanya was just a Whittaker counter he wouldn't have lapped the same division Whittaker fights on.  If anything, besides Poatan who might be the better specialist out of the two, Whittaker has everything he should theoretically need to beat Adesanya and be his worst matchup. He's one of the best wrestlers in the division, with great stand-up and good fight IQ.  He used all of that in the second fight, which he still lost.  And no dude, Romero is a better overall fighter than Whittaker is not a fine take either. The better fighter doesn't lose twice, or at least doesn't lose twice while also having a similar/worst overall record. At some point you are literally just sticking your foot on the sand and refusing to budge because you \*want\* a fighter to be the superior fighter.
Dude's spitting facts, people just don't care to put in the effort to actually understand the nuances of the sport, lol.   A great way to understand how bad most people understand the sport is that Izzy is considered one of the best counterpunchers ever, when counterpunching isn't even the best aspect of his game. Whittaker is significantly better when it comes to the fundamentals of counterpunching.   He just can't beat Izzy with it because Izzy is literally Robert's worst nightmare. He's longer, taller, faster, punches harder, has a better chin, and is very slippery/hard to take down. Izzy is literally superior to Robert in EVERY physical aspect. It's a wonder Robert even made it competitive in the 2nd fight and goes to show how good he is.
See, this is the exact copium I'm calling out. No dude, Whittaker lost the fight.
If anything, this whole ''size disparity'' thing is a bust as well. Yeah, adesanya has longer reach, Whittaker is way thicker, Petr is smaller than Merab and Aljo and Sandhagen, Romero is bigger than Whittaker, Silva was longer than most of his opponents, etc.  Physical attributes are only brought up as an excuse to dismiss better performances. There hasn't been anywhere near as many fights being decided by a fighter simply being bigger, because in a world where those physical attributes change, my grandma would be a bycicle and both fighters could change everything else as well.
I mean, your description of Anderson vs Adesanya is straight-up fiction lol  Using his physical attributes to discredit him is even dumber. Like yeah, obviously the lanky-long dude learned to fight and built his style around it, that is not a minus and it will never be.  Anderson was longer than 99% of his competitors in his prime, and he also heard the same bullshit about his fighting style being reliant only on size. People like you speak as if Struve should have been the best fight to ever grace the UFC.
The only person we've seen him get pieced up by is Jan and Alex. You have a sample size of 2 here. Not even 2 since one is an entirely different weight class where he mostly got manhandled/wrestled. So you only really have a sample size of 1 here. And that 1 is a dude that is a top tier kickboxer and has beaten him in the past. Izzy has had plenty of kickboxing fights where his opponents are of similar reach/length. Guess what? He still beat em. Keep coping
\>I would even go as far to say that if the judges scored it the right way in the rematch, Rob would be #3 P4P right now.  Jesus christ pass me that shit because I want a hit as well
> A division less bad, with more stylistic diversity, probably challenges Adesanya way more than it does Whittaker IMO  You haven't actually proven this or justified this at all. Adesanya may be a bad matchup for Whittaker. That doesn't now mean in some other hypothetical weight class 'with more stylistic variety' it will challenge him more than Whittaker. Since adesanya still has the benefits you've attributed to him (reach, length, height, etc) and those would still benefit him in those other weight classes
I dont fundamentally disagree that alex power is what gives him the edge over izzy but that is only because they are so close in skill, else how do you explain the fact that he decisively won the leg kick battle against izzy who is supposedly more skilled as a kickboxer? Or how about the fact that he had better strike accuracy as well? He literally outstriked izzy as shown by the graphic right before the KO sequence. The truth is alex would've been a world-class kickboxer even without the ko power, it's just that with the aforementioned power he becomes another beast entirely.
If he was like Wilder I’d agree. But he seems pretty technical and happens to have power. For example Gervonta Davis is a power hitter but he isn’t a wild swinger. Not saying at all their fighting style is the same of course. But yeah I have some catching up to do on Pereira’s fights. In the UFC I’d  yes he is a very great striker. Compared to boxing and kickboxing leagues the UFC isn’t the most competitive league.  Adesanya isn’t a bum by all means though. This will be a great fight
Yeah fuck Izzy. As a long time hater of his anime bro cringe it’s finally payout time.
It's not his cringe, it's your cringe somehow triggered by him. We all got our own insecurities so cringing is subjective.
If that first round goes another 30 seconds I think Izzy could’ve finished it.
Idk how you can think someone that lost to the same guy 3 (potentially 4) times in a row can be considered the “better fighter”.
“Team Adesanya”  Average anime fan who doesn’t watch mma
Nate Diaz: "So, he from New Zealand now!?"  Funny, when Kamaru Usman, Ngannaou and Adessanya himself were champion than he's from Nigeria, now that the wind is blowing from another direction he's a New Zealander all of a sudden.   Makes no diference to me, just a funny observation.
Yeah the first was a controversial decision but it’s the most recent two that we’re finished
I can see Izzy getting blown out this time.
Coin flip landed on heads 3 times and now you think it can only be heads.
Agreed.  Izzy should have sat out while Alex defended the belt and then fight alex whether Alex won that match or not
Being up on Rounds doesn't mean Izzy was dominating. Every one of those rounds was very close, if you want to pretend the knockout didn't happen we can also pretend that Izzy chinning Pereira on the last 10 seconds of the first round didn't, and then it's 2-2 going to the 5th.
Definitely, even though I disagree with the judges on the first fight, it wasn't a robbery. He made that fight close, and I can see how someone would judge the power shots he landed on the first round of the first fight more highly than the volume of strikes from Izzy.  He gave room for the judges to mess up, that's more than anyone that faced Adesanya can say.
I thought this as well. Granted, you could see the difference in fighting aggressiveness that Poatan came out with in rd 5. He was completely different. Like he wasn’t trying to be offensive until a certain point, trying to time him or something. It almost looked like he was just weathering the storm and limiting his left hooks until he knew they would do the most damage. He threw a bunch of those hooks in rd 5 if I recall correctly.   Regardless of whether I’m right on that or not, thats a very hard way to beat someone like Izzy lol. If he wants a dub, hopefully that’s not his gameplan this time.
> Izzy was losing a close R1 till he rocked Perreira in the final seconds.  *till he rocked him after the bell.   I had Pereira winning round 1 because it was after the bell.   2-2 going into the 5th.
If judges in a title fight are your best argument.....
Alex got a takedown in round 2 that probably shaded the round towards him.
The guy you're responding to said that he had him winning rounds one and two. That means going into the fifth he had it even
He was, but the only part where he was dominant was in the grappling exchanges which was a result of Alex messing up.  In striking they’re dead even it seems so that’s why I don’t put a lot of thought into “he was winning till he lost”.   It’s not like Izzy was dominant in his area, he capitalized on a rookie mistake and got ahead by that
I didn't say I scored around one for him. I said he landed more strikes, I was simply pointing out that it wasn't some one-sided beating for four rounds where he came out of nowhere to win, certainly he was losing the fight but prospective matters.
Your overall impresson of the 4th aint wrong but the reasons for it are. Alex said on interviews he purposely stepped down the breaks on the 4th to come back fresh and go for a finish in the 5th. He was fresher on the 5th and pressured a lot, Izzy couldnt coast.
It's actually alternate universe Pereiras smashing the mirrors from the other side because they're scared of him.
When Capcom made RE5, they decided to make Chris Redfield punch a boulder because they saw how devastating Poatan's hooks could be.
Pereira is an SCP confirmed.
I heard he taps if you go for a single leg
Nothing a double  leg couldnt figure out. B
easy ankle pick all day
You are just built different
People can get upset at the idea of that happening because he skipped everyone in the division but his whole road was to specifically get fast tracked to fight Izzy due to their rivalry. It would honestly make perfect sense for him to win again and vacate and move up to LHW where he doesn’t have to deal with wrestlers.
Nah, they can easily build up Khamzat as the new MW star, it wouldn't be the end of the world.  Now if it's something like Khamzat vs Rob for the title and Rob wins then yeah, UFC is pretty much fucked
They wouldn't they would shoehorn in Khamzat vs Rob while Izzy heals up.
They shouldn’t have expedited him to the top then lol
> if Pereira left the MW title vacant after destroying the shine of their dominant champion  Maybe, but Israel would probably go back to being the most dominant MW straight after anyway, Israel had been fighting boring unmotivated fights but when he is on point he is still going to be far and above the rest of MW
Hope so
I actually edited my comment right after I posted to talk about that. Figueiredo fought Moreno 4 times in a row, but Moreno had other fights.
well in this hypothetical, he would've fought the top of the top contender, whittaker  but to answer your question, beating the leech, burns and holland is a pretty good resume. yeah it's at 170 but when the UFC wants to give someone a push, they don't wait around. Islam didn't exactly fight a murderer's row before getting a title shot. Colby hasn't done shit and he's getting a title shot soon.   and there isn't a ton of other title fights to make at 185 anyway
He is inbetween 2 divisions at the moment and very clearly one top 5 fight away from a title shot. Beating Rob would easily get him the shot next, and it would be deserved.  Would've probably had the WW title shot if Usman beat Leon the first time.
Because UFC aint a meritocracy.
Nasty line by you
The check hook on that will be so disgusting that I'm gonna hate enjoying it as a fan of both
I don't think it was just Izzy's range that gave Rob problems, it's also the speed and upper body shifting with strikes coming from unexpected angles . Poatan isn't as shifty nor as fast but still deadly. I think it'll be closer than folks may expect and in Rob's favor. Rob has the speed and explosiveness. He can just as easily counter with his lunge and catch Poatan. It'll be a hell of a fight.
Alex has good control of range against Izzy, int hat he can keep the fight pretty close in and he cuts off Izzy's escapes, but Whittaker fights an extremely different fight than Izzy.  He likes to jump in and out, he doesn't fight going backwards as much and he doesn't find himself circling off the cage nearly as much as Izzy.  Izzy's problem with Alex is that he was just getting walked down, and while he was giving Alex an extremely hard time for basically the entire fight, at some point he tires out and gets caught, and Alex can keep his power going until the fifth.  If Whittaker can pressure Alex and stop the same from happening to him I think he might be able to control the distance better.  Perieria doesn't really fight long, he throws lots of short hooks for a tall lanky dude, I don't think his style is as poisonous a match up for Whittaker as Izzy was for Whittaker
Rob isn’t khamzat he can’t just shoot in whenever, if he gets reckless and enters wrong Alex will hurt him. I don’t think it’s as simple as you are saying.
Not all takedowns target the legs haha
Did you read something wrong? I never said his tdd was on the same level.
Rob basically got KO'd by pillow hands Adesanya. Alex touches Rob and its night night.  Subreddit drastically over-rates Whittaker, wrestling cool and all until you catch a left overhand from alex lol
Whitaker would be the best wrestler he's fought so far, you need to remember that he was mostly protected from grapplers on the way up and massively benefitted from Izzy clearing the division. While Whitaker isn't primarily a grappler Alex looked outright lost on the ground against Izzy who's much less of a threat in that area. As for the length, the guys he's struggled with in that regard fight on the backfoot where Alex will come to him, and with that upright stance he's begging to get taken down. Poatan can absolutely get the ko victory, that's what he does, but to favor him isn't a good bet in my opinion.
He humbled Vettori and I never thought that would happen coz Vettori never accepted he lost in both Izzy fights
yah, that guy acting like Jan won’t wrestlefuck Whittaker too lmao
Sure, Jan is just also not very good on top, and Adesanya wasn't as much "trying to do tons of smart stuff on bottom and getting bigged" as much as he just seemed to run out of ideas. Vettori 2 way more concerning in terms of both his TDD in the open and how often he got put on the fence by a guy who's kinda middling at pressure (although Vettori not being all that great a cagewrestler meant it didn't matter as much as it could've)
i hate this cope from izzy fans.  It was his decision to weigh whatever he weighed, just like it would be any fighter's decision to train a certain way or not, he lost to Jan, get over it
>You can't forever ignore results just because of what-ifs.  Au contraire, being swayed by every H2H in a low-margin, high complexity sport is dumb. Singular results are a sample of a matchup, not a full population - it's just that MMA doesn't really allow for something like the chess ELO system, because the number of trials is inherently limited by the nature of a violent and physical sport. Determining who's better isn't just on seeing who wins, it's pretty clearly the territory of thought experiments just because there's so much less information than we need  Like, Magnus Carlsen has lost chess games fair and square, more than once - he literally mouseslipped into a loss to #5 Hikaru Nakamura *today*. He lost two in a row back in January, one to #17 Abdusattorov. I believe before their World Championship match, he had an outright losing classical record against Ian Nepo. It's just that no one considered Hikaru or Nepo better because there's a shitton of information suggesting otherwise - but in MMA, you don't get those trials, you just sometimes get those atypical results on margins or styles without the context against the field (in the case of weird style matchups) or that same person (in the case of flukes) to judge rationally  >he wouldn't have lapped the same division Whittaker fights on.  Maybe if 185 weren't horribly weak. It's a division with two clear elite fighters, where one is a nightmare for the other - a division like LW has dynamics like MJ>Poirier>Gaethje>MJ or whatever, but if it only had MJ and Poirier, our conclusions would be faulty for obvious reasons  A sport where everyone could fight everyone, with enough trials to be instructive, might actually be as simple as "whoever wins the most is the best". In the real world, there are a lot of factors that position less good fighters to succeed over better ones  >Whittaker has everything he should theoretically need to beat Adesanya and be his worst matchup.   Not particularly. Whittaker's a great wrestler but mostly defensively, offensive wrestling and setting takedowns up and having a top game are all distinct skillsets. The kind of fight where Whittaker's elite is a kind of fight that Adesanya never allows - not because he's so good that he actively takes it away, but because he's huge and lanky and better at one specific range that makes those advantages matter a lot more. And even considering that, Whittaker took Izzy to a super competitive fight in the rematch - which is a huge credit to him. Have to look at things more granularly than just "he is good at striking, therefore he has the sauce to beat every other good striker if he were actually as good"  There's a clear limit to how much fighters can change about their styles, basically. Hand Izzy a matchup as poor for him as Adesanya is for Whittaker - someone like prime dos Anjos - and I don't think Izzy does much better than Whittaker did, in fact I think he consistently does worse than Whittaker did in the rematch. And in good divisions, sound pressure wrestlers are *more* common than lanky anti-blitz kickers. It's just the misfortune of Whittaker that his division has that dude, and the fortune of Adesanya that his doesn't
Yeah, counterpunching is also the perfect example because of how clearly the matchup skews how much it matters  Like Whittaker's a better counterpuncher than Izzy, but when is Whittaker *ever* gonna get to counterpunch Izzy? Izzy never has to enter Whittaker's range since he's so much longer and specializes in longer-range tools. On the other hand, Whittaker is forced to run face-first into counters against Adesanya to score at all, because he can't sit back and counter but he's also not naturally a patient pressure fighter. So the first fight looks like Adesanya is a godly counterpuncher and Whittaker barely knows how to do anything, when one gets every favor and the other every handicap from just the natural way they match up, better and worse be damned  And it happens throughout that matchup, it's the definition of "styles make fights". People just always apply it looking forward to give fights suspense, but don't apply it looking back because every winner has to be clearly better
How is Whittaker fundamentally better at counter punching lol. Let's hear it  And crickets
This guy did a pretty good breakdown on why Whittaker may have won the fight: https://youtu.be/epviPw_EwCY  But even ignoring that you can’t tell me that it wasn’t a really really close fight
I get what you’re saying but none of those size disparities are as present as when Izzy fights Rob. I’m not even disagreeing with you. I’m just saying that the reach advantage is one of Izzy’s best traits and that’s not something you can teach. Izzy struggles against fighters when he loses that advantage.
Rob (right now) is as good as GSP in his prime. If not better. He just had tough luck with Adesanya. You'll see
Put a 185lb sized Usman into the division and Adesanya looks worse while Whittaker looks better.   That's what he means.
I mean, I would agree with you, except as I said, Pereira lost a large amount of his kickboxing fights on the card before winning by ko. You can think I'm lying, but I promise you, I'm not. Just watch them. He literally got the LHW belt by robbery, lol.   And I wouldn't say he undisputedly won the leg kicking. If you actually watch the fights, Izzy built a lot of successful feints off of low kicks once he realized he couldn't directly leg kick Pereira. And not only that, leg kicking is only one facet of kickboxing. Being good at checking kicks doesn't inherently make you a better striker, lol.   And as far as the outsriking goes, I wouldn't use that as a great metric because despite "outstriking" Izzy, Pereira was the one that got rocked in R1. Because Izzy is a striker that (throughout his last several fights) has turned into a quality over quantity counter puncher. How can you act like outstripping Izzy is anything unique when the whole thing mma fans have been complaining about is Izzy being too timid.   Of course Pereira threw and landed more. He's a pressure fighter. That's his style, lol. The fact is, Izzy has more weapons that he's more skilled with, and he's more comfortable in more ranges than Alex is. Which is literally the definition of being more skilled.
Hard to find an exact comp between sports but I’d equate Pereira to a George Foreman. Ultimate intimidator with the touch of death (although more technical with his strikes), appears immobile at times with an unorthodox defense that is much more efficient than it seems, high fight IQ, great ability to rally.  His power is certainly what brings him to the dance but he knows the ins and outs of the game as well. Kickboxing wise at least
Oh for sure I'm not saying Pereira is an idiot (he's still a Glory champion even if he shouldn't have gotten the LHW belt since he robbed Vahkitov, but that's a whole other story).   But it's weird that mma fans aren't willing to say Izzy is more skilled when, by all definitions, he is. He has more weapons than Pereira, is more accurate/skilled with them, has more variety, and is comfortable in more ranges. By definition, he is more skilled.   The problem is that in the real world, it takes more than skill to win fights (duh). It's about leveraging what you have more effectively than your opponent. On top of that, the kind of power Pereira has gives you a metaphorical golden snitch that you can generally rely on to give you a pass if you're losing on the cards. Pereira literally made a career out of it.   Also, Izzy's gameplan in the first mma fight was kinda...odd from a striking standpoint. He banked on his counterpunching when that isn't even his best position fighting wise.
💀
he’s pretty cringe brah
Yeah, but at the same time if it ended 30 seconds sooner Pereira would've won the round.
I'm stats guy so I'm thinking like if they fought 10,000 simulated rounds, how many would each win, and how many other guys would Izzy beat in the division (other than Alex) vs how many guys would Alex  beat
If he wasn’t dropped and he’s not getting beat up the whole round it’s not a 10-8
He’s both - he was born and raised in Nigeria, and had his formative years in NZ. He speaks with a (now slight) kiwi accent - where would you say he’s from? Maybe this strikes home for me as it’s relevant lol, people always tossing shade for being half something and not being “true” either
You can be both dawg
The only African fighters in the UFC are Mike Perry and Dricus Du Plessis
No, not history of these fighters, histories of fights after this kind of loss.
The down side is that your credibility takes a massive hit after that.  Izzy was seen as a really dominant champion that was in the division to maybe challenge Anderson's legacy in the long run, if Alex loses the belt and Izzy never faces him again, he'll always have that dark spot on his resume.  Avenge your loss and you might reach GOAT status eventually if you dominate for a couple more years.
Holy shit, no one is pretending the knockout didnt happen.
What’s your point? There’s no argument Perreira won R1 when they landed the same amount of strikes but Izzy hurt Alex. Perreira won a close R2. Izzy outlanded and out grappled Alex in R3 and R4. They each had 1 takedown; Alex wasn’t more successful but Izzy had more control time. There’s no argument Izzy wasn’t up 3-1 going into the 5th. The judges supporting that isn’t a negative either
He said "judges had Izzy up" and since the judges score is all that matters, Izzy was winning the fight till round 5.
Your wording made it seem like Izzy wasn't actually winning the fight, and was only up on the cards because judges (and commentary team) favor the champ.  The truth is, if the fight went to a decision, it was a very clear win for Izzy without any debate, even if Pereira took that last round.
Never thought I would see a boulder punch reference here. Beautiful, Champ
Watch Chris go after Poatan to see if he can help extend the Redfield bloodline...
Ankalaev rubbing his hands
PPV points makes this make zero sense entirely
and then if Rob wins, they'll still have the same dilemma
I think they got overconfident in Izzy and wanted to create an exciting match up for him after he delivered a few stinkers.
Yeah lol I edited my comment at the same time.
I agree with your point, but your example could be better. Islam I think genuinely would fight anybody, but nobody wanted to fight him if they could avoid it. That's why the prospect of him being champion is great, because now they'll have to fight him.  I think a better and recent example is Volk leapfrogging LW division to get a shot. Not unjustifiable but when the ufc wants to push something they will
Fair points
Very tall task to beat Robert whittaker
I need a 1v1v1 cage match with these three
I think where Alex loses in creativity to Isreal he would make up for it in his ability to mix up his threats in the pocket. He has great timing for catching someone on the way in and knows when he needs to change up the placement or timing to land the right strike, throw a body jab or feint before to get you to eat the left hook or just back away to make you think you're safer than you are and I feel like that's just gonna be nuclear against Rob. Also I don't think Alex is as slow as people make him out to be, he's similar to Yoel where he just kinda stands in front of you lulling you in but when the strikes come they are fast and when he actually chooses to use his feet and posts it's hard to touch him. I like Rob, even have a hoodie from him, but I just do not like his chances against Alex he's just too big, strong and sharp for Rob in my opinion.
I’m really not seeing Rob being capable of blitzing a guy who’s a kickboxing champ with equal skill to Izzy and twice the power. Striking wise it’s a very difficult fight for Rob, grappling and securing takedowns is the clear way to victory for him.
Izzy likes to fight in open space, Alex is the reason he was against the cage getting his escape cut off, also you should watch the Bruno Silva fight or quite a few of his kickboxing fights as Alex does some of his best work on the counter against pressure. Alex is a very adaptive striker, he can either pressure him at longer range until Rob blitzes and clip him with a short hook on the way in like Silva or he just walks him to the cage and beats him up like he did Izzy or many others in kickboxing, I love Rob and am a huge fan and for that reason I do not want to see him get a CTE speed run against Alex.
Pereira has horrible grappling. Taking him down is an easy task. Obviously you can't run at him chin first but he's dangerous in the same way James Tony was dangerous for Randy Couture.
Twitter tier take
>pillow hands Adesanya  Fucking hell man I thought this got debunked after he smoked Costa, Whittaker, butchered gastelum and almost knocked pereira the fuck out in multiple fights
Izzy doesn’t have pillow hands loll
pillow hands Adesanya?
We’ll just have to wait and see boiiii
Not to be a Whittaker fanboy, but that would actually surprise me a little. He was stuffing and scrambling out of takedowns from prime Yoel Romero with a blown out knee. I genuinely don’t know if Jan would be able to hold him down like he did Izzy.
He wouldn't. Jan is not some crazy good wrestler like Romero
Lot of ifs for an ex champ with 5 defenses
How is it a cope when the merit is that Jan was able to take him down and lay there? Size helps there a lot.
weight classes exist for a reason
>\- it's just that MMA doesn't really allow for something like the chess ELO system, because the number of trials is inherently limited by the nature of a violent and physical sport.  If you think that the fighter that would rank higher on an ELO system in a world where damage is instantly reversed and healed at the end of the fight is the better fighter, then that's *your* weirdly specific chess/video-game influenced criteria.
Great series of posts, but I especially like this chess comparison. MMA fans' attitude about "if you won, you were the better fighter" just seems like a way of coping with the dissonance of tiny sample sizes and their unreliability.   Caruana, who to be fair is the #2 player of the Carlsen era, would be the GOAT, easily, if the twelve games of the 2014 Sinquefield cup were a major slice of his prime like they would be for a fighter. Also Morphy would still be the GOAT if chess followers were like MMA fans because no one would adjust for strength of competition at all and Morphy's wins are like 360 flying armbars.    In MMA, the sample size of results is highly limited, but what is more predictive and has a more reasonable (still limited, but not pathetic) sample size is actually watching the fights and drawing inferences from fight dynamics. But good luck finding many people who are willing to do that instead of just "lol he won so he's better."    Scrolled down and it seems like another commenter is saying "don't you see you're saying, 'ignoring results and resume, Whittaker is better'" like it's some gotcha, but seemingly not realizing that they have an obvious void in understanding what is going on in the fights.
You do understand that you are, in the same breath, saying you can't take head-to-head matchups into account, while discrediting the opponents they both fought, right? I mean, the simple fact you are claiming the division has only two elite fighters while a third one is the current champion with a 3-0 record against one of them in different sports should be enough to show how delusional you are being. You are essentially claiming nothing real matters, only your subjective view on Whittaker's skill, which is an insanely deranged argument lmao  Prime Dos Anjos gets knocked out by Adesanya, and I say this as an RDA fan lol He never had the tools to deal with a fighter like Adesanya.  \>not because he's so good that he actively takes it away, but because he's huge and lanky and better at one specific range that makes those advantages matter a lot more  He literally takes it away, but not because he's good, apparently you think he just takes it away because he was blessed by god lmao
This chess analogy was a very good take bro.
Whittaker should have won and Whittaker might have won are two different things man. It was an incredibly close fight, I'm not saying it wasn't. But you don't get KO'd and then lose a close decision afterwards by being a better fighter than your opponent.
I don't disagree with what you are saying, my point is that it doesn't discredit Adesanya nor does it add any credence to the argument of who's the better ''overall fighter''.   There's no denying that Whittaker is the more well-rounded fighter. However, styles make matchups, sometimes being a specialist is better than being an all-rounder.  It doesn't mean the all-rounder is the better fighter, especially when he loses to the specialist.
Whittaker fans are completely delusional.
This is the most random baseless assumption lmao. Let's put 205 Brock Lesnar in there too. Like wtf
I see what you’re saying 🫡
> But it's weird that mma fans aren't willing to say Izzy is more skilled when, by all definitions, he is.  There is way different definitions of what skilled means. Lots of people see skilled as ''better''. If you change the word to more technical I think more people would agree with you.
To you.
Both are true, and that's what makes it such an exciting matchup. Either could finish the other and nobody would be surprised. Either could take the decision and nobody would be surprised. It's an absolute toss-up and the stakes are insane.
You think if he survived he would have kept the round close? Lmao it would have been a very easy and clear 10-8
To me it really does not matter where he's from or what he's claiming. But I do find it funny that he was claiming Nigeria hard when Usman and Francis where also Champions.  What ever makes him feel good is enough for me.
Sure, I see no problems in that.
I really don't care where fighters come from. It's great that fighters from all over the world are competing otherwise a Champion could not be called a World-Champion.
Yea but Alex said ego will be Izzy’s down fall and with everything you said, it’s probably true.  I think izzy has the exact mentality you describe
My bad, I didn't want to come off as aggressive, I'm just saying that due to how close these rounds were, saying "what if it had gone to a decision" is as much of a bend as "what if Izzy hadn't stole the first round on the final seconds".  There are a lot of tiny moments that made that fight to swing in the direction of Izzy, until it didn't, so my point is that looking at the scorecards doesn't tell the whole story of their match up.
No, your reading comprehension is poor. He is telling you his opinion in one sentence and the judges' in another. He doesn't personally think Izzy was up but acknowledges the judges thought so
My boy Leon is too much of a simp for asian women to tap that Redfield ass
He goofed hard his last fight and made the tomato mad that guy is fuuuuuked
rubbing his hands right into Bellator after that last speech lmao
I wasn't a fan of him as it is but he really put the nail in the coffin for me after his behaviour post Jan fight. Like who the fuck did this inbred looking Amish think he was? Very close fight and if anything Jan definitely won it based on how fights are no longer scored as "control" heavy as they were. So that ugly twat can do the bird man hand rub all he wants, I believe ufc will shoehorn poatan straight to hill via another reasonable match up if he jumps up anyway, they're not stupid.
Ankalaev isnt Really a Wrestler like the majority of Dagestanis
I might be wrong, but I have a 99% belief that Rob doesn't get manhandled by Khamzat. Dude wrestled with Yoel Romero when Romero was scary.  And on the feet Khamzat gets smoked.
Well that's exactly what they did
Fully agree, that's why Khamzat would 100% deserve the title shot if he did manage to beat him.
Hell yeah, this is exactly why UFC and WWE are in bed!
Alex can absolutely catch Rob. I don't mean Alex is slow, he has deceptive speed with his punches, and that left hook wow, but he's not overall fast if you know what I mean. I do think Rob hits harder than Alex will expect. I'm not dismissing Izzy's strength, but Rob hurts people. I hope this fight happens, it has all the makings of a great fight.
If it’s an easy task Bruno, Sean, or Izzy would have done it every round. I know it looks easy on tv but it’s not that simple.
Worse. An r/UFC take
Twitter tier takes are the ones you see here trying to pretend like Alex and Adensanya aren’t leagues above Whittaker
You know, those pillows that almost lulled his hero Alex to sleep R1.  Dude has never heard of timing as a substitute for raw power.
sure Jan is not an olympic wrestler, but if Whattaker fights Jan like Izzy did, meaning not taking the time to properly bulk up to light heavyweight and basically just not cut weight, the weight gap between them will surely be more than Jan and Izzy’s. slight skills advantage can only get you so far when your opponent outweighs by 20lbs
Yoel has never been that good at wrestling in MMA, even without including the Rob fights his takedown completion rate is like 35%, not to mention him rarely using it.
It's middleweight, a division that historically has like 4 great fighters at most at any given time. Title defenses are cool but need a lot of context   Izzy's obviously elite by the standard of all MMA, but someone like Whittaker wouldn't be below top-3 at a great division either IMO, where Adesanya probably gets gatekept by a top player or clever transitional threat a good bit earlier than that
I guess that's fair, but my justification would be that chess is one of the few games that really and truly approximates a situation of complete information, while also having considerations like MMA of really low margins and really high complexity. Tons of games, tons of rematches, an absolutely massive field of competitors, meritocratic matchmaking, and a numerical value indicative of skill gets spit out as a result - and a bunch of weird considerations to MMA exist, where lower ranked guys get wins over higher ranked ones all the time (by our standards) just because they play against each other enough   I don't think it's controversial to say that "best" is meant to come from a position with as much information as possible - where, in a universe where everyone fought everyone and random entropy didn't exist, who'd be on top. That's why it's the comparison being made; in a universe where MMA could somehow have perfect information, individual H2H results wouldn't be nearly as meaningful
Yeah, it's kinda funny how much the "chess match" rhetoric comes into MMA (it is complicated! And brainy!) while ignoring the real similarities in the way you have to look at individual results. The best randomly blunder too, they have bad matchups, and losing to a totally unique madman like Richard Rapport isn't a death knell to beating guys above him the way MMA fans would treat it.   To be honest, it's not even limited to results - it's also a structural thing. A guy like Anish Giri - an extremely solid and sturdy elite, super high on all-time ELO, but also defensive and drawish tendencies - just wouldn't be invited to top tournaments if it were like MMA, given the matchmaking of guys like Raphael Assuncao. Pretty much every part of MMA is designed to lead to imperfect information, people just pretend it's perfect  It's a situation where as imperfectly as someone can model the vast amount of missing information in MMA (with inference and analysis), it's a lot better than pretending the existing information is all that's necessary for strong conclusions. A fight like Aldo/McGregor basically did not occur at all for the purposes of any real look at the matchup, but the MMA public will always run with it
There's not much of a point in even arguing these random hypotheticals that only serve to say 'fighter I'm a fan of is better than another fighter who beat him twice'. We actually have no idea how they'd do against other fighters or in other weight classes. It's all random assumptions with some adhoc justifications
>while discrediting the opponents they both fought, right  Yeah, obviously I am. Vettori is super middling at everything, I like Cannonier a lot but he's more a collection of fun ideas and tricks than a particularly elite fighter at a good division, and guys like Gastelum are just woefully incomplete (even though Kelvin was kind of a poor matchup in certain ways for Izzy, so that fight being close isn't really a demerit). There's only so much information you can get from an elite guy facing a collection like that, compared to a division like 145 where guys like Kattar and Allen and Emmett all give a hypothetical champion completely different, sound and clever approaches to deal with (even before you hit the super-elites)  >you are claiming the division has only two elite fighters while a third one is the current champion with a 3-0 record  Yeah, Pereira obviously got a softball run through the division because of the Izzy stuff. Strickland's solid by 185 standards, but someone I'd pick to get squished by Derek Brunson a lot of the time is tricky to consider on the same overall tier as Whittaker and Adesanya  >You are essentially claiming nothing real matters, only your subjective view on Whittaker's skill  I mean, sure, if you want to take it that way. The way I'd frame it is that accurately judging skill takes a lot more than looking at the record, because the stuff a fighter does in their fights is a lot more relevant than just counting mutual wins and losses  >Prime Dos Anjos gets knocked out by Adesanya  not sure I can trust Izzy not to get totally worked by an elite top player who can soundly pressure him to the fence, when Vettori managed to get him there a bunch while being just the absolute worst example of the Kings style. I'd probably take peak RDA over Whittaker more often than not too, for whatever that's worth - but Whittaker would probably make it a lot harder for RDA to just pressure patiently and take him down on the cage   >apparently you think he just takes it away because he was blessed by god lmao  Physical dimensions change the stuff that happens in a fight. I am very sorry if I'm the first one to let you know, but there it is   Adesanya obviously has to be very good to beat Whittaker, because as Darren Till showed, even being a tricky matchup for Whittaker isn't enough to outright beat him. But it does reduce the burden a *lot* when all the stuff Whittaker does at an elite level is just constitutionally impossible - not because of how well you do your style, but because of what your style is at a base level. One thing if it's like a Kattar/Chikadze or Johnson/Barboza where he changes the kind of fighter he is - adaptability is a *massive* edge - but less convincing when Whittaker's style inherently loses a lot of steam just because Izzy fights like Izzy
Well, yeah probably shouldn’t have said outright better. But I feel that they’re on the same level and whoever wins in their third should solidify in my mind who is better. Right now, I’m unsure tbh
Haha, good. I hope I'm not being too confusing or rude.   Like I said, as is, Pereira is clearly the BETTER striker (he wins more against Izzy, lol, that's kinda all that matters).   I'm just trying to show that there can be a big disparity between better and more skilled. And I will admit I do undervalue Pereira (just a little bit) sometimes since he got the LHW belt by robbing one of my favorite kickboxers, Vakhitov, lol.
correct, that is my opinion of him…
Considering his post-fight interview after the Tavares fight was partly in Yoruba, I'd have to say you're incredibly wrong.
Yeah I agree, it might be his downfall, but it's also the correct move imo  Izzy has already achieved everything there is to achieve in the division, the only thing he has left is to compete with Anderson's legacy. If he avoids the Poatan rematch then that becomes pretty much impossible.
I understand perfectly. Thing is, I dont care about his opinion. The judges (who are the only ones that matter) had Izzy up. Meaning my original post, that Izzy was winning till round 5, is correct.  Glad we got that cleared up.
Brather needs to learn Irish to get another title shot
Everyone is acting like he should have destroyed his opponent. He was fighting Jan Blachowicz, that guy is not an easy opponent for anyone. Ankalaev also pushed through a compromised leg; I don't ever remember anybody recovering from that in a fight.  What really did him in though, was his post fight interview. The translator did him no favors translating what he said word for word.
Kinda feel for him, arguably should be current champ but I dont see him getting a new shot in near future at all
Romero has never been the dominant mma-grappler that Khamzat is.
Good point
Downgraded to youtube tier take.
Sure. But Whittaker won't be as wrestlefucked as Izzy was.
>I don't think it's controversial to say that "best" is meant to come from a position with as much information as possible - where, in a universe where everyone fought everyone and random entropy didn't exist, who'd be on top  It should be completely controversial. If you remove factors like damage, age, picking your ideal weight class, relying on a move that may work once but never ever work again, then you are not assessing who is the best fighter. You are assessing who has the greatest potential for skill in a simulation.  The comparisons to chess are great when we're trying to convince an educated audience that the existence of strategy justifies viewing violence for entertainment.  The whole entire point of chess is to encapsulate the tactics of war while removing physical consequences.  The whole entire point of MMA is to encapsulate the physical consequences of war while removing the tactics (unless there were some epic 1v1 wars in history that I forgot to study).  &#x200B;  (actually I'm not so sure about the last two statements but they sounded cooler at the time....but my main point is in those first 2)
This is kind of tangential but what do you think a reasonable top-15 p4p is right now?   I tried to do an ordered one a few weeks back, but came away with a few conclusions:   - We're currently in a sort of doldrums where a lot of the best guys are aging out (e.g. Usman) or fighting with suboptimal approaches for their skillset (e.g. Adesanya's last few, or also Usman, or whatever is going on with Yan), further accentuated by the UFC's increasingly awful divisional management practices, which means fewer prospects to replace them.   - Gap between 1 and 4 is maybe similar to 4 and 30, so besides the top few, order does not really matter. (People sometimes read and argue about lists in a way that 3 spots would indicate the same gap whether it's 2 to 5 or 22 to 25, which obviously does not make any sense.)  I ended up having Whittaker #5, which sounds high but I mostly just think the order is functionally a crapshoot below the Volk/Max/Islam tier.
Dude, you really can't see that you are literally saying ''well, ignoring their physical abilities(actually not ignoring, let's use it to dismiss Adesanya), their resume \*and\* the actual results of their fights, whittaker is clearly the better fighter"?  Jesus christ bro
There is a very clear distinction between having won a fight according to the judges and having actually won it fairly. That's why we all realise that whilst shogun lost his first fight to machida, he didn't really lose it...for some reason this is a nuance beyond you so we will have to leave this here for others to decide.
Haha! Easier said than done. Barely any Irish people even speak Irish.
Not destroyed, he could’ve done more.
Romero ragdolled ranked fighters and #1 contenders when he felt like it, and got a silver medal in the Olympics. Khamzat ragdolled the leech and Kevin Holland as his best wins, they are not the same calibre.  Prime khamzat vs prime romero? Khamzat dies.
>If you remove factors like damage, age, picking your ideal weight class, relying on a move that may work once but never ever work again  I think these are factors that muddy who's the "best" fighter, not things that would be part of that determination if it were possible to excise. Like, a guy who shows up looking old or shopworn getting his ass beat in a fight he'd otherwise probably win is not a situation where I, personally, am going "well, he should've just been good enough not to be old". Maybe it's a personal line people draw, but I think stuff like "how good are you at cutting weight", "do you know when you should retire", and "does the UFC like you enough to matchmake properly" are things that are unfortunate components of the reality of fighting without being part of the core skill determination  >You are assessing who has the greatest potential for skill in a simulation.  I mean, yeah, that's a fair way to put it. It's just that a simulation is the only place where those extra variables don't exist to ruin stuff for the fighters who are most well-constructed. That's why chess works as an analogy IMO - it's a head-to-head game with a lot of fairly similar considerations (weird interactions between different tactics and strategies, insanely low margins for error) but where it *really does* run like a simulation because of the number of possible trials, where MMA caps the amount of info at "almost nothing"
Yeah, PFP is a bit odd and rough right now. I think in general, a lot of PFP is just gonna be a list of top BWs/FWs/LWs, where the mistake people tend to make is, like, listing all the champs and then listing everyone else - but it's still tough to rank when (IMO) BW and FW are getting a lot less interesting because of those doldrums you mentioned. Guys like Kattar and Font (who I'd consider as like top 3-5 guys on skill in those divisions at their best) are probably on their way out, where guys like Rodriguez or O'Malley (who feel a lot more tenuous) are sorta highrolling matchups and results, so I don't feel so certain  A lot easier to do in tiers. IMO it's Volk #1 without a close second, and then any order of Sterling/Edwards/Makhachev but I'd probably go with that order. Guys like Holloway/Whittaker/Usman in the 5-10, Dvalishvili probably approaches that just on being a ridiculous physical beast, feel like Sandhagen is secretly getting there (although that's another eye-test versatility judgement). Winner of Oliveira/Dariush somewhere up there, suspect it's Dariush which is kinda wild - Poirier also somewhere there. I dunno, it's weird and I can't order them all
Not really ignoring them (resume not really a relative + for Izzy outside of the Whittaker H2Hs anyway), more that "better" is an inherently qualitative judgement that goes well beyond all of those things - particularly with such a clear stylistic dynamic between the two of them. Whittaker's not of another tier to Adesanya, but clearly being way more versatile (while also not even really being a much worse striker than Izzy, just in different areas like the pocket) probably matters a lot more in a division that's not trash-tier  Pretty much any striking matchup Izzy wins, I'd expect Whittaker to do fine in - and vice versa. There are exceptions, but about the same number on both sides - where, like, Izzy's issues with southpaws don't exist for Whittaker, but Whittaker can't really do long kickyboy fights without it becoming a bit of a mess. Whereas a division like 170 historically has a bunch of wrestly guys who'd probably crush Adesanya without much trouble and just run into a style wall with Whittaker - ignoring that kind of dynamic is dumb, because it inadvertently factors in the state of the rest of the division into "who's better between these two guys"
The mental gymnastics people perform to not admit adensaya is just a better fighter than Whittaker with a better resume lmao
Your woife is in me DMs
Who did Romero ragdoll? The only person I remember him really using his grappling against is Machida.
Romero never rag-dolled ranked fighters with his wrestling.
>Maybe it's a personal line people draw, but I think stuff like "how good are you at cutting weight", "do you know when you should retire", and "does the UFC like you enough to matchmake properly" are things that are unfortunate components of the reality of fighting without being part of the core skill determination  Some people view Fischer random as a version of chess that has added randomization as a way to negate some of the "unfortunate components" of chess.  Is fischer random the same as chess? How different are they?  Is the chess player that relies on talent superior to the player that defeats him because the winner had a greater grasp of openings and a more vivid mental textbook/memory? What if the loser was the best Fischer random player in the world and the winner was #5? Who's better at chess?  &#x200B;  ( Let's say they played several matches in a row, with no studying in-between )
The mental gymnastics you are performing is hilarious. Guy who lost twice is a better fighter because I write five paragraphs saying so.  > Whereas a division like 170 historically has a bunch of wrestly guys who'd probably crush Adesanya without much trouble  This doesn't make much sense considering Izzy has elite tdd. Even Whittaker himself admits Izzy has really good tdd and is very hard to takedown. If izzy was such a liability when it comes to wrestling, Whittaker would invest far more into that.
All legitimate criticism. I love what ONE is putting out but there is no doubt in my mind that the management behind ONE is a clown show. Which is just standard fight promoter stuff tbf.
I know it's a common fact that people on here don't read the articles, but the main gist of his criticism is this;  >Holzken also revealed that he was asked to participate in the Openweight Grand Prix, however, he refused after hearing his paycheck would have been 75 percent lower than disclosed in his current contract. Two weeks after refusing to participate, the promotion called off his scheduled fight against former title challenger Arian Sadiković, which was supposed to take place on March 25 at ONE Fight Night 8. For Holzken's team, it's still a big question why ONE called off the fight. According to Holzken, ONE gave different reasons for the cancellation in email exchanges with his management, but none of them made sense to them: "It had something to do with the events in America, with anti-doping drug testing. But what does that have to do with my fight? They didn't give us an answer."  Also I feel that ONE has given up on signing KB talent and is just waiting for their KB roster to have their contracts run out
TIL there is a Dutch kickboxing show hosted by Remy Bonjasky
They roster management is terrible, they don’t care about giving fighters fights, I wish more people will come up about it publicly. Only 5% of the rosters gets paid and kept busy
I love one but they need to call their Muay Thai Kick boxing because they don’t allow clinch work.
ONE should just focus on MMA and Muay Thai
Nieky can still have some fun fights, but he is past his prime, I would have liked to see him in more Boxing matches. He had a decent showing his last boxing fight against a legit opponent
When was the last mixed rules fight? When is the next one? Pretty sure the last one was dj vs Rodtang and they haven’t scheduled another. Tho they did try to book another with stamp vs meksen but it fell apart. Can’t say anything about the signings cause I have no idea how many new guys have been signed
I love what one is doing
The mixed rules fights are funky but I love a lot of the stuff ONE is doing to help bring all combat sports together in one place with fun rulesets. 4oz glove muay thai is amazing, and the submission grappling is pretty cool too. It's really fun having them all on the same cards too for variety, makes for very entertaining viewing.
I love the diversity. The mixed rule fight with Dj was awesome.
Well ONE doesn't sell themselves as a traditional company
I don't know man that's one thing I love about it. Some of the bjj has been kinds boring but it's also not my sport. Either way I like the diversity. I'm sure there are real problems like the lack of fight matchups but hopefully that gets better over time.
The audacity to talk about it being a freak show after his last win is over a 44 year old John Wayne Parr. Perhaps he should not speak.
1) Nothing wrong with Signing new talent or giving fighters a chance to try and build up it's stable of fighters...2) The mixed rules fights do not happen often...everything else that he mentions is somewhat understandable...but ultimately I just hope that ONE FC can continue to grow and develop so that it can reach a more stable position in the west...
This sub is absolutely *obsessed* with ONE. Lol. It’s genuinely not that great, at all, and it’s crazy how defensive people get of the promotion in threads with criticism like this article.  Like…I know this isn’t the reason but I literally can’t understand why else Reddit would obsess over ONE… is it some weeb thing about it being a Japanese promotion? If so that’s fine, it at least makes sense. But there’s no way you guys *actually* love it because it’s *better*, right?  Edit: I was thinking of Rizin based in Japan, but the point still stands about it being a weeb thing because being based out of Singapore doesn’t detract from that lol
Let ONE do it's thing.
But r mma loves one…
ONE is a money laundering scheme like all of Boxing in 2023. It is what it is, so was PFL until ESPN decides to lose millions on it for run and pretend Ray Sefo does anything when he holds pads for half of UFC roster.
As the sport grows, signings will happen more frequently. That’s obvious. I also like mixed rules fights. It allows for fun matchups we couldn’t get otherwise. I’d rather fighters agree on a rule set and fight than not even have the option and never fight.
What a dumbass.
The regular sport matchmaking feels like it's been sound as far as who's fighting. Problem is they keep trying to make eye catching fights that fall out and don't quite have a structure that you can follow in the same way as traditional organizations. They're trying to bring in way more Muay Thai and international fighters than just cranking out a regular schedule. At his age it's either go back to Glory or get with the program and get in the thick or the KB and MT matchmaking, maybe go to Japan. Big brand kickboxing like K1 and old Glory is a thing of the past.
More new faces is good, let them in and prove themselvesm if fail cut them
I don't see an issue with the mixed rules stuff, they are getting slotted in between real fights and dont seem to be slowing down scheduling.  One has a serious problem with not getting their actual fighters fights and creating a division with rankings. They'd rather have a few of their top fighters repeatedly squash some one-and-done jobber than give them a fight with their contract fighters.  For instance Rodtang is defending his belt against some dude we'll never see again rather than fighting someone that actually fights at One. You can't take their divisions seriously.
I love the freak show. Pride never die. This is prize fighting.
Chatri seems to be a petty cunt. Herbert burns talked about how they shelved him because he left evolve mma. https://www.mmafighting.com/platform/amp/2018/12/20/18148370/titan-fc-herbert-burns-opens-up-weird-relationship-one-championship
Promoters are not good guys. Necessary?  Yes. I stopped following John Wayne Parr after he started cucking for promoters over proper fighter pay.
Yeah unfortunately it looks like KB is moving a little slow. Nothing really happening with Allazov or superbon or Akimoto or Petchtanong and the other divisions are very dry in terms of top contenders
I get roasted any time I say it but I don’t see how it’s realistic long term for ONE to have KB, MT, BJJ, and MMA.
They've fucked up by having too many disciplines and weight classes but not enough shows in a year. The prime deal is only one card a month so 12 main cards in a year, how are they going to fit all their muay Thai, kB, MMA, grappling roster onto 12 cards is stupid.   They need to bring back the Asian timezone numbered cards.
Yeah for sure, it would be one thing if it was a five second rule but they break that shit up instantly lol
I'm not the biggest grappling fan, but the grappling matches they have are also pretty entertaining.
He got utterly dominated by Callum Smith who wasn't even trying. Outstruck two to one and lost almost every round handily   Nieky was tough and always looking to win, but that's literally the only positive.  If Nieky was actually a better boxer I honestly think Callum would have finished him, he was way more worried about being potentially embarrassed by a kickboxer in a fluke KO than be was anything else.  I actually like to use that fight as an informative "levels to this" moment. Nieky is a super talented kickboxer and has ferocious striking in MMA generally, and he had nothing for Callum Smith who is a talented but not generally considered a super elite boxer.   Callum would shortly then go on to get utterly bodied by Canelo in a fight that might have even been less competitive than Callum vs Holzkien.
To be fair, those two fights put a bunch of divisions on hold. Meksen having to take a mixed-rules fight instead of fighting for the title is frustrating for everyone involved.
Do you buy ONE's PPVs?
I mean he's 39 years old himself and I fail to see why that means he shouldn't be allowed to criticize the company, he should speak and that kinda perspective is just weird fanboyism of an organization.
The issue is having four different sports, with weight classes in all of them and not enough shows to support the existing roster. So signing new people sounds good, but leaves the remaining roster with no fights.
How can it be a weeb thing if it’s out of Singapore, a completely different Asian country? Open your eyes a bit yank, world’s bigger than the almighty USA
They’re based in Singapore not Japan.
>But there’s no way you guys actually love it because it’s better, right?  ONE puts on far more entertaining fights than the ufc but the ufc is a much bigger deal.   >I was thinking of Rizin based in Japan, but the point still stands about it being a weeb thing because being based out of Singapore  Weeb is a Japanese thing, not a Singapore thing  You should stop assuming all Asian countries are the same and generally start being less ignorant.
I would say there are two camps in this sub. The camp that gleefully posts and dissects the various financial filings that become public and laugh at the ridiculous claims Chatri makes. And the camp that is diehard onboard with everything they are doing.  There's a nice middle ground though. They put on great cards with good production value. They've been available to stream in the states as long as they've been around (free on YouTube live streaming for awhile, then Bleacher Report & TNT, now Amazon Prime), have a lot of fun fighters, do weird shit, and seem to have ambitions. No downside in being a ONE stan.  Also, their belts are fucking dope.
They’re the least transparent about their drug testing and hydration but people here swear they’re 💯 and the ufc (the most transparent) is evil and covering shit up.
The Prime events have been pretty great so far, the different types of fights add some nice variety, and their production value is so over the top that it's fun. I don't give  shit where they're based, I care that they consistently entertain me.
Because the fights are fun?   ONE isn't the best run company, especially over the past year, but it does deliver good entertainment value if you like that.
Money laundering has to be the single most common slight reddit goes for companies they don't understand, can't understand the numbers? It must be money laundering.
Lol if you think the ufc isn't using its brand name to launder money as well you're high.
Nieky definitely isn’t a dumbass. He’s right in what he said, listen to the entire interview instead of a headline only,
He’s a dumbass because he has opinions about the organization he fights in? Nieky is a legend.
It looks like you shared an AMP link. These should load faster, but AMP is controversial because of [concerns over privacy and the Open Web](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot).  Maybe check out **the canonical page** instead: **[https://www.mmafighting.com/2018/12/20/18148370/titan-fc-herbert-burns-opens-up-weird-relationship-one-championship](https://www.mmafighting.com/2018/12/20/18148370/titan-fc-herbert-burns-opens-up-weird-relationship-one-championship)**  *****   ^(I'm a bot | )[^(Why & About)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot)^( | )[^(Summon: u/AmputatorBot)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/cchly3/you_can_now_summon_amputatorbot/)
So he's just asian Dana White?
The evolve brand gyms are shitty tbh. They put all their effort pretending like famous fighters train theere instead of trying to improve the experience.
Glory is on a good roll right now and signing tons of talent, even former ONE fighters like Murat Aygün and Enriko Kehl.  ONE KB is very weak outside of the guys they have signed at 70 kg
If they UFC’s schedule that would actually work
Nobody buys any PPVs around here. Let's be serious
I pay for prime so yes?
It's on Amazon Prime, but if it wasn't, of course not you silly goose
Aren’t they free on Prime?
>Do you buy ~~ONE's~~ PPVs?   No
If you are in Australia, 7plus has the fight nights free. Not sure about the others.
I actually did buy the DJ vs Rodtang ppv. It was $20
It’s weird how guys get praised for speaking out against the UFC but not against other orgs like ONE. I don’t necessarily agree with his criticism because I think the mixed rules fight between DJ and Rodtang was very entertaining, as is the Muay Thai with 4oz gloves imo. But the dude fights in the organization, like you said he’s allowed to criticize it. Plus that fight against JWP was under Muay Thai rules which would favor JWP’s skill set.
Ok
So one needs to stop signing so many DWCS equivalent fighters and do 40 shows a year like the UFC?
I understand that part...that is why I hope that ONE can continue to grow and develop... especially in the west...so that way there are markets to support fights literally worldwide without necessarily sacrificing audience/viewership...so for example hosting  Friday Night Fights in both the East and West during the respective times for upcoming talent showcasing MMA...Muay Thai...Kickboxing...Grappling...then maintain the monthly Fight Nights for the larger names if that makes sense...hopefully more exposure can equate to more revenue to support that...
No one seems to understand starting a business takes years and years to be profitable. Especially building an entire brand on a market dominated by the ufc
Agreed, people don’t even know what money laundering is, it’s hilarious
Boxing is the biggest money laundering thing around in sports lol. PFL/ WSOF was. ONE I’m just assuming is
Definitely seems like that's who he wants to be
just get amazon prime goofball
I always hear of people that make it a point not to buy UFC PPVs to make a statement since they're not paying fighters properly. Didn't know it extended to the other promotions.
We got you!
Yeah, and streamed on YouTube if you're in the UK
I think a lot of people on the sub are currently in their pure love phase with One, they've put on good shows and are generally fun, which also means time to dismiss any criticism because how could their be anything wrong with them.
>It’s weird how guys get praised for speaking out against the UFC but not against other orgs like ONE.  That's just not true
I don't necessarily consider their grappling.... grappling, it is submission grappling which gives an advantage to certain grappling styles
That's US and Canada only
No it's because we're cheap af
Nobody is saying there’s nothing wrong lol, ONE has its flaws, there is no denying that but everything they’re doing is a breath of fresh air.
Seems to be from what I’ve seen. This sub is huge though so I haven’t seen everything
People dunk of ONE anytime they mention their inflated social media numbers & viewership, the WADA deal Chatri made up and their claims of solving weight cutting
I was just naming the different showcases...that is all...submission grappling/grappling whichever is fine...
It’s also 2023 and they’re charging $80 for 5 fights even though most of time you only really want to see 2.
Nah man, people shit on Bellator, for example, all the time. It's often hilarious too, Bellator knows to be a shit show.
I know right
That’s fair, I was more talking about actual fighters within the organization rather than fans.
bellator>one easy
People have an irrational hate of Bellator and have been repeating the same talking points for the last 10 years. If they booked Patrcio vs. Marlon Moraes or Nemkov vs. Thiago Santos like PFL did last week, people would be all out in droves talking about UFC retirement home
I don't watch any of them as much as I watch UFC so I don't know really.
The Canucks are eliminated if they still want to do it in Canada
> The backup plan is to hold it in a major city where the NHL team is eliminated from the playoffs like Vancouver or Montreal.
Pleeeease Vancouver
Vancouver baby pls
Come to Vancouver pls I’m already getting gouged by rent here might as well get gouged by ufc ticket prices too
Flames aren’t gonna be playing hockey June 10th, I promise you that
Ah yes, the NHL flames. Part of the Calgary Hockey League.
Move it to Toronto you cowards, no chance the leafs are still playing then
They need to do more events in Canada in general now. Last ufc in Toronto was 2018
Well I’m hoping it’s in Calgary, probably only way I can go
The best there isn’t, the best there never was, the best there never will be
Toronto can be counted on to be out after the first round
Edmonton?
Chicago
Yeah right. No chance they make it out of the first round.
It's going to be a worse lineup than the average fight night, so who cares
Edmonton is a short drive away.
As a Flames fan this is good news, I want to go to this event and there is no chance we make the playoffs
Why the fuck isn’t in Toronto, literally Toronto can host 2 ppvs sold out to the brim. We need one ppv and one fight night here not jus “Canada”
Vancouver?
What a good problem. If it happens I hope they make a plan to get back there. It has to be a hot crowd there. Most Canadian venues are
Vancouver would be such a W for me
Flames won’t make it they’ve been falling apart
Vancouver the front runner again   https://twitter.com/aaronbronsteter/status/1644322364031746048?s=46&t=NbsLp_pMN8kp6xdJBqoqWw
Toronto will be out before then too (cries as a Leafs fan)
Should have a weilli on the card then
I would absolutely love that. 0 chance of going to a UFC event without having to fly otherwise. They're never coming back to Seattle.
That would be awesome I missed garth vs cowboy but will definitely drain my bank account for this one if it happens
if my numbers are correct the flames are slightly less than 1/3rd to make the playoffs.  They are a good team but they haven't got that extra something that puts them in cup contention.
Never have I been happier about the Canucks losing if we got a ppv here. The last fight night was great but my next goal has been ppv.
Oh fuck pls Montreal, can’t believe I’m rooting for the Flames
Please be Vancouver
The Wild should be out by then. They dont make it past the first round anyways.   (I’m a Wild fan)
:( the truth hurts.
Ouch
Oilers are winning the cup this year.
I would pay for an overpriced seat!
They have a less than 32% chance of making the first round to begin with.
True wisdom is always in the comments
Probably why they want to start selling tickets before announcing fights
How are you a flames fan but say there is no chance of making the playoffs? Your team is literally tied for the WC#2 spot right now. There is absolutely a chance
Oilers are clinched.
If the Flames making the playoffs is jeopardizing 289 being in Calgary, we can assume the Leafs already being clinched is a part of why they're not going to Toronto.
They are in the playoffs dude
🐻
Been a Toronto native for my entire life. I'm surprised when people can even cry for this sad excuse of a team.
Came here for this comment, as a fellow Leafs fan.
> They're never coming back to Seattle.  Why?
Imagine if the Flames pull it off and the UFC ends up going to Winnipeg
You guys just had your cup final run. Van needs this.
Oh word? I should start paying attention then. Let's go oilers!!
I hope they make it. As an Edmonton fan, I'd love to see another BOA
I think being a flames fan means you have even less faith after this season
They are going to prudential center on may 6th w/ the devils being locked into a playoff spot for a while.
It’s the leafs bro first round exit is inevitable
Our fans are like the girl that keeps going back to that abusive BF that’s says time after time “he’s going to change”
UFC Yellowknife or bust
They need a place with an airport.
Really hard for the UFC to make Winnipeg work since  it doesn’t have an airport. They’d have to fly fighters into North Dakota and drive them up. The logistics are awful.
Maybe Vancouver should try not giving JT Miller an albatross contract if they want nice things ngl
As a Preds fan I’ll be rooting for y’all, Ekholm seems to be a good fit with y’all
Yukon deserves a card and I don’t wanna hear any disputes
Lmao what, where did you get that there’s no airport?
Bahaha. We have an airport you dork.
yeah it’s tuff. The blue bombers bring everything in by sled dogs from the attic circle on sundays.
Just to be clear, there was never no airport
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winnipeg_James_Armstrong_Richardson_International_Airport
Jt has been fine this year for his cap hit.
I adore that man. Best dman we've had since Pronger. Take care of Barrie. He's an absolute gem of a human being
Nashville and Edmonton are sister cities btw.
Only if someone gets in the octagon with a polar bear.
I had no idea. TIL.
Spivak versus a legit polar bear. Khabib as Spivac's chief corner, and cutman.
Gotta respect Pettis going out there and still getting a 650k payday after looking bad for a few years in the PFL
I wonder how much this organization last paying out like this. I saw on social media about how the arena was empty.
Gamebred boxing confirmed to be used to launder cocaine money
Yeah if these payouts are all legit something tells me there won’t be another one of these
No wonder Jorge’s talking retirement if he’s making enough to pay out like that
probavly money laundering through jorge's connections and crypto bullshit
Reminds me of Affliction promotion and its absurd salaries. They didn't last very long - folded after 2 events.  source: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affliction:\_Day\_of\_Reckoning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affliction:_Day_of_Reckoning)     Paying  Arlovski $1,500,000, during Great Recession seemed like a *good* investment at a time
Jorge isn’t paying any of these people himself. I’m assuming the company behind this got a bunch of funding when triller first took off and now need to put on events.
> Pearl Gonzalez: $50,000 for loss to Gina Mazany >  > Gina Mazany: $10,000 (no win bonus) for win over Pearl Gonzalez  damn
Get that bread
If this wasn’t a BLK prime style money front they lost millions on this card. Also, Pettis made more money in PFL. That’s pretty surprising.
That Wheaties box still paying dividends.
I have a feeling Masvidal is gonna be losing money on these events.
Anyone remember when Pettis was on World Of Jenks?  Dude's come so far fr
With the low turnout, shows how much money UFC is swindling from the fighters. God damn I love Masvidal and his care for fighters.
Seeing these numbers make me wonder why they don't shave off 10k from those making 200k, and 25k from those making 400k+. Likely nobody would turn down a fight being offered 190k vs 200k, or 375k vs 400k, and that way you have 120k to spread over 20 fighters. Everyone on the card could be making 10k minimum which would be good for optics.
Is this money defintive or are there some undiclosed payments?
How involved is Masvidal with this event?
Who's money are they laundering?
Plus isn’t he making hundreds of thousands each fight in the PFL
Pettis was my first fighter I was a fan of from some mtv true life thing, so happy seeing him get the bag.
I am surprised he made such a huge purse but could on masvidal for getting that done
Wheaties box is a pretty rare thing.
They have to be getting some help from the UFC. Especially since it is on fight pass which would only benefit them in bringing in more eyes.
When the worst tickets are 100 before ticket master fees and this is the card, they're headed down the triller path.  I was expecting a last minute price cut that never happened. For 30 bucks, it would have been fun.
Read the book “American Desperado” it’s really good
Freeway Rick Ross has been appointed acting CFO
A lot of these places like many businesses use their start up capital and loans to survive while taking a loss, taking financial risks to get your name in the hat and break into the industry.
No way that Jorge is paying from his own pocket.
If he is the sole owner and investor for the company I would think he's gonna be poor if he does a few more of these. I don't see how this could have been profitable. It was mostly empty because the seats were absurdly priced and he thought it would be a good idea to have it in Wisconsin.   He's not smart. He booked a fighter from the UK and then a week before announced that fighter was out due to visa issues. And he explained on a podcast that the issue was he didn't know that you need to get a new work visa for a new job. He thought since the fighter had already had a work visa in another promotion it would still be valid. Like you just get one work visa and then can just come and go as you please to work regardless of when or who you are working for. Now I'm not very knowledgeable on visas but if I was running a promotion I sure as shit would have looked into it rather than just assume you could use an old visa. Or you know, hire a consultant who actually knows what they are doing instead of winging it on my own.   But I would guess there are other investors and they are mostly just using his name to promote it.
I think there's a lot more money laundering in combats sports , at all levels, than most people would like to admit
Shoutout to Josh Barnett's piss
Also paid a ton of money to some bad music band to perform on the show to make sure they really wasted all their budget
How the hell was Fedor only making 300k to main event.  Something’s not adding up.
I'm guessing he's not the one actually financing this thing
He's the future
750k per fight
750K each fight, 4 fights a year.
Dude managed to do incredibly well. He somehow cashed in on his name twice. He was washed when he left UFC, but still got a generous PFL deal. Despite losing a lot he got the Roy Jones Jr. payday
Young Pettis was incredible to watch.  The Showtime nickname was an understatement , it was like impossible not to be a fan of that guy
Why would the ufc help? (Genuine question, not trying to start an argument)
>They have to be getting some help from the UFC.  How do you know it's not just Jorge's money?
They could be testing the waters for the mythical “Zuffa Boxing.” See what appetite there is from mma fans to watch older mma guys box  Live crowd didn’t seem full and I don’t imagine PPV sold well. The top 3 fights had name value and somewhat interesting matchups, but it wasn’t enough to make fans fork up $50
Yeah that's what I thought. I went to go buy a ticket expecting something like $40-$50 for a decent seat. Cheapest ticket is over $100 I'm like no. I'll go to the concert around the corner instead.
My fucking man. Unbelievable book.
what a fucking life that dude lived. Almost big enough to get away with it.
Also, "Snowblind" by Robert Sabbag.
>American Desperado  Is there a film about it?
The Triller way of making business
The concept is interesting enough, get fighters with pre built fan bases as opposed to building them up. Shame the Main event was so lack luster.
Lol you just described the entire tech industry as well.
You ever seen the price teams pay for soccer player ? How is it not money laundry
That last Crawford boxing card is a great example of obvious money laundering scheme.
Glad to see another old timer....
He was banking on PPV points, while Arlovski was paid a flat fee. Needless to say, Arlovski came out ahead
Because that's not his real purse. Outside of the UFC you often have those weirdly low official purses to avoid taxes. And the UFC did that, too, until around 8 years or so ago. Supposedly Fedor made around $5mil each fight during that period. Plus minus a bit.
Hmm I'm not sure. Maybe not the whole thing, but I have a feeling he's financing some of it.
Beautiful
Goddamn Pettis is raking it in.
Pettis is making more money than Ngannou will when he finally will fight someone.
Woah, that's more than I make loading boxes into delivery trucks.
Let’s fucking go Jesus Christ
Even later he kept showtime moments. Although I think he would fold often
It's an actual investment to them. If it gets big, it will bring more buyers to fight pass. Then those buyers will also likely watch ufc too so it's a win/win. Basically the UFC shares their success with them.
PPV Was on ufc fight pass.
Think of the UFC as not only a promotion, but also as a business investing company. They can become shareholders in companies they think will make money, so if they offer some startup money or other resources to get some traction going, UFC can expand their wealth. It's pretty standard business, just in combat sports context here.
>Why would the ufc help?  The fact Masvidal appeared on JRE, and is fighting on a ppv either side of the event (which is broadcast on fight pass) tells me they are helping hard
Broadcasting rights.
Fight pass pays for content, same way espn pays ufc. So they got fight pass money even if they don’t sell tickets. Of course it’s still lost income and not ideal.
> Genuine question, not trying to start an argument  lmao what a great asterisk. as someone who pretty much exclusively posts in this subreddit, i might steal that from ya.
Dilutes the narrative that UFC fighters don’t have any options outside the UFC
Just having more live sports content their platform
I dont
I read “how to get away with murder in America” first and had to do ad next.  Now I sort of want to read Ricky prados (one of alberts enforcers who went on to be a cia agent) book since he just released it
True, but I also sort of hated him.
Thanks! I need to check that out
>Also, "Snowblind" by Robert Sabbag.  Interesting
Affliction was rumored to have paid Arlovski 1M in early 2000s and that allegedly bankrupt them
Is thriller still active?
There's a name I haven't heard in awhile. It was like MMA and social media had a sociopathic baby.
It worked so well for them
Yeah but those fanbases dont want to watch and the fighters dont do anything particularly exciting.  Once the novelty wares off you're left with the product - and to most MMA fans the product kind of sucks. Boxing is not even close to the same sport from a viewer experience perspective and we kind of peaked on day 1 with McGregor vs Mayweather - the biggest conceivable matchup now, ever and in the future, was the first one.   No disrespect to the guys fighting or even Jorge for this, but it's not something I'll ever financially support. Not for ethical reasons, but because I probably wouldn't even watch if it were free.   I turned on the first 3 rounds of Aldo vs Stephens and hardly checked back through the next 3 and turned it off after.
Money in football is absurd. You should see tv deals for premier league and UCL. It’s the biggest sport on planet for a reason.
People actually don't know how money laundering works and just put BS out there because they can't comprehend several revenue streams making it possible to pay out like this. Granted, what Jorge's team is probably doing is that operating on a loss as a risk to eventually make it big like how Triller does business but who knows hey?
He’s a name for the brand, that’s it.
Did he do well in the UFC already or no?
Jokes aside this is the reality.
Lol no
With the crazy list of injuries he's had, must be impossible to not fold at some point
I think it's pretty unlikely that a significant amount of non-UFC fans would be drawn to Gamebred boxing.
Also, it's a good place to offload fighters they cut
How much money do you think they make off Fight Pass, esp. compared to other areas of revenue? Even if it does make a lot of money, you think the UFC thinks Gamebred Boxing will bring in a 7 - 8+ figure ROI for them?  Dana seems to have Power Slap wet dreams, and it seems like Dana's kid could pay for that out of his allowance.
Okay maybe my question should have been - define “getting some help”?
Do you need fight pass in the US to get the PPV?
Lol how much do you think Fight Pass pays? The fact you’re comparing that with ESPN is hilarious
I'll take a look at How to Get Away with Murder. Thanks for the tip.
You don't need to read book, watch Don King documentary
That book was the keystone for me in learning that like, 99.9% of people who talk about cocaine, or drugs in general, have no fucking idea what they're talking about.
Came here to say this. Everyone who thinks this is a good idea needs to go look into Affliction. It’s cool seeing these guys get paid, but it won’t last like this.
Josh Barnett failing his drug test and causing an event to fall apart early on is what did them in.
They paid Fedor around $5mil per fight.
Theyre currently getting sued out of business lmoao
He almost certainly left the UFC a multimillionaire
Became champ while there was still sponsors so that had to have been good money
I think you’d be surprised
You on that traitom again, B? Don’t you owe wrinks some money anyway? Beast of a finance expert you are.
Yeap. Injuries are a bitch. He is of coursse, must watch and undoubtly one of the most exciting fighters during his peak- but I still enjoy the random Showtime moment later on. Like the one against Wonderboy wherein he was losing badly and he suddenly won with a superman punch KO.  Glad that he is making bank up until now.
You’d be surprised how many old heads want to watch Roy jones box.
Maybe. Who are the assholes buying Jake Paul fights though, UFC fans?
To get paid more? 🤔
Could be direct help with funding, event setup/promotion, or introducing Masvidal to some investors.
There a partial investor and have a partnership to show the event through UFC fight pass
> but the grappling and kickboxing Ive seen on there while I was subscribed was definitely a deal with those leagues paying to be on it, not because they were investing in the league  You seem very sure about this, got a source? I find it hard to believe those leagues make enough to pay the ufc for it.
I mean the drug trade isn’t exactly rocket science
In terms of addiction or in other ways they are incorrect?
Yea the goal has always been just a higher percentage of the revenue split going to fighters, particularly mid career fighters who are the ones who are notoriously the most under paid relative to the worth they bring.  Paying people sums that are greater than revenue is a quick way to see promotions fold.
He probably did the same thing every boxing promoter does and paid the big name people who will sell tickets well enough while filling the undercard with cheap fights and amateurs
I mean pay should scale with the gate.
The wheaties box era had to be lucrative
I think you're a casual
And young heads, I’ve now been able to see Roy Jones Jr box live twice because of these old aged exhibition type fights. Pree cool.
Mf have 20 million followers on instagram alone, so dont think using him is a good example
Tbh those are the ones going to his fights, yeah. I think for his Anderson fight or one of the Woodley fights the crowd went wild for Nate Diaz and some other MMA fighters being shown on the big screen, but no one reacted to Ryan fucking Garcia
Parents of spoiled children I would assume.
Right? That’s what I’m saying. So the ufc is gonna “help” Gamebred promotions pay their fighters more than what they make in the UFC?
From their perspective, it makes more sense to keep them around than to let them make money off of being "ex-UFC" fighters.
True. The top minds here on Reddit have it all figured out.
Use, or as a business. It's a really good book. It's a true story, and takes place during the 70s and 80s wild west heyday of drug smuggling
you can operate a business at a loss for a long-ass time if you've got enough backing. did you know Uber didn't make a profit until 2021?
I think Francis has yet to be signed, and has been continuously talked about as a no-draw fighter in boxing. Oh wait, that’s not what I’m thinking, that’s factual…
Let's be real here, you haven't seen Roy Jones Jr. box live.  You've seen some old slow dude who happens to have the same name box live.
Roman Garcia lit the stadium on fire…. Immigrant mentality.   -Joey Diaz
That's only for the main event, the rest will prob get a free room and a $30 voucher for the buffet.
They're playing both sides so they always come out on top
I mean you think that after reading a book
Edit( u/frogbone DMed me then blocked me this repost below lol)  Last time I checked small MMA promotions funding runway is different than *checks notes* one of the biggest investor funded tech start ups in history. Like your using the poster child of Unicorn start ups as the example.   MMA promotions usually can’t survive losing money for very long, unlike publicly traded tech companies.   Also there financials losing money was always overblown. They were investing heavily in R&D plus operations, they could of easily been profitable before that point if they wanted too.
Lol ya new here?
Obviously it’s not 90s Roy and unless you seen him live before 03 you never watched really watched HIM, no need to get all gatekeepy.
Me? I do not. I read lots of books. All different kinds. Never claimed to be an expert on anything. Neither here nor elsewhere. Not sure what you're on about.
> MMA promotions usually can’t survive losing money for very long, unlike publicly traded tech companies.  hell of a thing to say when ONE has been operating off venture capital and not turning a profit for over a decade
Are you new here? Its pretty clear that no boxer want anything to do with ngannou. The only guy that ever interacts with him is fury to box in mma gloves, but its clear as day that fury is just bullshitting for his own agenda. In mma bellator pretty much closed the door entirely, ONE only have 1 hw in their roster, pfl is still negotiating but highly doubt they can match 8 million which is what ufc offered.
You can't say no one knows what they are talking about if you concede the same.
> There was a rule change for the PFL this season. For fighters who miss weight, they get fined 20 percent but are still eligible for points (but will get a -1 point deduction) Last season they were not eligible to earn points. If they lose, they will advance -1 points
For a second I thought they were gonna allow elbows
Should be more than -1. -3 feels right to me.
elbows in a tourney format are bad news. they cut too much, and these dudes need to fight again very soon. bellator did the same thing when they were a tourney format
Are we going to get a repeat of this?  https://youtu.be/ClevTY2MWdY
oh wow it's that one Redditor at 1:40
My man! Now I'm ready for this card.
I wish the UFC would go back to using this for promotional stuff
RRRRRRRRIPPING ME INTO PIECES
You’re doing the lords work, These make the cards feel so much more exciting
Fuck yeah
Just part of the ritual.
Take That Taste the Pain
You might be my favorite redditor
Just bleed bro.
Beautiful champ
The good old days
Awesome as always!!
They still use it before the main event in arena
I need to rewatch XRA.
Rare sighting of a Redditor expressing admiration for one another.
Mini Masvidal x Medium Masvidal collab
Must be a crazy feeling to watch these guys for years and then not only meeting them but also fighting on the same card. I can imagine it's pretty surreal.
He got his face jabbed off against randy costa, hope ge improved in that regard or its gonna be a long night against Font.
Yanez is one of the must likable guys in the ufc
I think Yanez gets it done
Guy is just a fan, i love it!
TIL Yanez is 29. I thought he 23 or 24.
His idols? Dude is only four years younger than Adesanya. Your idols are supposed to be at least seven years older than you, typically.
yeah ? I bet. why does this need to be posted here, not newsworthy at all.
Make your dreams come true boi get that W
Menosvidal
Sucks that he’s already 29
Who's big Masvidal?
Then you have stuff like a MW passing of the torch from Anderson to Izzy when Izzy grew up idolising him. That was a cool moment that must have been surreal. Shame they sparred haha
Font is absolutely a live dog here
While that is true, he also showed an ability to start countering and negating the jab, and got a ko in the next round.   It’s unclear how much of that was Randy’s abysmal gas tank, but yañez clearly showed that he can deal with a good quick jab and it’s not an easy answer to his style.
Randy Costa modeled his jab after Kattar and Font
That was 2 years ago though there has to be improvement
He learned quick against Costa though and started to parry the jab with his own! It’s one of the ways he turned the tide during that match with Costa!
He finished Costa lol Costa gassed trying to keep that volume up. Font doesn't have anywhere near as diverse striking as Costa. Fonts got a tougher fight imo.
Don’t think that really matters here. Adesanya has headlined so many cards
Please go back to r/ufc
Me.
Why would you  not go with Mega Masvidal lol
They were trying to knock each other out, Silva tried to throw a flying knee at his head that’s not sparring
the difference in competition faced is insane
Tons of live dogs on this card imo. Thats the best kind of cards to look forward to
I think this’ll be an Ige moment where font was getting worked every time he fought up but now he’s fighting down and he’ll show the levels to this
I think the odds makes sense. Plus he’s 35 now which is ancient in BW.
Most likely Randy costas terrible gas tank. The guy has never gone to a round 3, which is kinda insane considering he is a lighter fighter, thats including his amateur fights lol.
I think a lot of it is because Randy only has 4 minutes of cardio at best. Font isn’t gonna get tired, even if he gets hurt. This one’s a coin toss for me. Font took a lot of damage in his last two fights and Yanez has been phenomenal, but also the style that has given Yanez the most trouble has been one that Font made his career off of, and he can do it better than Randy did. Real toss up here, gonna be interesting to see what happens. Guaranteed banger
Facts?
looking up to your peers as idols is cringe. full stop.
he will go wherever he pleases. You can’t control him.
Big Masvidal you're taking everything I worked for motherfucker
English "Cornbread" ButFrench aka Mega Masivdal aka Street Grievous
That's when Jorge gets the star from Super Mario Brothers
That's funny cause I've seen guys get knocked out in sparring so I guess the weren't sparring.  Neither guy fucking went for it. It was a fight where both men respected each other too much.
Completely agree
I mean dj is in his late 30s and still showing up
Yeah he’s up there with makwan amirkhani with strangely terrible gas.  It’s doubly weird for randy because he gases while only throwing jabs.
Wasn't Costa lighting off some massive kicks as well? Shit gasses you fast look at Zabit and Fiziev.
I just think that it’s a coin flip stylistically, but all the x factors swing in yañez’s favor. He’s younger, on a win streak vs a losing streak, has taken less damage, and has been shown to have a better chin. Rob has been hurt to the point of almost being stopped in like 8-9 of his last 10 rounds.
Stay miserable lad
Looking up to someone else’s success or skill in the sport you’re involved in? Nearly every athlete ever is cringe then. Age is irrelevant, especially in a sport like mma.
Everything you’ve said is cringe lmao fUlL sToP   Have some self awareness.
*Super Diaz Bros
No if they knocked each other out in sparring they weren’t sparring they were fighting and that’s just irresponsible. It’s true they respected each other a lot in the matchup and it felt weird that it only was 3 rounds but they’re both counter strikers so you can’t expect them to really go for it in the sense I believe you’re talking about
DJ is one of the greatest fighters ever and as good as Adriano is he's not at the tippy top of flyweight right now.
That’s what’s making me slightly lean Yanez but I wouldn’t be surprised at all to see Font jab his way to victory
Morning Kombat listener calling me cringe. Pot meet kettle. Lol.
Sparring is a simulation of fighting. If you are getting ready for fights sometimes it happens. Even to world champions. Not saying it's good.  You are being pedantic. It was a fight neither man gave it their all because of respect for the others legacy and skill.  Izzy has been criticised time and time again for coasting. Smart but can't complain when people look back and say it.
You got me. MMA podcasts are so cringe. Can’t believe I’d do such a thing.
I think Volk got a lot of fans after his last fight but seems like a smallish fight for international fight week.  Guess we will see how the rest of it comes together.   Is something wrong with Jones or Stipe or is one not dealing or what’s up with that?
Gaethje vs Poirier Co-main and it's just as good or better card Than Stipe vs Jones
Expected
That would make international fight week much more weak than anticipated. The top 5 attractions of the UFC are:  Mcgregor, Jones, LW title fight, Izzy, or WW title fight.  One of these needs to be the main event of international fight week.
I don't want Jones vs Stipe at all  I hope it doesn't happen.   Let Jon fight Blaydes or even Pavlovich
I’m a volk fan, but this is not international fight week main event worthy. Co-main yea but not main event.
>No Stipe Jones talk yet  Is it silence, or has some west coast intern just not realized those noises are what Stipe sounds like when he's talking?
Lmfao if Stipe is still being a diva and making demands I am done with this stupid pointless fight.
If volk can’t headline ifw without even hardcores complaining, then I hope they don’t give him another shot at Islam.
Nice
Volk smash
"Negotiations" probably
>Is something wrong with Jones or Stipe or is one not dealing or what’s up with that?  Intern didn't realize those sounds were Stipe talking, and Jones has been unavailable due to blackjack & hookers since winning the title.
I would like to know what Ariel meant by “no talk”. There have to be talks, even if talks are not going well. It’d be a real disappointment if Volk ended up being the headliner for International Fight Week.  July is a quick turnaround for Jones considering he just fought in March. Would not be a surprise to me if he wanted more money for the turnaround. I thought when Dana announced Colby as the next WW title challenger, they were thinking Edwards-Covington could be an alternate to headline IFW.
I want it 5 rounds thooo
I hope a concussion made you omit Dustin v. Justin, because that is going to be the people's main event on whatever card its on.
Stipe doesn’t deserve it. He sat out for like 2 years avoiding his obligations as a fighter and now thinks he’s entitled to a title shot. He just wants a big paycheck.
It’d be a good main event as long as there’s still a really good main card along with it. If we could get this as the main event, maybe a flyweight title fight co main, Poirier vs Gaethje 3 and a couple other good matchups I think it would be plenty good
Volks vs Max 3 -- he destroyed him   Volk vs Zombie - he destroyed him   Volk vs Ortega - fight of the year   Volk vs Islam- fight of the year   Any card Volk is on for a belt defense, he's earned main event status
Why are people saying it's Stipe when Jon just last week was coked out of his mind putting posts out on twitter about murdering and death.
Probably. It's so funny/sad. UFC will literally offer a contender like 10x the money if they take it fight week but are soooo tough at getting a contract before. I swear they dont even need to be that much easier.  They got the money and then some, they just will wait to give it as a lifeline.
Does this intern joke exists because Ufc is so cheap or it actually happened before?
How is volk a disappointment!?
A quick turnaround maybe, but he doesn’t have to cut weight and he literally took 0 damage and had to put in very little work in his 2 minute fight with Gane. Jones could have fought the next day, the next week, whenever tbh.
I love how this sub went from 'tired of the old guard rank squatters only fighting each other' to 'can't wait for this rerun!'
Not sure why people are shitting on stipe. He's not out here crying for a title shot. Dude hasnt said a word. He's completely fine not fighting again from what we've seen. Blame the ufc for making the fight. Not stipe for accepting a title shot and a bag lol... Id do the same if i was him.
Yeah that selfish bastard was fulfilling his obligations as a first responder during a pandemic, and then had the nerve to not say a word about wanting a title shot anywhere.  He even used hypnosis on Dana White to make him offer a title shot to him our of no where
The fuck? Jones is the one calling for Stipe. Not the other way around.
Jones straight up called him out in the octagon post Gane fight you can’t really talk shit on Stipe and say he thinks he’s entitled at all
I know it’s not right for him to get a title shot, but as an Ohioan, he’s the only athlete we’ve got to be proud of, and I will love him forever. I’ll put on my hypocrite hat and beg for Stipe vs Jones
Because Stipe hasn’t fought in two years and was clearly avoiding Jon before Jon got the title fight.
Just from a lot of businesses turning real stuff over to unsupervised interns and then being surprised it wasn't 100%.
Compared to the possibility of Jones-Stipe and then Volk as co-main
He probably could, but himself said on Twitter that he felt IFW turnaround was forced on him or something (not going back to check his exact wording). A guy of his statue probably wants to enjoy life as opposed to jumping right back in camp
It's more like Gaethje finally defended his spot at the top of the LW against a promising contender. IMO the Dustin Dariush fight should've happened a long time ago, because defeating Chandler doesn't say much about how Porier stacks against the new blood of the division.
I believe there were many long-time fans of the two who suffered in either silence, or downvoted to negatives while the insane narrative of two of the toughest, most fearless fighters to ever do it being afraid to fight guys because of their skills, as opposed to the fact nobody had heard of them outside this board.  I've been a huge Dustin fan since he added defense, and since I like that have not really been  as high on Garth, and yet I still would never voluntarily miss a fight from either man individually, much less vs each other.  But when a anti-fact narrative seizes the sub, there is very little you can do.  So many people have never watched the fights, and form their opinions based on made-up stories they see upvoted here.
https://twitter.com/stipemiocic/status/1614694155078324225?s=20
Are we gonna go with that whole theory again that 1 of the greatest to ever do it is scared of another fighter? I've heard these stories again and again and everytime it turns out to be bullshit. Stipe runs into fires to save other humans but sure he's scared of Jon. Ok buddy, plus he has nothing to lose here.
It really is just the right fight to make right now. They both fought down and won, this rematch makes sense. Loser of this fight should face the winner of Arman vs Moicano (as long as the loser doesn’t retire)
That man got shadow realmed by Francis and people think he’s scared of getting choked out by Jones lol
Filthy is a great way to describe this for all the wrong reasons
This would actually be an interesting rematch now.
I hope by filthy you mean controversial af
Nice eyepoke.
Following filthy eyepoke of Gunnar Nelson
Filthy finger-fuck of Gunni's eye socket
eyepoke and shorts grab  this is what made people dislike Ponz  then he eyepoked Perry after too lmao
This and that knockout the other year where the guy lands an uppercut off hooking the glove are my least favourite knockouts. Dirty as fuck
Rematch would be nice. Gunnar wants it!
Been saying that Ponzo is gonna KO Holland this weekend. He had a close fight with Geoff Neal and Pereira, but I think he's going to make a comeback. Both guys need a win.
This is where the ‘you need goggles to fight ponzi’ came from. Brutal eye pokes in this fight
Cormier should be proud
Yeah since it'll be harder for Ponzi to poke Gunnar in the eye with ufc's new gloves
Which prominent fighters *haven't* committed fouls like this though?  - Leon - Eye poke vs Belal, multiple fouls against Usman in 3rd fight   - Cormier - numerous eye pokes, towel-gate  - Jones - where to start? Lol  - Stipe - eye pokes   - Figueiredo - eye pokes and nut shots  - McGregor - fouls vs Khabib  - Eddie Alvarez - DQ vs Poirier then 12-6 elbows in rematch   - Oliveira - eye pokes (I think?)  - Aldo - fence grab vs. Mendes before finishing him with a knee  - Overeem - nut shots  - Rampage - nut shots  - Anderson Silva - eye pokes and illegal up-kicks  - Bisping - illegal knees   - Leech - eye gouges on Jake Mathews  I'm sure there's countless more but you get my point. Why is Ponzinibbio get shit on while others seem to get a pass or far less heat?  -
I think Ponzinibbio's past it unfortunately. Hasn't looked anywhere near as good as he did before his long lay off since coming back.
🤞
Bapa what is this, the cheating channel?  He's getting called out on a post which literally has him cheating in it  B-b-back to the fryers B being a cheating loremaster aint it
Usman cheated Leon way more than Leon cheated Usman.
Gonna find tomorrow night.....
Ok? What's your point? I'm just a ton of prominent fighters have a history of committing bad fouls.
I get that, it’s just that not including Usman is a bit tedious. No dit at you though.
Yeah that's fair, I was just rattling a couple off the top of my head. The Leon eye poke vs Belal just stood out and he's the current champ.
Alex using the analogy of wanting his father to come home as fast as possible to get his inevitable punishment out of the way as to why Izzy wants to fight so soon again, in his matter-of-fact stoic tone, was pretty good.
masvidal fight week looking like a vacation. gilberts going to take this mans head off.
Someone let me know if the real star of these embeddeds appears here: Izzy's brother
It’s always weird to see guys who have been champ for a bit wear non champ shorts.
Same as the earlier episode, all those kicks and punches sound like gunshots in the Pereira clips. Terrifying lol
Glover is the sweetest most likeable guy ever that could also pop your head off and kill you with one punch   He holds the key to breaking the iron gaze of Poatan
Man if Alex just sat down and spent a few hours learning English every day he'd be one of the most marketable guys in the UFC. He just needs to get to the basic Dagestani English level too, nothing crazy.
Somehow Masvidal just got even more unlikable
What a weird episode
Lmao. Did Masvidal get a special invitation to his arraignment too?
Jorge is such a tool holy shit
I lowkey think Alex will beat Izzy or would be a good underdog bet. But I respect active champs and I think it would be really cool to see Izzy avenge his loss and reclaim the belt. That being said if Alex wins I feel like this could be Whittaker's chance to become champ so I'm gonna be excited for either outcome.
Somehow the two Brazilians, one of which isn't even in the ufc anymore, and Sean fkin strickland reel like the only personable likeable people in this embedded.   Get euge, izzys bro, Gilbert, Adrian, ghetto batman.. fkin anyone else than masvidal and izzy.
Quick question, does the barber curse count if he’s getting braided?
Masvidal got an invite to stand in the crowd 💀
Raul Rosas Jr and his brother look **nothing** alike
So do all those people just go to that golf course everyday to cheer outside? Florida is fuckin weird
I still like Jorge as a fighter. He has a fun style to watch. I just wish he'd stop making it hard to like him outside the cage.  Doesnt really matter at the end of the day though.
Damn, I was over here thinking that pikachu jacket was pretty sick and wondering if Poatan was a pokemon fan just to find out he's using it as a taunt, still sick though.
Gynobender is back, wonder what cycle he ran for this rematch
I love Sean so much, I wish he put more content out there.
Masvidal already approved for the handicap parking spot ahead of this fight.
Izzy testing out the new glove finger pokes
Is it me or does this right titty look inflated?
I low-key feel like poatan is getting a little too cocky, within reason of course. But still just feels a little different than last time.
Strickland trying to talk about Izzy running & hiding while saying they’re “genetically different” yes Strickland one of you has been a champion with several defenses, a top P4P fighter in the sport, and has finished lethal/top fighters on multiple occasions and it’s not you bro.   Pillow Hands Strickland may be the most annoying guy on the roster not gonna lie. Also, the fact he’s talking big while hanging out training with a guy who sent him to the shadow realm before any of us could finish a drink is comical.
Does Glover not like German music?
Ngl that hair stylist was cute
The Embedded videos seem to be creating a strong desire to see Izzy and Jorge knocked out.
Cold as fuck. And then the next scene Glover puts make up on him lmao
you could say his trash talk has left izzy frozen
"Izzy, I am your daddy" - Alex
Damn.  It honestly kind of feels true.  How much better could izzy get during the time?
this comment section is gonna look real different saturday
I said this in another post but I think Jorge has checked out. I don't think he cares or has any motivation left. He's made all the money, fought for the title twice. Gil looks shredded and ready to kill as well.
this *individual's* head off
What kind of work do you expect him to do during fight week? Training is done  at that point.
What if (a big IF), the cards gets re-shuffled and we see a fight between Masvidal and Holland and Burns v Ponzinibbio???
Best we can do is Raul Rosas' brother  Fixed last name
For those that don't know, Izzys brother is a bit of a cult icon in NZ as part of the rap group Machete clan.  [This music video is the perfect example of what a bogan is in NZ.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytDMFCqKxbE&ab_channel=MACHETECLAN)
Peoples champ. I love watching Izzys YouTube content because his interaction with his brother can be so funny. Also I know people love to shit on Izzy for trash talk but he seems to be handling things pretty well, doesn't seem bitter or delusional.
Also weird that hes wearing blue
Kicks especially. No wonder izzys leg was fked by some pretty tame seeming calf kicks. When you hear it on the pads ...   I held pads for a karate guy... he was obsessed as a kid up until he left school.. he hadn't trained in maybe 5 years at the time but still stretched to stay flexible.. he's about 200lb.   He almost knocked my teeth out through the pad, through my arms into my face. When he was kicking the heavy bag it sounded very similar to that whip of Alex and Alex definitely kicks harder than a random dude I met at work lol
Yeah if you happen to see Alex crack a smile, chances are Glover's there aswell.
> pop your head off  For real, those can openers he kept using on Jan were nasty as fuck. Dude yanked at his head as if he had no idea Pez dispensers opened the other way.
He's that badass but lovable uncle we all wish we had.
I wil knockouch you
I feel like he has a cool silent terminator vibe that’s working for him atm.   Would love to see him speaking English regardless but yeah idk I feel it hadn’t been too big a problem for him.
Does his girlfriend speak Portuguese? She has to right?
He'll be forgotten once he's wrestelfucked a few times
He really tried saying in the Brett interview that he doesn’t care about money and nice things yet constantly flaunts luxury cars and ugly designer clothing it’s just so fucking cringe. Trashiest fighter in the roster no cap.
That’s because the dude is in his home turf acting like he runs the place with nothing to back it up.
I all of a sudden want to see him get starched.
A dumb trashy guy - the perfect idol for dumb people
Useful idiot type of guy lol
masvidal man bad
Somehow yall can't stop talking about him despite how much he annoys you
The best one so far for this card, imo.... A LOT of weird goings-on.
Criminals tend to hang out together.
He gets dumber in every episode.
He really does trigger you nerds lmao most of the comments are about him being this or that
The question is how much offensive wrestling is Whittaker able/willing to use against Pereira because from what I've seen, Whittaker is more of a defensive wrestler than an offensive one.  Whittaker was 2 for 13 with takedowns against Darren Till, and Till is tiny compared to Pereira and has equally questionable defensive wrestling.  And if he spams 13+ takedowns against Pereira, he's probably asking for a flying knee.
Maybe I’m misreading your comment, but are you saying Alex isn’t an active champ?
Don't forget that champions becomes 20-30% according to Teddy Atlas and we might see that on Saturday.
There is no fighter quite like Strickland. Sometimes he comes off as a vile imbecile, and then you have videos like this where he's the chillest nicest guy.  Paradoxical.
those braids were sick
his bro got lucky
His late career run really was fun.  Shadowrealming Till, obv the Askren knee, and super explosive in beating Nate up everywhere.  That guy might be gone now though.  38 yrs old  Def a disaster out of the cage.  I sometimes question if he's even cringier than Colby
Even as a person, Jorge can seem likeable.  The dude does care about wanting to give the fans a show, and he can at times talk about his losses and his limitations as a fighter in terms of grappling with some humility.  And when Jorge is facing a fighter he has no beef with, i.e. Till, Diaz, etc., he seems pretty fair/objective about his opponent's strengths and weaknesses.   But then he does/says some really cringey shit.
I noticed he looked noticeably fuller at the presss conference, his arms were thicker, face is clearly more bloated. He’s defintiely on some different juice to try and match the size of Alex
It's a totally not PED induced medical issue bro don't look into it
He beat Izzy 3x, he should feel cocky lol
> Also, the fact he’s talking big while hanging out training with a guy who sent him to the shadow realm before any of us could finish a drink is comical.  I mean tbf that is mighty 'big' of him to go train with the guy that uncorked his head from his body.
lol she was indeed
Frozen Like Frosty the Snowman
Im prepared to eat that shit sandwich if it happens. Are you?
100%
already said if he loses he's done. one foot out the door.  although no one ever really retires and jorge seems like one of those guys.
Its fight week and hes in his home town? I think he likely loses but he literally didn't go to his own gamebred boxing event with jones jr. I think gilberts a good match up for him weirdly -will find out saturday i suppose
As friendly as Burns is and as mean as most fighters would look in real life, he's one of the scarier ones; his neck is so fucking thick.
I hope this fight is UFC thanking Burns for being reliable. Be crazy if they fuck him on it.
I don't like :( I feel currently it's perfect matchups
you might be joking, but it's crazy to me that Raul has a completely rectangular head while Paul's is completely cylindrical. I wasn't ready either for them to pull out that family photo where their oldest brother Saul has a completely triangular head
*Rosas. Side note I keep saying/typing Rojas too for some reason
I didn't even watch the whole thing and I've already bought a plane ticket!  MACHETE CLAN 4LYFE 😂
That’s hilarious, reminds me of some old school UK rap videos haha
In the DC&RC interview, he denied "getting rocked" in the 5th round and said it was an early stoppage, despite the slow mo replay we've seen of him getting rocked with 7-8 different heavy shots.  So maybe a little bitter/delusional.  I don't get this narrative that he handled the loss well when he can't even acknowledge that Pereira was beating the piss out of him in the finishing sequence.
It's always wild to me as Alex has really strange kicking form especially for generating power, he doesn't really pivot on round kicks and they usually aren't angled like a normal kick but they're clearly destroying people.
Good shit champ I had a chuckle
yeah she does
How do you know what he does off camera?
Colby’s broken tooth and “brain damage” would like a word
I wanna see you get starched
Big if true
Some people never really leave the logic of a 4th grader behind I guess
Being this or that. I mean those are probably the only two options someone can be right?
But you're in here dick riding for him. What does that say about you?
Hmmm someone who talks like Colby is defending Jorge, seen it all now.
Where the lie tho. Yall can't help but to get in your litte echo chamber and repeat how much you dislike him but you follow his every move
Doesn't even need to make it a flying knee. Just needs to be in an Mt stance vs Rob and bouncing the leg. If that doesn't put you off....
He’s just saying he respects Izzy for being an active champ
I think Alex is an active champ but Izzy has a longer track record for it. Interestingly, Alex actually is going to defend his belt 6 days quicker than Izzy's first defense (147 vs 153).
It's partial show. Everyone seems to respect him in the gym and he's a solid guy. Also entirely possible to enjoy being his teenage self. It adds 0s to his bank account.
People give Mas a lot of shit, I just like to tune in to see his beautiful braids done
Or Raul got unlucky
I'd agree with this. He's not unlikable to me necessarily. Cringey is more accurate.
True, even Volk would be a little cocky going into a 4th Holloway fight being up 3-0.
If you pay attention than the tall guy Poatan is sparring with is former Glory fighter Yousri Belgaroui who's been KOd by Poatan twice. I find it admirable that you train with guys that beat you in order to get better.
It’s the talking big part that is annoying. Alex would be a great person to train with and get better. Strickland’s trash talk is just trash IMO.
Frozen like the popsicle i lick sensually while staring at dudes bigger than me
I eat my shit whole dog
So brave of you
November was very cold
I think he actually made some really smart investments and he’s a local celebrity down there. His passive income is probably outgrowing however much he’s paid to get beat up.
Maybe he finally has time to fix his house, it looked abandoned in the video even if they literally live there.
Exactly. He has his own promotion too so maybe that keeps him busy. I feel like we are seeing more and more now fighters struggling to move on. Or maybe I'm just paying attention now, I just don't remember it as frequent back in the day.
It's just comments he's making and how he physically looks. He just seems done.
I 100% agree with you. I really like Burns and I hope that he decimates Masvidal
Me too. It's just a thought that cross my mind because they were "beefin" at the hotel lobby...  I hope that they don't change anything, though
There's 104 days of summer vacation,  And school comes along just to end it...
Did he talk about his peroneal nerve again?
I didn't see that interview but I definitely have seen him speak on being frustrated on the stoppage. However he has said he spoke to his team who said it was a fair stoppage, he mentioned that Marc Goddard should've let it go because of the Gastellum fight and how that played out (which is fair when you look at the beating Gastelum took). Taking the loss poorly would be Izzy saying he never lost, Alex is a fake champ, injury excuse etc. He's done none of that. We have seen ex champions take losses very poorly many times and I just don't see it this time around. I think a lot of fans dislike Izzy so much it clouds judgement. Izzy lost the fight, he believes it should have went longer but has accepted the loss, that's it.
You sure he denied it, because his own brother on his channel said "you got rocked!" And he reluctantly said "yeah, I was rocked".
He never denied getting rocked though? He's always been clear that he knows Alex rocked him but he still felt lucid and in the fight. He's main argument is that he wasn't OUT or anything.
Same thing with Pereira’s hand strikes. His technique looks so weird and unlike all other pro fighters that sometimes it’s funny to realize he’s one of the worlds best strikers.
Natural power can take you a LONG way.   It's like in other sports where technique really matters and overall attributes not so much... golf, darts, snooker etc I like when they do breakdowns and show where top people aren't doing things right... everyone's different. If it works it works haha
Yeah, I've noticed that he doesn't turn his kicks over, they land kind of on the side of the shin.  It clearly doesn't matter because they hit with devastating force, but it looks kinda weird, especially if you watch a lot of Muay Thai.  Could be something with his hips, but then you watch the rotation he gets on the left hook and his hips look absolutely fucking fine, so who knows.  If it works, it works.
Nah, that just backed up the fact that he’s a hood rat
Come starch me bro. Starch all over me
True true
It's strange that it has to be either agreeing with you or its dickriding. Maybe I'm just making fun of you dorks and don't give a shit about what Jorge does or says outside of the cage?
Ah yea that’s fair.
Gotcha. That’s fair enough.
Same thing I said to the other guy… it’s not the training part, it’s the talking crap as if he’s the champ part. Not to mention, Strickland is a decision machine, yet dogs Izzy? It’s just annoying that he acts like he’s this monster that finishes everyone.
what’s with all this lick business? your sucker broken?
Would you say november was frozen?
Money is going straight to colbys pocket unfortunately. #rent free
True, il come back to this on sat and apologise or discuss why I thought otherwise. I feel like at fighting you only have confidence wiht results and if he doesn’t get a result he knows he’s done so it’s not a crazy thing to say
At [this interview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zE19dy-5E5U) he talks about his first loss to Pereira saying he won the first fight (00:10 seconds in), and trash talks him as an alcoholic while talking about his second loss.  I hope he changes his politics about never watching Alex's fights, since it explains why he keeps losing to him.
Yeah that's kinda why I find it neat that Alex can fight that way, I cant really understand what's it like to have the kind of natural power where you can just ignore the established fundamentals for generating power since just touching people with his limbs is enough to hurt more than most. Just rare to see a fighter self aware enough to realize he can throw all the fundamentals/techniques for generating power out the window and just prioritize speed and touching people as much as he can since his power is so overwhelming that the gain from all those techniques would be negligible compared to the speed and balance of his form. Sorta reminds me of like an inverse Dominick Cruz who knew he wasn't a puncher and so just decided to not even try to really hurt people and instead just focused on peppering people and making himself unhittable, even if the form looks strange it couldn't be more perfect for his style.
A hood rat is a female where I'm fr but I understand what you mean lol
I’ll eat it all up
Hmm I felt like he meant it different as in: he's a different kind of guy that just goes forward even if it's fucking stupid. izzy is not that guy, he'll run but it's probably the wiser thing to do.
Also his alimony and child support
Man no need to apologize for anything regardless of the outcome. I'm not disagreeing that Masvidal could pull off a W I'm just saying he's acting as though he's over fighting. Especially with how Burns is looking.
What does an interview from 3 years ago have to do with how he handled this loss?
[You might wanna watch this video](https://youtu.be/j0xVuSDKlCo) before saying “he can throw all the fundamentals/techniques for generating power out the window and just prioritize speed and touching people as much as he can since his power is so overwhelming that the gain from all those techniques would be negligible compared to the speed and balance of his form”.
Really eh? Innaresting. It's not gendered where I'm from.
I took it as him calling Izzy a b**** because of his style even though he himself has pillow hands and has never come close to finishing anyone good in the UFC. Izzy dog walks (no pun intended) Sean with ease.
Do you find it weird at all you literally have zero idea about what you’re speaking, yet you’re speaking so confidently on another mans personal and financial situation?
I’m huge on matchups and as weird as it sounds I think masvidal is a bad match up for burns (along with edwards), think il stick some cash on it actually. Asides the bet I hope burns wins probably one of my fav fighter’s although I despise his manager
I'm not watching the weasle, yes he has great form and uses it when he needs/wants to but he gets away with certain things talked about above because of his insane natural physical gifts and can disregard fundamentals because of that in ways I haven't really seen other fighters do. Most people can't get away with not pivoting and aiming with there kicks but Alex is so insanely durable and powerful he just sends these lower power kicks in then blasts you if he finds an opening, the thing is that's not a viable strategy for most people as they're going to do more damage to themselves landing on checks or elbows or to their own knees like Thiago against Jones but Alex is just fine for some reason.
Yeah I would say he went a bit extreme saying you can throw it all out the window.  Best thing about their last fight was watching Alex be so calm. He actually didn't take many openings and opportunities. So many chances to let his hands go when he was in range and he just didn't take it. Shows his timing and footwork is clearly solid and his decision making is good.   But as far as being a technician is concerned, he isn't much of one vs someone like izzy. Not in competition. That's not to say he doesn't or can't be highly technical. It's just not a priority to him because be doesn't really need it.
what
Yair looked the best he’s ever looked in his last fight and volkanovski is volkanovski. This is a gonna be a good one I can feel it
Let’s gooooo
Great freakin fight
I wanna say Alex will get this easily but Yair is the definition of having that dog in him
Volks via buggy choke
Wonder if Islam will defend the 155 belt against someone else in October then as a July to Oct turnaround might be too quick especially to move up a weight class.
We know Volk is training with Craig Jones, who is Yair training ground game with?
Idk why but I can see Yair winning by some spinning shit
Ariel saying Jones / Stipe might not be on this card
I think volk wins but, yair has a decent shot
[There’s been no talk of Jones x Miocic for that card, btw. Right now, Volk x Rodríguez is the frontrunner to headline, I’m told.](https://twitter.com/arielhelwani/status/1644010460457447424?s=21&t=srvNnxgG4HDiwlkyuZX2bA)
Interesting that they book this under Stipe/Jon  Seems like a backup main event in case that fight falls through and if it doesnt you have p4p 1 and 2 in separate title matches on the same card to sell it
It’s a mismatch. Yair emmet shouldn’t happen for interim title. volks by there’s level to this shit.
Yair hits Volk with a headkick that briefly knocks him down and makes Volk turn on his vicious ground and pound mode a la the Ortega fight and punches Yair’s head into the canvas.
I think this is the fourth time in UFC history a defending undisputed champ is coming off a loss. I believe they are currently 3-0 in this situation:  * Adesanya dec victory over Marvin Vettori. * Max Holloway dec victory over Frankie Edgar. * BJ Penn sub victory over Kenny Florian.  There's also three more undisputed champions who lost without losing a title, all of whom also won their next fight, though they weren't defending in that fight:  * Conor McGregor bounced back with a title fight victory, but it wasn't a defence.  * TJ Dillishaw was stripped and suspended due to PEDs, but did win his eventual next fight, against Cory Sandhagen. * Amanda Nunes technically also lost a fight without losing an undisputed title she held, but didn't attempt to defend it subsequent and that title isn't real anyway. She won her next fight though.  There's also Cormier, if you want to count him, who bounced back from the Jones NC with three consecutive title fight finishes across multiple divisions.
Alex is going to champ all over his face.
Classic trap fight. Yair pulls the upset
Looking forward to this one. MMA math wise, Volk destroys Yair. But - there is no MMA math.
Volk re-watching the Yair v Edgar match over and over just licking his chops.
God this card is going to be sick
I don't want either of those guys to lose.  Would love Yair to win to see the sub in shambles.
Every champion has this changing of guard moment, and my gut feeling says this is it for volk. I believe yair takes this one.
We don’t deserve Volk. What an awesome fight
Definitely could see Yair winning this. Volk is going to seriously struggle at range.
Stacked international fight week!!!!
This fight is going to be nutty, lets go Yair.
> Alex Volkanovski x Yair Rodríguez is scheduled for UFC 290 on July 8, per sources.   > Not signed yet but everyone is on board. Featherweight title unification bout. TBD on what will serve as the main event for that card just yet.
3 consecutive international fight week fights for Volk and he has dominated the last two
God these comments man, volk is going to fucking annihilate this dude how are people still not getting that volk is different to these mfs🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Yair via hug and then sneaky elbow
Yair gets finished in this one.
This is how Volk stays relevant in 2 potential divisions. Hopefully Islam can get a fight a few months after Ramadan and Volk gets another shot at a lightweight strap sometime latter.
is July 8th International Fight Week? I had just said to my co-worker tonight 'Volk will probably fight on Int Fight Week against Yair'.
Volk is such a beast, love how active he’s been as champ.
Remember when the Ronald McDonald of the UFC was promised a title shot if he could beat Yan?
Guess Yair didn't get his wish of fighting in September which was such a ridiculous ask. Wins the interim title and goes "yeah I'll take my title fight in 7 months or so"
Wow, this was done fast. Never bet against the Volk. I'm sure he's watched Yair vs Frankie Edgar a hundred times already. Yair gonna get taken to school yet again. Gonna be the easiest money I've ever made.
People saying this is an easy W for Volkanovski haven't seen Yair's last fight. This is going to be a banger
Is that too soon for Grasso to defend? Is Schev free then? I would absolutely love to see the Mexican champs on the same card, in Mexico, but July feels too soon to set up a Mexico date.
Volk is such a fucking G, dude...Love this guy, can't wait to see him fight again. Volkanovski isn't my favorite fighter but I don't know if there's a fighter I respect more.
Instant classic
Yair looked decent in his fight against Emmett but looking at his resume it seems he was always fighting older slower guys. Volk is  getting up there in age but still has his speed, I don’t see Yair getting a close to a finish on Volk at all.   His last two finishes aside from Emmett (not counting Ortegas shoulder injury) were KZ and BJ Penn… and that was like 5 years ago.   Think this will be easy work for Volk imo
Every Volk fight is super fun to watch, this should be a banger.
Gonna be very funny for makhachev is volk loses. Stock just going way down despite only ever winning. Having your already sketchy #1 pfp argument totally destroyed by Jon Jones.
Volkanovski is on the "starving children in africa" diet as he tries to lose all that lightweight muscle
P4P #1 just keeps going
Yairs got the tricks but volk is slick.
Yes!
Yair looks better than Holloway it's a legit challenge.
Luke Thomas said it best when he talks about just how damaging Yair is in fights, it makes me hard to see anyone at featherweight truly just walking through him. Regardless of who wins I see both men taking a lot of damage
Volk is -410 which seems about right.
Let’s go, El Pantera!
How is the fight not in Mexico
Alex stays busy.  Respect
Those poor Canadians are gonna get a Nunes main event aren’t they?
Wait so Yair can’t go Yair and fight I’m September lol
Yair is such a wildcard in an already crazy division.  Saying that, Volk taking Ortega's chokes and striking with Holloway for 15 rounds he'll have to start doing spinning shit from the top of the cage by the looks of things.
I don’t see what yair has for Volk outside of some Pettis/Wonderboy shit happening.
Off topic but as someone who started following "hardcore" style around UFC 33, it's wild that we are at approaching UFC 290.
Yair is gonna get worked for 3 rounds, but Volk is going to slip on a drop of sweat and KO himself
God I was hoping this would be in Calgary
Wow!
Yair gets hit a lot.  Yair was rocked at least 5 times by The Korean Zombie.  Volk beat TKZ so bad I had to look away.  I know MMA math doesn't necessarily compute.  But I think Volk is going to outclass and steamroll Yair.    I predict Volk KO Round 2.  And opening betting odds Volk -425 so the bookies or early bettors seem to agree.
Volk by more solid fundamentals but yair is a wild ass dude so could be fireworks. Late finish or decision volk is pretty safe.  I think volk is a horrible match up for yair cause he trains with so many good kickers, I don't see yair his offense getting off too much. And I give the edge to volk in pretty much every other department. Yair could pull a Uriah hall but i doubt it.
volk via UD, alot of wrestling like his max fight
Yair looked fucking deadly against Emmett and Volk always brings it. This is gonna be great.
It's close until it's not. Volk/Islam 2
It will be an entertaining fight, but I just don't see any path to victory for Yair
Yair always has that x factor because of the wild shit he throws. Hoping Volk has a great performance and maybe fight Allen if he beats Holloway. Afterwards, making that two title defenses, I would love to see him try 155 again
Watcha gonna do Yair when all the Volkamaniacs run wild on you!
x or vs
How do we know? Because Stone Cold said so!
I will never underestimate Volk again. Looking forward to the fight.
I have no idea why I read this as Volkov and wondered how Yair put on so much weight
 stylistically it's a rough match up for volk imo, shit if anything yair isn't and never was an easy match to begin with.
Awesome! Man I love the UFC. Its always like Christmas when a big fight gets announced!
My anxiety will be creeping up till July. Got it…
Will be a good fight but i don’t see Yair winning unless Volkanovski blows his knees out or something
I'm going with Yair on this one. I've noticed a pattern where a champ coming off a spectacular performance loses in the next fight to an underdog.
Why do I feel an Usman vs Leon vibe to this?
I dont see Yair winning. Slim chances. He has struggled against competent strikers with fast hands, lots of movement, controlling the distance. Volk is easily the best striker in his division and also easily top 5 in the entirety of UFC.   Anything could happen but i would bet on TKO by doctor stoppage. Yair is going to get hit, a lot. Like a ridiculous amount.
banger
Yair is going to turn Volk into a wrestler.
Volk should dominate him on the ground and cruise to a victory, BUT Yair is game af and is the most creative standup fighter so you can never count him out. He could always get some ridiculous KO. Volk’s striking defense is pretty elite but we saw Islam show that he’s hittable and Yair can spark anyone with the right strike. Plus Yair could get lucky like with the Ortega fight, ya never know . Even tho I don’t think Yair deserved to be interim champ, I think this is a good fight
I love my Mexican brother, but I think it will be a clear decision for Volkie.
Going to be a war great match up but i got volk
Not the fight I wanted to see. I thought Volk beat Islam and I wanted to see it again. Volk finished strong and I think in a rematch he would take it decisively.
Don't shoot me but what's it mean to be a unification bout here?
Yair struggled with Zombie's pressure and kept stopping to high five whenever Zombie started building momentum. Volk isn't gonna play that game.
Good for Yair but Alex will win effortlessly
No way is volk getting KO’d. not yet at least
Think this is Volks toughest matchup. Really can’t see him beating Yair in standup and Yair’s to much of a submission threat to wrestle. Think we might be getting a “and new” sadly as much as I love Yair. Love Volk even more.
I feel like this is the end of an era for Volk, might be wrong, but i have feeling that he is gonna get finished.  I know people say oh Volk chin this and that, Whittaker has great chin but when you fight somebody like Izzy or Yair you just don't know where the punch is coming from and you won't see it therefore not ready for impact.  Also recent going up in weight and going down, i believe this is the end.
Booooooring
Yair looked great, but emett also badly rung his bell. If emett can do that then you've got to imagine a striker as technically as volk will be able to consistently find his mark. Add on to that the fact that volk will most likely use his wrestling to upset yairs rhythm and I think it'll be a fairly dominant win volk, yair is always dangerous though.
Only thing is it seems a bit quick of a turnaround. Yair said he doesn’t remember the Emmett fight. He got clocked twice by massive punches. Volk also got rocked by Islam a couple times. I guess it evens out, but could see either guy getting chinned easier than normal
Yair couldn’t beat max, I don’t see a good end for him
He looked good but he was also a bad matchup for Emmett, who is prbly 1 or 2 fights away from retirement.   Volk is a bad matchup for everyone.
I think Volk will win pretty easily tbh
War inc
Volk going to come out jab/boxing then try to push/clinch Yair against the cage and beat him up there.  Going to be interesting to see if Yair can damage him with kicks early and then stop that clinch  I'm def not picking against Volk at 45 but Yair is the best kicker in the division and Volk actually hasn't really faced that threat besides Aldo and he was already kicking less by then  Maybe Volk gets easy takedowns though
Alex should win, but Yair has been a fucking buzzsaw. I'm gonna throw a few bucks on Yair by KO even though I think Volk should win.
Yair is definitely good enough to make it competitive but Volkanovski's fight IQ is one of the greatest ever. He is constantly studying his opponents and making adjustments.
Volk is going to give him the Frankie Edgar treatment
Volk is on the edge of 35 and his speed and movement is a huge part of his game. At some point age will start playing a factor no matter how good you are.
I completely agree. I think this fight will really put another nice stamp in volks legacy if he can pull off a win.
> but Yair is the definition of having that dog in him  That's literally Volk, though. If that's Yair's best trait it's still below Volk's.
I just can't forget that Yair/Edgar fight and with Volk's wrestling it's hard for me to not see him doing the same thing to Yair.   Yair has gotten a lot better since then, but that wasn't even prime Frankie and this version of Volk is world's better than that version of Frankie Edgar.
I don't think there's a single featherweight that gives Volk trouble now. After what he showed against Islam he looks unbeatable
Max was able to drag Yair into deep waters with his cardio, you can't do that dynamic kicking for 5 rounds without slowing down. And Max was able to take down and hold down Yair, Volk's wrestling is at least a level above max's.
You think so? I didn’t see that dog when Frankie Edgar and kz beat up on him
Mexican stand up karate
Dana has already said both Islam and Volk need to defend their respective divisions first before a rematch. I think lightweight contenders are awaiting their next moves pending the outcome of Oliveira vs Dariush
I don't think Volk should be able to get another shot at the LW belt without winning a fight at LW first.
October is such a long time from now. Really wish they would let Islam fight again either in July or before since that should still allow him time to recover and prepare for the Abu Dhabi card.  Same with Khamzat who didn't even take any damage in his last fight months ago. Khamzat waiting a year to fight again when he didn't even break a sweat will be so stupid.
Fuck it let’s have a triple title fight card and throw the lightweight belt fight in there too
Rener Gracie
Volk by wrestlefuck… Holloway had to resort to wrestling and was having plenty succes. Volk is a way better wrestler so if he’s getting outclassed on the feet he can always wrestle his way to victory.
Based
No shot
Watching Usman lose 2 in a row when he was dominating everyone for years has me a bit concerned. Alex's been grinding for years now against tough competition.
I feel the opposite, I don't think Yair has any shot outside of a wild fluke KO. He looked unimpressive against Josh
Jones agreed to July, Stipe is probably the one holding it up, at this point just let Jon fight the winner of Pavlovich - Blaydes, much more interesting matchup and the timeline makes sense, April 22 to July 8 is 10 weeks to prepare
It’s international fight week and one of the biggest heavyweight fights ever … anything less would feel weird
Yair gets smushed into oblivion. Max went D1 on Yair with 3 from 5 Takedowns and 7 minutes control time.
Volk is gonna beat yairs ass like a drunken stepdad
and Yair's flying knees, he caught emmet clean with it and emmet managed to eat it somehow but when volk comes in for his combinations there's a lot of danger
July is international fight week in Vegas
What does spectacular mean? Kumaru was in another dimension staring at the lights, Izzy was wobbling his head, staring at the floor, and Volk was mounted on Islam like he was his personal bee-yach.
Yair fought for an interim title at the 145 division when Volk fought Islam for the 155 title. It’s a placeholder title for the #1 contender spot when it’s expected a Champion can’t fight for awhile.  In my opinion it was kinda dumb to have one for the 145 but I suppose if Volk had beaten Islam, he would probably want to hold down 155 so it would have made sense.   Volk is the real and proper Champ at 145, Yair’s belt is a fancy way of saying he gets the next shot.
I just can't see volk losing yet man
Tbf Emmet also hits like a fucking truck, by all accounts Yair has a great chin. Zombie and Max found their mark a lot but neither ever really hurt Yair on the feet
On the flip side, Volk got dropped multiple times vs Max and Islam. If Volk struggles getting caught by them, then a clean elbow/knee/kick by Yair will put Volk in A LOT of trouble. All it takes is one!
What do you mean "If Emmett can do that?". Rofl, he's a good figther who hits HARD as hell.
I think emett hits way harder
Emmett badly rung Yair's bell?? i don't remember Emmett landing anything memorable
I think that the lesser weight cut of Volk for his 155lb fight might tilt it in his favor. Less water cut = less brain damage?
I would like to see it but I think yair is gonna get punished, the frankie fight is still fresh in my mind
I just hope Yair improves his tdd. I want to see a competitive fight.
I could see it going similar to how Max/Yair looked. Yair does way better than expected and his stock rises, but Volk wins by convincing UD
I’m expecting to Volk to pressure him to put him on the back foot so it’s harder for him to kick, clinch, and look for takedowns. Yair is tricky though and Volk needs to watch out for knees and head kicks as the shorter fighter.
Yeah I don't see how that isn't a more universal opinion. It's not like Yair has shown dramatically improved TDD since then - even Max landed a handful of takedowns against him. And Volk has shown plenty of times before that he'll use his wrestling as much as he needs to when the matchup dictates.
He looked incredible against Islam, you really think he’s gonna suddenly regress in the next 3 months?
I think he’s got a solid 2 mayyyybe 3 years left before we see a drop off
It seems that way, but if there's anything you learn watching MMA it's that no one is unbeatable. Especially over a long enough time scale.
the deepest of wadders
I mean you gotta factor in that Yair definitely didn’t go into that fight expecting Max of all people to wrestle him.
Pulling out a win at the literal last second in a fight you were down in doesn’t constitute having “that dog”?
Surely getting beat up for 25 minutes but still knocking your opponent out in the last second is the definition of having that dog in you??
Did you watch the korean zombie fight? Thats possibly the worst example of him not being tough lmao. He absorbed a lot of damage and was losing sorta badly but still rallied to get a KO at the end
I definitely saw that dog when he knocked KZ the fuck out
Isn't it Mexican Ground Karate lol
If arnold beats max then you've got to think it'll be him vs volk next. If max wins then you've got to think the division kind of stagnates.
Dana says a lot of things
Agree. U only get 1 free title shot in a diff div. 155 is too stacked to have a guy basically cut the line twice. All he has to do is beat 1 top 5 155er. Similarly Izzy would need a 205 win to challenge for that belt again. Even Shev should need a 135 win
Disagree. After Dariush I would rather see a rematch than any other fight. I think they'll fight early in the year again and after that the winner of Gaethje Poirer gets their shot
As long as you’re still dominating your current division I don’t really see a problem in getting title shots a rank up
It will all depend on Volks performance, if it’s a competitive decision win against Yair, I don’t think the UFC gives him a shot at LW unless he permanently moves up.
Really? I thought Ortega trains with Rener?
Ouch dude is going to lose his purse just on coaching cost.
You think he looked unimpressive against Emmett? That’s actually interesting I thought he looked great he dominated the stand up and as soon as it went to the ground he subbed him
What I wrote is pretty straightforward. How were you able to misinterpret it that much?
Agreed. Emmet is built like a tank, wide fucking back n shit. I was very impressed Yair dismantled him.  Crazy the lines are this wide but understood since Volk is a pound for pound champ for sure.  I don't know if I smell an upset but I think Yair going to give Volk a hard fight.  Ultimately I see Volk by decision. Fingers crossed nobody pulls out and they both healthy come fight night.
Didn’t Yair say he doesn’t remember anything from like one particular punch to before he put Emmet into that triangle?
The real scary factor is that volk hits much faster than both those guys. And definitely hits harder than max.  Volk is a beast
Is Emmet the hardest hitting 145er? When he hits people they don't fuckin move!
I always thought of Yair as a flashy, entertaining fighter but not made of stern enough stuff to contend for the belt.  And I was wrong. His chin has held up pretty well and he's wrecked some solid names. I'd be surprised if he wins here but damn if he didn't turn out world class.
Zombie won every second of that fight but the last one?
Both Max and Zombie were beating him though.
Islam has deceptively heavy hands at a higher weight class, Islam probably hits harder than 99% of FWs. And Volk got dropped by a head kick by Max that was perfectly timed and he recovered from it well.
I don't remember Volk ever getting rocked v. Max.  In any case,  good excuse to watch those great fights again.  I also need to watch the emmit v Yair fight. Thought his pressure would smother Yair.  Since he by all accounts handled it well, curious too see how Volk would manage. Albeit a much higher level striker than emmit.  From where I stand now, I think Yair is a more well rounded and creative striker than max and perhaps is better at using his range (if for nothing else the kick heavy attack).  I can see him picking volk off in range and punishing with elbows on the clinch.  But if anyone is adept at getting in and out, it's volk..... Long story short I can see it going either way. But think yairs momentum may be the difference maker.  Such a great fight, looking forward to it.
Chad also hurt him.
Islam is an elite grappler and striker. You can't really compare him to Yair.
Yair said in an interview he doesn't remember anything after emett first landed clean.
Feels like a decade ago
He should improve his wrestle up and wall walk as well. Dude seems contented to lay on his back and play the guard game like it’s 2010. He may have caught emmet with a triangle but volk is too smart for that shit like Holloway in his fight w yair.
Yair has looked feisty off his back in his last couple fights
Woodley looked his best ever imo vs Till and just 6 months later he looked old vs Usman and never won again  You really never know
Tbf, that's normal for aging fighters.  They move up and do well but struggle cutting lots of weight when they try to go back down.  Not saying that's the case with Volk, but it wouldn't be a huge shock if he struggled with making 145 after having bulked to 155, and not cut down to 145 in almost a year.  Remember part of Nunes's struggles in the first Pena fight were due to moving back down to 135.
Statistics say 34 is the peak for that division.   I’ll give him the benefit of being a natural freak athlete and his peak will be 35. As such, I don’t see him as anything less than a -275 favorite.  Edit: Caesar’s has him at -410, lol.
If he is natural, no way... even if he isn't natural... less to do with muscle and more to do with deterioration of bones & ligaments (it's inevitable just like wrinkles).   The way that can affect your mobility and recovery is crazy.
Show him the X-ray meme!!
He was dominated that fight.  He landed an elbow with 3 seconds left
Straight up
Volk Holloway 4????
I mean I'm 100% down for Max Holloway 4 but I'm still not emotionally over the tune up Max got last fight.
Dana probably doesn’t want the rematch anyways since Volk and his team said some stupid shit about steroids
Well, Shev just lost so yeah.
Honestly I'd like to see Volk vs the winner of Porier/Gaethje more than anything
Lol, so if Islam wins in Oct against winner of Charles & Benny, maybe he should challenge for 170 next? What kind of precedent are we setting?
Because its holding up LW for a guy who doesn't even fight at LW
I’m being sarcastic. Little bit of drama surrounding Rener right now, and Craig posted a video with a stray directs at Rener
Well it’s more imo that Emmett looked totally garbage. Nothing we saw from Yair that fight would make anyone change their mind about him vs Volk. He did good tho
Re-read my comment again.
He has a ninja turtle back. And the rib cage of a heavyweight
>Emmet is built like a tank, wide fucking back n shit.  Ninja turtle looking motherfucker
> And definitely hits harder than max.  He doesn't have the power Emmett carries though so you can't really compare the two.
I’m a big Zombie mark but that’s an exaggeration. KZ was winning majority of the fight but Yair had his moments…especially the last moment. It was a great fight even without the KO
I'm gonna sound like a nerd but technically the judges gave 1 round to Yair lol
The fight was officially 4-1 KZ and I personally had it 3-2 KZ. If you think KZ just rolled through Yair you didn’t watch the fight.
Did u forget the /s?
Max dropped him with an uppercut too but I don't think he stopped moving forwards haha.
Sure, his hands are heavier than at FW, but Yairs power shots aren't punches. He throws wild kicks and elbows, which I have to imagine have more power than punches even with the weight difference
Yair kicks harder than any of these guys....and he's a huge FW.  That Max caught him with a perfect kick is the issue....
Max also dropped him with an uppercut Round 2
Volk got dropped by a head kick by max in the 2nd fight. Then a uppercut if iirc. But he was able to recover quickly.
He got dropped I know at least once, I want to say twice but I'm not 100% sure in the second fight. But basically my thinking is, Yair throws some WEIRD shit.   It's basically impossible to dodge it all, so how will Volk handle it when he inevitably gets hit by an upward elbow from a fake ankle pick or something ridiculous like that? History says he goes down. Luckily for him he has insane recovery, but will Yair put him completely out before he even has a chance to recover?
That triangle probably completely reaffirmed his tendency to stay on his back for way too long lmao
Yeah if T-city can't sub him I don't see Yair doing it. However, you never really know haha.
Father Time not merely undefeated, but with the sneakiest combos.   Cable trip > CTE  Hand arthritis > knee/hip arthritis  USADA > losing streak  Endless combos
Volk isn't massively stepping up in competition though like Woodley did...if anything it's a big step down from Islam to Yair
Woodley also got distracted tho
how you gonna compare Till -> Usman to Islam -> Yair?  😂
'Natural' 👀
Everyone is different, statistics mean nothing case by case. Until volk has a slower win like Dustin did vs chandler, I'm all aboard the volk train.
Surviving and always looking for a finish is like the definition of being dawg doe.
I dont seem to follow what you are trying to say. Getting beat up but managing to tough it out and come back is exactly what having a dog in you is
Saturday night we get to find out.
No thanks. The only realistic outcomes are Volk winning or Volk Holloway 5 and I just don't want that
I think think Volk has levelled past Max at this point. They were very close when they first fought, but in the last fight, Volk was slightly quicker in every aspect.
I’d watch that fight as many times as they will make it
Volk starches Max in the 1st this time
IV dude not steroids
>maybe he should challenge for 170 next  Islam suggested that after Usman vs Edwards and the same people who said hes a weight bully went crazy that he had the nerve of calling for a TS when he "just lost to a fw" lol
Key word here being still. I.e. if he beats Yair, Islam beats contender x, then a rematch makes perfect sense for later in the year
Thanks for the background. Totally out of the loop.
He does have accuracy and timing tho
He doesn't need that power because he's a better striker overall. Combine it with his obvious advantage on the ground and unless yairs kicks work he's fucked.
Yeah man I'm just stirring the pot.    How you feel about Santos losing to a Freddie Mercury look alike?
Nerd out dude
They released score cards?
Yeah, just robbed his balance for a second since he didn't see it coming. Wasn't like it nearly put him out.
Its really unlikely he catches an elusive seasoned vet like volk with a spinning attack
talkin bout cha money mendes b ???
My head says Volk, but the heart says Yair.  Will be a fun one either way
Woodley was an underdog on some books to Till and abconsidtent favorite over Usman.   Bottom line is we just dont really know. Tons of big brains will be marching around here if Yair wins saying "what do you expect from someone who got dropped by someone who was KO'd by Adriano Martins" and then go on about how Yair beat Emmett and how Emmett is Volk light or some shit because they're both short muscled bald men.   There's always gonna be some know it all on here saying they were right but fact of the matter is if Yair wins clean there won't be an easy way to look at it objectively if Volk looks bad. In MMA people tend to seemingly fade overnight.   Volk by whatever tf he wants btw
I didnt you just suck at reading
He seems like a freak athlete like Francis to me. I believe he's natty, but you never truly know
We're looking into it
Would it be that surprising if both end up happening
Which literally turned out to be true lol
Thats still holding up LW. the winner of Charles-Dariush and Porier-Gaethje both deserve title shots before him
Its best that way. BJJ is quickly becoming WWE/MMA levels of drama
BuT pOwEr iS aLl tHaT mAtTeRs   (I love Tyson's quote about technique)
Realized after I posted that your tag line is probably talking about Santos over Valintina, not Santos over Jones from 100 years ago.
https://mmajunkie.usatoday.com/2018/11/photo-scorecard-chan-sung-jung-on-way-to-win-over-yair-rodriguez-ufc-denver
Somehow both Max (stationary boxer with occasional kicks) and Islam both managed to catch him. Pretty sure Max also flash dropped him with a cross or uppercut at some point.  If a mf can catch Volk, it's him, he can match Volk on speed and trade blow for blow.  It's only in the grappling department where Volk really has a clear cut path to victory.
TIL Yair hasn't been catching seasoned vets
I mean true in the moment but in hindsight we know Usman was a way better fighter than both of them, hence why he said a step up in competition
you said woodley didn't look better after till and with usman he looked old....  You said that in response to the dude who said Alex looked great against Islam.  Sounds like lol you have trouble with logic.
Like tittysanya?
Must be that good Aus countryside air that is helping him get faster and 25 minute cardio in a grapple heavy match at 34.
Based on what?
I feel like I wanted to change my flair for 4 years now.   Edit: It is Santos over Jones actually but I have a new alibi thanks
Yair isn't the guy that can trade with volk that's actually arnold allen. Yair can throw these big kicks against slow boxers that march towards him slowly, that's not volk.   Yair is going to come in with a gameplan of scoring points with smart body kicks and leg kicks while trying to neutralize's volk's boxing with his footwork. He's not going to go off with flying knees and spinning attacks. It's a smart gameplan I just think volk is too high level for yair to pull that off.
We are still "in the moment" for ysir lmao
Islam, ASADA, and Ali
> ASADA  Carne Asada is not cheating, its just delicious
I see the Photoshop intern got a 0.2% bonus increase from the WWE merger
Look at the UFC putting in some fucking effort into one of these for once
I'm looking forward to King Of Cringe versus Funkadactyl
Rare ufc poster w
Couple of better posters in a row now.  Waiting for the next 0 effort fight night one.
They managed to make a good poster, nice.
I hate Cejudo's mug but pretty decent poster.
Lol man I'm still bothered that Dariush took this fight. And that the UFC made it.
Why does cejudos arm look so tiny lmao
I hope Charles wins but I got a bad feeling beneil sleeps him
I thought the day will never come. Ufc released a poster that is not the most generic and cheapest possible design.
Oh nooo Oliveira😥😥😥
I hope Chucky reverts back to his terminator ways
Cringiest Motherfucker Belt
Great layout, great colors, T-T-Terrible job photoshopping that arm onto Cejudo. Why can't he just be staring menacingly, it's fine without the point.
Also with the lightskin stare lmao
So bummed I'll be missing this and the OneFC event, stupid vacation :(
excited to see Du Bronx return!
Pretty good poster, UFC has been doing a better job lately
I hope cejudo is still good
I hope cejudo gets good ppv numbers
The shining
Pretty sure CCC has the largest head to body ratio of any fighter ever.
Maybe the result of the wwe merger is the ufc doing higher effort promo
Cejudo Cejudo. Can't wait
If beneil doesnt get a title fight after this we dhould all boicot ufc
They should make Dariush and Oliveira a five rounder
Cejudo's baby arm lol
actually pretty good
You know…. if I use strong imagination, I can visualize Henry’s nose as a dick and balls. If I continue to use strong imagination, Henry’s nose is where Aljo’s dick would be. These poster designers are going all Disney on us!
Looks pretty good overall but that Cejudo arm is deep in the uncanny valley. Please tell me it's a shop.
Cejudo vs Cejudo is gonna be fire
What a shit poster
woooo this one is a good one
Can you imagine if ufc started fanart poster competition. Every winner gets two tickets to event their poster won.
I’m looking forward to seeing what a Cejudo that trains with DJ can do
NJ stand up
Honestly, these new UFC fight posters are fire 🔥
Olivera and Dariush better be a fucking title shot eliminator.
Wow!!!! It’s actually a solid poster! I bet that intern is making UFC fighter money now
Cant wait for Oliveira vs Dariush
Oliveira Dariush is such a great fight to make. Very excited
Nice poster
Makes Henry look like the champ, not Aljo.
This poster makes cejudo look like he’s 5 feet tall….. wait…
Lazy ass poster
Who gets title shot first, Dariush or What’s his name?
People like this poster and at first glance it’s really good compared to the rest but so many proportions are off. Cejudos arm looks jank af and beniel looks to be twice the size of olive based on pecs alone. Maybe his pecs are outrageous irl but he seems like he’s on his knees close to the camera while olives pic is far away from camera. Like chuckys elbow is at Dariushs bicep and their shoulders are basically level. Also at first glance sterling looks fine but then the more you look the more uncanny valley his head gets too.   Man I really felt like I went crazier the more I looked at this thing sorry
Ufc is soon dead
Can't they just pay an artist outside of the org to do posters? Even though this is fresh, it still feels the same as all the rest
Damn this one is the one y’all like? I’m a usual UFC poster enjoyer, but I don’t love this one haha
When was the last time we had a bantamweight title fight headline a PPV? Was it Cejudo vs Moraes? Feels like a lifetime ago
awful
I’ve always loved a yellow and black fight poster.
something about henry cejudos proportions just aint right
God I hope the king of cringe wipes the floor with aljo
someone gotta walk out to faneto in new jersey
Is Oliveira v Dariush gonna be a 5-rounder?
Benny and Charles look like they're about to fill out their tax returns. Given how expressive Oliveira is, they could have chosen a better picture for the bottom part.
Man Benny and Charles are both my boys. I hate to see either of them lose but I suppose chucky already had his time as champ and so it'd be nice to see Benny get the dub.
Triple C by eye poke confirmed
Wait, this is a few weeks away..? I thought contracts weren’t signed with Cejudo and aljo?
I got $100 that Cejudo takes the L.
Daruish is about to make easy work out of Oliveira
Cejudo vs. Cejudo
Sweet. Going to bed after co main
Looks like alho fighting himself   Cejudo doing a signings for fans  And only Benny versus Charlie as a fight
daruish should of sat out now his gonna lose his shot to chucky
Holy crap Cejudo has raptor arms.
Look at that giant dumbass bitch face in the middle of the poster. Terrible design.
This one actually interests me. I think Aljo is championship caliber and Cejudo is a legend. I imagine Charlie Olives will get back in the win column but Dariush is a savage. This might be worth the $264.99 the PPV will cost by then.
This is gonna be the first beneil fight I’ve seen people say he could beat Islam so I’m excited to see how he performs
Looks like piracy is back on the menu boys 🏴‍☠️
The graphic design is great but it honestly looks like Oliviera vs Dariush will be followed by two solo performances lol.
[Poses inspired by the UFC 270 poster](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0035/4274/5152/products/UFCENV0092_1024x.jpg)
Where’s this one at
I hope dariush win ☦️☦️☦️☦️🤍❤️💙🤍💙❤️🤍
Worst ppv of the year
Awesome poster. Cejudo's head probably isn't quite big enough, but other than that it's great.
Everyone is praising this poster but honestly it is bothering me. Why does Aljo's head look like it is abnormally large for the size of his body? Cejudo's face also looks a little strange and lifeless.
It’s good, but not super unique or anything.  It’s the actual embodiment of a 7/10
Why did they give CCC Hasbullah arms lol
Where's Eric Albarracin? He's always with CCC
8/10
.2% that's generous.
cejudo's hands kinda look weird to me
Aljo is cringier than Cejudo
Lowkey the last couple ones have been fire   Haven’t seen a REALLY bad one in a minute
Eh didn't see Sterling's name at first, looked like "CEJUDO v CEJUDO"
Probably edwards vs Colby each with an Usman arm
What you don’t like guys who go overseas to hang with the homies? Who knew
Big ol’ messican head front and center.
If he wins this there is absolutely not argument against him fighting Islam next, but the way the UFC works anymore he could win forever and not get a shot and I wouldn’t be surprised
If he loses this fight he’s fucked. Never gonna sniff a title shot after.
Yeah it sucks. I'm hoping Dariush comes out with a victory and little/no damage so we can see Islam vs Dariush some time this year, but it seems unlikely
They screwed him just like they are screwing belal
He has 1 good win vs Gamrot. That's it. And absolutely zero name recognition. It's kind of a no brainer from all sides
I can't stand Dariush and Olives is my favourite, so it's either going to be really good or really bad.
Good, stay bothered
Do you not want to see fun fights or something?
That’s Usman’s arm
You know Cejudo is tiny right?
It’s surely a composite
You don't have Internet connection wherever you're going?
Shavkat has a Bigfoot Silva tier skull
Benavidez
Gastelum would like a word
Either Shavkat or him yeah
My thoughts exactly...I feel like that is a main event fight honestly...but maybe they feel like it would not even go past the 3rd round...
Henry is the real champ
How does Henry look like the champ in this poster lol?
Volk is literally one inch taller sub but triple C gets endlessly ragged for it. 5'4 to 5'5 is the new 5'11 to 6'0 I guess
What tf are you smoking, the UFC and MMA in general have been growing in terms of viewership for some time now.
I was thinking aljo till you mentioned aljo lmao
Cejudo looks like he's going to fight me with Algae as backup.
Probably because they used Usman's hand
It's his short baby arms that make it look off. And how they cut out the bottom half.. But mostly baby arms
It still looks good, it doesn't ruin the poster, but it would certainly be better without it.
Cejuda looks weird all the time. It's ok.
doesn't matter how the hand looks lol
Photoshopped fer sher
They're debuting the new gloves soon! I think they're naturally curved now and Cejudos hand is bending it
They shoulda used his cringe flexing pose he's known for
It's actually Jon Jones' hand photoshopped onto cejudo
Looks like derick Lewis fist to me
I think you mean Cejudo Cejudo
This might be the wildest MMA take I’ve ever read, Triple C is the cringiest man alive
probably got rid of their drug testing policy ... for real, how are you gonna hire good artists and drug screen them?
Cejudo vs Cejudo has been the real fight all along
i really wanted Yair to have the Usman arm in the Volk fight announcement
Rey Mysterio is challenging next
He could get an injury in the fight.
Ok
Is just rather not deprive ourselves of Islam vs Dariush, which is the most interesting matchup for the champ right now and a better fight that could already easily be made right now as is.
It’ll be like 3am I’ll try to avoid spoilers and watch it later I guess
Volk doesn’t act like cejudo I think that’s the difference lol . Whenever cejudo talks he just reminds you he’s short
Zzzzzzz
He looks like he's in an Epic Rap Battles of History video
Hahaha
It looks like midget arms.
Nothing is more cringier than mr "I eat my shit whole!"
Triple C has the fake cringe . Aljo has the real/fake cringe .
It feels like Cejudo is acknowledging and riding with the cringe now. Self-aware cringe is so much more forgivable than genuine cringe.
Colby easily
Cringiest man alive is definitely the kid I went to school with named Mark Mccloud he called himself a god of art and has a YouTube video of a million views of him getting beat up plus he was a pathological liar weird ahh kid
did they actually drug test their creative team? bruv
“Listen, Beneil has a good streak going, but Rey had a great showing against his son last weekend. Hard to not give a guy a shot at the title when he looked that good. Plus the masks are good merch”
Michael Johnson.
Aljo definitely knows what he’s doing and it’s my favorite aspect about him. Dude fortnite danced after proving the doubters wrong and he knew it would irk the ire of the mma community.
nah, its all the same, why is pretending to be cringe if you're not actually not cringe? if anything its extra tacky too
Why is that
Usman is definitely more cringe than Colby
That's a weirdly specific amount of personal information
Hey man. They gotta make sure their graphic design comes from skill, not roids. /s
His next fight will be against Aljo because we want a champion that will fight anybody, anytime.
Yeah fuck that kid he was and still is a raging dick head he’s got several videos of him getting Beat up on the net how ur 0-3 on YouTube is beyond me but he’s always been the problem
Rent free
I mean I’m not the one with 3 Ls on the internet for antagonizing people. Gotta think if you’re getting into that many fights and losing especially gotta look in the mirror. I grew up with the kid he just was not a good person lol he’s like Charlie zelenoff.
He doesn't even think about you
 😂 bet he thinks about that kick to the face that racked up a million views , idk why you so mad lol he’s a pos who harasses people . you must be the town loser too probably can relate to harassing women and peoples girlfriends.
"Title Contender Israel Adesanya" still looks so weird, man. I genuinely forget sometimes that that's what he is now.
At least he didn't get put out cold like Usman but I agree it is too soon to come back.
*shook* \- the psychological factor here is hard enough coming off **three loses**, but imagine also finding out your coach *didnt want this* only a few days before the fight!  must say I was surprised to see pereira vs izzy on embedded, cant believe they are doing this again so soon
I haven't heard the Eugene Bareman statement yet, but mans does prioritizes fighter safety above everything (for good reason given on what happen to him). Probably a mix of wanting Izzy to recover and improve more.
Im not sure the actual statistics, but it seems more rare for a Champion who loses a fight like that comes back to win the immediate title rematch. The only ones I can really think of in MMA are GSP and Amanda Nunes (Im sure there are others). The list that goes the other way is long.
Can't help but think Izzy is losing on Saturday
In this interview Bareman says he changed his mind   https://youtu.be/a5lzR3o2MI8
If that is true, then the issues at CKB have not settled down and it is not looking good for Izzy
Israel Adesanya is genuinely shocked to hear this info.. Look at his eyes
"What do you think about this statement?"  "I don't know. Ask him."  Lol.
Doesn't bode well for his mental game at all.  Pereira in the third.
I am not a fan of Eugene Bareman but I completely agree with his position. Not only from a medical standpoint but also from a mental & skill perspective. There is a reason Adesanya keeps loosing to Alex in the manner he does - he needs to figure that shit out. And this is not a lot of time to actually fix the holes and make the adjustments he needs to make. Adesanya has been fighting for so long that to make any meaningful adjustments to his muscle memory takes a heck of a lot longer than what he’s given himself. Unfortunately I feel like Adesanya’s ego is driving this decision and I don’t know that he’s giving himself the best chance he could.
mma reporters always manage to take interesting points and turn them into the most pointless questions.   "what went into accepting such a quick rematch instead of taking a little more time off?" would've gotten a lot more of a thoughtful response than "what do you think about this statement?"
Damn... he actually looks bothered by that. I wonder if it'll mess with his head
"I don't know. Ask him." Bro he is asking you. He just told you that his coach said he did not agree with the quick turnaround.
It's not he was shocked, just dismissive of the click bait media member misquoting Eugene. He said the turnaround was a bit quicker that what they had wanted. Which he has said before. Mother fuckers trying to make it read  like COACH THINKS ISRAEL IS NOT READY!
Israel seems mentally unprepared for this fight.   He has a chip on his shoulder and not in a good way.   I too think it’s too soon. I wouldn’t be surprised if he fought out his contract or retired at the end of this fight. Not dud to age but due to the end of his run, assuming he loses
I don't think he's that surprised, they had some kind of disagreement on approach before
"Idk ask him"   ok   "Eugene, what does Adesanya think about the comment you made?"   lmao
This never crossed my mind until now, but this Brazilian journalist is definitely sided with Poaton. I wouldn't bet against them using these tactics in the future to psych out opponents, and bending the truth to make a question seem even more outlandish in the future.
I'm going to fully ignore the bandwagon till someone finds that comment.
Damm, he actually looked annoyed lol.
I think it will be like Usman vs. Edwards 2 and Alex will just look better than Izzy throughout the whole fight.
The reddit psychologist are killing me in these comments, lol.
Izzy is getting KO'd again and I don't think he'll be the same. Alex is going to change his entire life.
Eugene said that about a month ago. In an interview Eugene had a few days ago, he said camp turned out swimmingly because of the hunger of a quick turn around
Eugene Bareman has always been very blunt and honest about the decisions his fighters make. I remember that he said he was against Dan Hooker moving back down to 145, he said that he didn't think that Volkanovski needed to fight Holloway for a third time and he also felt that Volkanovski should have had more title defences at 145 before challenging for the 155 title.
"What do ***you*** think about this statement?"  "... I dunno. Ask him."  Nailed it.
Way to sell a fight!
From what I understand, most major sports leagues try to create some sort of parity. Even if it’s just a couple of teams at the top.  I like to see a strong ever changing Top 5 in each division. It’s fun as hell and makes you appreciate the long reigns that much more.   I’d like to think that in a few years that some divisions will be able to market a Top 20 as the depth continues to accumulate. Hell, tennis has people ranked in the 100’s and it’s fun to watch people make the jump into the spotlight. UFC is well on its way!
Apparently it wasn’t even Eugene
Izzy was dominatting that whole fight until he got TKO'd.
Rofl what if this dudes just from Brazil and wants alex to win so he just made that shit up
This is not even true. Not Euguene who said this lol stop writing fanfiction in the comments
Idk Izzy was an active champ and is a really active fighter. I get wanting to run it back asap. The longer he takes away from this fight the more I think his mental game gets broken down.
Guy surrounded by yes men is surprised to hear someone say no.
I have a hard time believing that Izzy and Eugene didn’t have a conversation about this when the rematch was being signed
While Izzy lost, I think a lot of people forget he almost slept Alex in the earlier rounds (1 or 2?) and was easily saved by the bell.  While Izzy is 0-3 it doesn't mean he can't win or doesn't have a chance.
Last year Eugene was publicly talking about how he wanted Izzy to take a year off after fighting Poatan at MSG, and that was with the assumption that Izzy would win.   Strange that Izzy seemingly hasn't heard this from Eugene himself at some point.
sleep time
“185 title contender”… just say Isreal Adesanya…
Damn, that question had him frozen like Elsa
Yeah, the quick turnaround was all Israel bravado and bruised ego. Funny thing is, Israel can beat Pereira with room to spare, if he gets over the mental hurdle he's created for himself.
I did find it surprising that he wanted to come back in April instead of just waiting one more month for UFC 288. Could have easily headlined that one as well, but with an additional month of recovery and/or prep.
I really hope Izzy wins, don't ask me why
Lame attempt at media drama.
I always agree against quick turnarounds if it's a knockout or a bricks beaten off situation. Look at who was it, Stipe iirc. Went from getting knocked out cold to coming back with an iron chin because he gave it that little extra time. Garbrandt as well. Diego too I think. Time off is proven to help.
Guarantee if he loses that he’ll leave CKB. Eugene seems like the only one in that camp that knows the stoppage was good, and now this, I can see Izzy being butthurt about it
 Holy fucking shit he just ruined Izzy’s confidence.
He's dead
Israel going full Icarus; flying real close to the sun.
I'm going to start using "Turn Quick-around" from now on.
Izzy is the cringe king!!
Maybe something his coach should have told him before signing the fight, and definitely not in the lead up to the fight. Wtf
Media members like to sir the pot. I'd like to hear it from Eugene first before I think there's anything going on
MMA is such a weird sport man. Just half a year ago both Kamaru and Izzy felt like miles ahead against the rest of their division. Now if Izzy loses again, both him and Usman wouldn't even be close to challenging for the title.
Former champion is better phrasing
Even if factual- This title was made to be a little dig at Izzy.
Alex is so big that forgot he’s fighting as a middleweight. Him staring down hill after the Glover fight doesn’t help my mind see reality. It’s insane how small Izzy looks next to him.
Seeing him taking pics with non-champion trunks was a trip
Weird, Israel seems like a newbie to me, compared to how long I watched *Jones, Silva, Mouse, and GSP hold those belts.
Bro just remember this is the new episodes of the anime that is his life. A new villain arrived that seems superior, be he gon prolly beat him and end up on top 😁
Iamthecaptainnow.gif
Damage is damage and even if he didn't get flatlined he still took like 6-7 unanswered clean shots leading up to the finish. And that's not even taking into account the damage he took throughout the fight in general.
I mean poatan took some damage as well. It's like kickboxing mentality here haha
They like being able to sell Poatan as champ right now, and they know absolutely any other contender is going to wrestle the belt away from him. So they probably backed up the Brinks truck for Izzy to rematch this soon.
I also agree this fight feels too soon. I like both Poatan and Izzy. Hoping for a competitive fight. Worried Izzy is full tilt rn and going to get wrecked.
You can argue Adesanya got it worse. He was eating those hands of stone for 5 rounds.  Kamaru was getting hit but Leon has pillow hands
He looks stressed and tense, for sure he is hiding insecurity under his bravado. He is under intense pressure because if he will lose this fight it will be over, he will always be Pereira's son. And he kinda set the trap for himself by acting from ego and looking down at Rob. He reaps what he sowed
It’s been 5 months. Not discounting what you guys are saying but I think he will be okay. Not saying he will win but I don’t think he will get “out colded” due to the damage from the last fight. Damn time flies in life and especially in this sport we love
I was shocked in February when I was this fight was scheduled
Especially cause Izzy himself said he was going to take time off, at least implying more time than usual. This was a quick ass turnaround even if he didn’t say that lol.
Eugene said on the MMA hour that Izzy took the fight so soon because he didn't want anyone else to beat poatan before he did. Rumours were flying that he might fight Jamahal hill or khamzat so Izzy was keen to take the fight
They like being able to sell Poatan as champ right now, and they know absolutely any other contender is going to wrestle the belt away from him. So they probably backed up the Brinks truck for Izzy to rematch this soon.
Coming off 3 losses??? What???  How is this upvoted lol
He said it on the MMA Hour a while back
Yep.  I agree with his coach.  Should have let somebody else face alex. He would be guaranteed a shot at Alex if Alex won the next fight or not
What happened to him?
Eugene Bareman comes across as a genuinely good guy who cares about his fighters/pupils. He has put together a great team/camp of fighters and are on the cutting edge when it comes to fight tactics and strategy but he is not about making the most money at the expense of his fighters' health.
I also just think he’s not a fan of short notice rematch’s in general because he doesn’t think it’s enough time to adjust his guys to their style. I remember him not being happy with Volk max two so close together after the first one
Eugene isn’t a fan of immediate rematches in general but I think the damage and time off also plays into his opinion
[https://www.ufc.com/news/history-former-champions-getting-immediate-rematches](https://www.ufc.com/news/history-former-champions-getting-immediate-rematches)  Only 3 in modern era according to this
GSP fought Hughes and Koscheck before fighting Serra the second time, but Lennox fought Rahman like 6 months after being ko'd by him and won the rematch by ko. Its seems building back up with wins against different fighters is a good plan.
Cain, figgy, Moreno, nunes
In the GSP and Nunes instances, there is such a clear skill gap between them and their opponent. Their initial losses are mostly seen as flukes.  The skill display in Izzy vs Alex was much closer. Izzy was winning most of the fight, but Alex was still doing well on the feet.
Historically, the instant rematch does not favor the guy who lost the first time.
It's so weird because he was winning the fight and he rocked Pereira twice. So he has the ability to win, he has the ability to hurt Pereira but that power factor on Potans side is such an equalizer. I really hope Izzy changes his gameplan because if he just strikes I feel it's a matter of time before he gets KO'd. I only see him winning if he mixes striking well and takes Pereira down.
He was winning and almost had a ko but psychologically the cards are stacked against him
I really, really hope so but I have a feeling it’s the opposite    He’s come so close multiple times and I just don’t see how Alex can keep finding the killshot. It wouldn’t surprise me if Izzy finishes him tbh
I want this but I think izzy is so talented he could still win
Yeah, everything seems to be against him. He did not need this a few days before the biggest fight of his career
I think so as well. I think he can clean out the division again as long as Poatan ain’t there. Guys too big and that’s ok lol
He is going to lose. He's going to lose because this guy beat him three times already, but he is also different and that's not good.  Izzy was always doing those dumb walkout things like carrying Jared's ashes, always some weird thing, and he changed for his UFC fight with Alex. He has changed again now, his eyes look like a dude who just escaped from a mental asylum. I'm sure the situation has stressed him but not being his normal self, I think it's a bad indicator.
Honestly, I think he'll get knocked out going for a td
This should definitely be up on the page.  Bareman also alludes to trying to get Izzy to fight more like he did in the past, and I'm thinking he's meaning being a little more aggressive to find the finish, but even if I'm wrong, very interesting.
I think strategically it’s better to fight Pereira when he has the least amount of exp. Izzy to use his mma striking and grappling adv was at 281. He was only able to get 1/4 TDs. Now is the next best time. Based on Izzy’s top control in rd 3, he may think he can make more improvements than Pereira can
Bruv add a time stamp next time you link a video. I don’t want to watch 34 minutes of schaub just to find the comment
Never thought I’d care about drama at a kickboxing gym in New Zealand but here we are. Would you mind elaborating on the issues at CKB?
I dont think he’s shocked that Eugene disagrees, seems more angry that he said it publicly. There’s no way Eugene havent told Israel this before he accepted the fight.  Also who here actually thinks that Israel isnt capable of winning this fight? Im not a big fan of Israel but he was 10 sec short to finish Pereira in the first round last time they fought and he was winning it on the score cards. Only question is whether he recovered enough or not since the last fight. Imo, Izzy got beat up worse against Gastelum and he fought Whittaker 6 months later and looked phenomenal. I think he’s good to go for this fight.
that’s his look for every question
Have you watched the full interview yet?there were a lot of weird tells from izzy and it’s not looking good for his mental and confidence leading into this fight.He also either “pretends”to slip up about his wrestling game plan,or genuinely did and looked worried that he gave up his gameplan
Yes, Israel Adesanya is traumatized to hear this info…
> Israel Adesanya is genuinely shocked to hear this info.. Look at his eyes  I think Izzy knew it because I think Eugene said publicly immediately after the loss that he'd prefer to take plenty of time to recover & train right after the L.  I think Izzy just is more defensive and angry in general right now, and probably there is some friction because Izzy is so adamant the stoppage was bad whereas Eugene again is on the record saying he had no problems with the stoppage.  My guess is that they discussed this privately and Izzy gets his way because he's the man in the cage, but it pisses Izzy off to have others bringing up a sore point that he thinks should be private between coach & fighter (who are almost always friends & colleagues as well).
This guy’s clearly asking a question in a second language, so I think complaining about his wording is very harsh. He’s probably just keeping it simple because he’s nervous about creating one of those awkward moments where they have to repeat a question a hundred times because the fighter/Dana can’t understand them.
>"what went into accepting such a quick rematch instead of taking a little more time off?"  That's a different question than what was asked though. And personally, what the reporter asked is more interesting and revealing.
it also works to psych out opponents you're rooting against. you want your guy to win. so ask a leading question that makes the opponent question why he's even there.
It seems like nobody is seeing this. I do agree with you.
Retirement would be surprising. He’s always taken the hardest fights.  Even if he loses, he could be where whittaker and poirier are right now. Not champion but knocking on the door always.
The psychoanalysis here is just crazy
I don't think he'd retire right after this fight. That'd forever paint the narrative that Pereira really did chase him out of the sport and retire him. I highly doubt Izzy wants that to be how he is remembered. I think he'd take at least two more fights afterwards if not more.
what's up with this crazy idea that fighters retire once they lose one or 2 fights.  Didn't kevin lose his last fight, and yet he's still here fighting? Robert is still fighting. Marvin just fought recently.   Like, none of this guys retired. So what makes you think Izzy would?
He was on edge the whole interview tbh
He's had 3 fights to do that and hasn't. And that is no knock on him, he has the winning record. But I would be seriously surprised if the fight goes near as long as the last two have and he looks better throughout the majority of it. He just isn't the same fighter Izzy is, but he does have more power and the will of a demigod apparently.
Lol
So, ask his coach what Izzy thinks of his coach saying Izzy shouldn’t fight? Yeah, great comeback
Reminds me of when they asked him about the titty and his response to professional journalists was essentially “why do you care?”
I’d take any changing of the top 5 strong or not at this point, I’m tired of seeing the same old dudes get title shots directly after losses or after not fighting for over a year.. and the constant Guy vs Guy II and Guy vs Guy III.
>Guy surrounded by yes men is surprised to hear someone say no.   I get what you mean but Eugene Bareman is renowned for being the opposite of a yes man. Dude is bluntly honest and takes zero shit
I think you'd be surprised
no one forgot what happened in the fight and no one is saying he doesn't have a chance. He's the betting favorite to win.
Okay hitting someone hard at the last second of a round is not saved by the bell.   Alex made it back to his chair within 12 seconds of that hit at the very end of the first. He did not almost sleep him, and if they round was longer he probably wouldn’t of thrown that last second combo   Fighters hear the clappers at 10 seconds left to go and will sometimes throw wild stuff knowing the rounds ending.
People aren’t forgetting, the issue is that this happened in their second kickboxing match too, so now it looks like much more of a pattern than a one time “could have gone either way” situation. He definitely has a chance though.
I think most people just know that almost doesn't count.
Why?
drama with his own coach?
It’s a beautiful thing. Whenever fans think someone is invincible a challenger always rises up. This could be a hyped contender like Alex who was seen as the guy to beat izzy or more interestingly a guy who’s looked over like volk or leon edwards.
One interesting part of combat sports is that by nature, being notorious is bad for your longevity. To wear a belt is to wear a target.  I remember years ago just watching my potential opponents in sparring, practice, or other matches and just breaking down their tendencies and weaknesses with my coaches. And often, implementing a counter to that habit could be enough to cheese them.   Now imagine having the whole world watching you, recorded in multiple angles at HD 240FPS where every decision you make and every tell you (sometimes accidental, sometimes goaded into it) reveal in the public eye is immortalized in digital format and freely distributed. With data being collected and collated on your style, and with analysts, coaches, and gamblers all trying to figure out what makes you tick.   And with every opponent, the disparity between how well you've been studied and "figured out" grows between yourself and your opponents. At some point, they're going in with all the information in the world, and you're working with comparatively a lot less information to base your gameplan around. It's wild that fighters ever get long defense streaks at all.
i honestly love how fast it moves and how quickly it evolves
I think Izzy is still miles ahead of his division with Whittaker maybe 200 meters out.   The problem is they literally grabbed his kryptonite and fast tracked him to the top against zero grapplers lol.   What happened is basically unprecedented.
>Just half a year ago both Kamaru and Izzy felt like miles ahead against the rest of their division.  This felt significantly more true for Izzy than Usman tbh. Like Alex is champion right now because of his connection to Izzy, but if he was just a normal fighter who had that favorable matchup with him that he does and had to make it to the UFC title on his own he probably would have fallen short long before he got close to Izzy. With no Pereira, Izzy still looks like he's head and shoulders above the division because outside of Pereira, he mostly is. Usman on the other hand got into pitched battles with Colby and a dangerous shootout with Burns (the legit contenders he faced before Leon). He hasn't looked nearly as untouchable at Welterweight as Izzy has at Middle.
If Izzy loses he’s at most 2-3 fights away from another rematch maybe even 2 should he get a finish he’s still beaten most of the top 5 in a one sided fashion
Eh, in my opinion, Izzy is still miles ahead of the division, it's just that Pereira can have a kickboxing match with him and knock him out.
For Izzy though I still feel like he’s not that far if he looses. Say he looses and gets a win over anybody else, if Whitaker also beats Alex I could see Izzy getting the title shot next
Izzy would probably fight another mm, periera loses to a grappler, and I'm sure they'd give him another title shot? Not sure I understand that there is a limit to title shots if he's the best contender?
Ya. Divisions seemingly go from dead to exciting and back again within the time span of a few events.
And Francis and Oliveria!
Izzy and Rob were clearly on the same level.
Izzy was never miles ahead the division, he is really one dimensional. His kickboxing and how he uses it is top notch, but he truly has 0 wrestling. He has been exposed now a few times when he's fought guys with matching frame (= read guys his size)  Kamarus wrestling and cardio on the other hand are so good that they kind of allowed him to be sloppy in the striking department, buying him Time to develop as a striker. Too bad that Leon really seems to have cracked the Kamaru Usman code.
If Izzy loses surely he goes 205  ... which may actually be better anyway?
Izzy never looked miles ahead of his division ffs 🤦🏻‍♂️
Even in the fight, Israel looked miles ahead, up until the final round.
Let's see if Valentina wins the rematch  Honestly 50/50 to me
Another thing is that all the contenders specifically train to beat the champ  If you have 5 guys watching tape on Kamaru  and Izzy  One of them is gonna figure out a way to beat them  The champs have big targets on their backs, so it's hard to stay champ  This is especially true when there's a 6-10 year age gap.  The younger ones can use their pliable brains to figure out a new solution
Izzy definitely seemed a level above the rest. Not so much Kumaru, he had two close fights with Colby and was nearly KO’d by Burns
I tend to think this too but it's not that much different from NFL or baseball. There are clear new contenders within months and former champions look like they won't make the next playoffs.
People love to call champs “untouchable” and mention that it looks like they’ll hold the belt for “years”  Defending a ufc title is one of the absolute hardest things to do in any sport.
I don't really think the last part is true. Usman does seem to be slowing down a bit, but in theory we could definitely see Leon or Alex lose their belts in the near future and Usman and Izzy would be just a fight or two away from another title shot in that case.
i remember when ronda rousey looked unstoppable. and then holm kicked her in the face. after one fight she didn't look like she was even in the top 15 anymore.
Phrasing, Lanna!
Izzy didn’t hold the belt for a super long time but I feel like the entire time he’s been in the UFC it’s been as a champion. Seems like he burst onto the scene, won the belt immediately then stayed that way. He was also a super active champ so that changes my perception a bit
I agree. Merely saying that getting shadow realm is probably worse.
To play devils advocate, Izzy had Poatan wobbled badly in the first as well, that's a quick turnaround for that damage too then no?
Dude took way more than 6-7. Someone posted a slowmo in UFC or here yesterday and he took 15+
EmOtIoNaL dAmAgE!
Personally the stoppage is only reason why I think he even has a chance if Alex has put him out and they fought in this same time frame I’d bet the mortgage.
This is true but in this line of thinking shouldn't we worry about Pereira too?
Neither of them can wrestle, Khamzat or Bo Nickal could sub Izzy in one round all the same, let’s not act like he’s had to fight any wrestling specialists himself.
He really didn't get hit clean much aside from the 5th round. That flurry alone could be enough to take your chin though. No way to know until we see him take a clean shot.
Yeah eating those hands of stone for five rounds is a gross misrepresentation of their fight
I'm gue$$ing Dana had a $mall chat with him and Izzy decided it was the for the be$t.
I'm a pretty casual follower of MMA. I feel like these 2 fought yesterday, lol.
I feel like all the media he did after the lost probably fired him up to fight sooner and rectify the lost…
He was also talking about sorting out health issues, yet somehow here we are. Listening to Izzy after the fight, it really sounded like he wouldn't be next unless they shelved Alex for a year.
Something to consider is that Alex probably isn't going to be around at 185 much longer, if Izzy was to wait it out he might miss the boat.
Pereira has defeated Izzy 3 times if you include kickboxing.
are u dumb or what?
One of his fighters died shortly after getting KO'd
He got pummeled by 🗿
Damn, you're right. I thought GSP came right back and smoked Serra but he did fight those two first.  >Its seems building back up with wins against different fighters is a good plan.  Couldnt agree more, thats sort of what I was getting at.
Though there were over 2 years between Lewis-McCall 1 and Lewis-McCall 2...  I guess (aside from things outside the fighter's control, like contracts and governing bodies) it kind of depends what went wrong the first time. Against Rahman, it was pretty clear that Lewis wasn't taking that fight seriously, he got lazy, and he got KOed; so all he had to do was just *take it seriously*. So that didn't need much preparation.  Lewis-McCall, I don't know if it was his idea to not have the immediate rematch, but it actually made sense anyway: he decided he needed to change his style, he got a new coach, and took a year taking on lesser names before returning to top level opposition.
Chuck and Cain weren't immediate rematches, they both had fights between the original fight and the rematches. DC also fought Lewis in between the first two Stipe fights.
You also have Stipe, it was an immediate rematch for him, but Cormier fought Derrick Lewis in-between. Although it wasn't really "immediate" since it was more than a year between the fights.
Also statistically if you’ve lost three times already to the same guy, you’re probably losing again. The X factor is that if it goes to decision this time, even if Alex wins UFC might go for a Paddy/Gordon style fix for $$.
I'm not sure if history means a ton when there's really not that many examples and they're all pretty unique.
I got shat on pretty badly for saying this ahead of the Aljo-Yan rematch.
There is going to be much more D1 Izzy this fight for sure.
That left hook is so scary because it can genuinely end the fight at anytime
I just like when someone has someone else's number and there just can't anything done about it  So pereira flawless victories against izzy every time even though rest of division could beat Alex
It's a 5 round fight so the likelihood of getting touched is pretty high, especially against a comparable level striker with size advantage. That said I think the first fight boils down to leg kicks, if Izzy can avoided getting his legs fucked up this time he should get the dec.
I think so too. I don't know what else he could have meant by that
Eugene said some of the fighters, including izzy, were not listening to the coaches and doing thier own thing
Didn’t Eugene voice that he didn’t like Izzy moving up to fight Jan at LHW at that time and would have preferred if he did it later?
Everybody acts like this, that he was going to knock him out at the end of the first round.  Something that gets overlooked I’ve only seen mentioned here once or twice, is it seems like Alex thought the round was over and mentally/physically let his guard down and that’s why that shot wobbled him so much.   Nothing else seem to bother him the rest of the fight.
Yeah Izzy may have lost 3 times but he’s been very close to winning every time.   He’s had Perreira on the verge of being stopped in 2 of the fights so he clearly does have enough power to get the stoppage even if his power is nothing like Perreira’s.   I still think any fight between them is pretty close to a 50/50 even if Izzy has lost 3 times already.
Yeah I don’t think you can discount Israel considering how well he’s performing in these fights. People are acting like it’s impossible for him to win when in reality he’s been close to stopping Alex and beating him by decision multiple times.   If they continue fighting multiple times, I feel like eventually Israel is going to win
The unfortunate truth is, statistically, he can't win against someone he's lost to, 3 times already.  Just like how, no matter how much Cody improves, i don't think he can beat Usman. Or max just can't beat Volk  Alex is just that one guy Izzy can't beat.  Also psychology plays a really huge role in this things, and perhaps Izzy hasn't recovered enough mentally.  I think, he should have fought someone else fight. Get his groove back, then go back in.
Yeah this is the same angle of the “the favelas love me” clip and I found his wide-eyed facial expression really odd there. But it’s the same.
I think hes just stressed out honestly. He just wants to get in there and kill this dude, but he has to weight cut and do all this other bullshit with the media.  Its like the first time in his career he seems 100% focused. I hope he wins, tho i love poatan
Dude we hear this literally every Izzy fight week since the gastellum fight can we just stop psychoanalizing the dude cause neither of use are liscensed experts and none of us can read the guys mind
I mean he uploaded footage of his wrestling camp on his YouTube so he kinda gave it up already lmao
That mainly happens with Dana bc Dana is deaf and also hilariously bad at understanding anyone with an accent even if it’s from another English speaking country like England
I don't see Izzy taking that role. Too rich and too prolific. I don't think he'd retire off the Pereira loss, but if he lost one more I think he'd bow out
lol why are you people having such extreme opinions. Even if Alex beats him, he's probably moving up to light heavyweight anyway and in that scenario, Izzy would likely just reclaim the MW belt.
The hardest fights would’ve been guys that are a nightmare stylistically for him (credentialed wrestlers) of which he’s fought zero. Smaller/shorter strikers or jack of all trade fighters he can outpoint were his bread and butter, he lost to the only two guys he fought in UFC who were the same size or bigger than him.
Like Max.
Psychoanalysis, you will see what you want to see here
Yep, all or nothing. Black or white. Win or lose.     NO NUANCE
of course, that's the point of the question.
Invisibility really would make a champ hard to beat though   If that’s a superpower they get on receiving the belt I have to agree that it’s at least a 30% improvement   Maybe quite a bit more
This is why we can't call fighters like khabib wjo have a few title defenses the GOAT no matter how dominant they were, if Anderson Silva had retired just before his first loss the entire mma community would genuinely believe he was actually invincible,  and with good reason.
And this is why I'm sad Khabib had so few fights. He was dominant, sure, but so was Ronda Rousey until she fought enough.
Age, injury, stylistic matchups, or bad luck always get the best of you.
Except for “Bones” Jones unfortunately
Or Brandon Moreno. Went from an unsung top 10 staple to an absolute legend that no one could deny, while being one of the kindest, classiest people in the sport.
It’s like rock, paper, scissors. Some scissor comes in and cuts through all the paper and inferior scissors, and some rock shows up and fucks his reign up.   But some paper will show up and ruin his day by smothering him.
Holly Holm va Ronda is the best example of this
It's almost like it's some WWE storyli-... OH SHIT
This is true. Pereira's wrestling is suspect. Izzy had success against him in the first fight (MMA) and I think someone with better wrestling/grappling could have quite a bit of success against Pereira on the ground and possibly submit him.
Yeah, every fighter has someone that can beat them. It's getting that championship chance that's the hard part.  Then again, Izzy was calling for the fight so while I *absolutely hate* the stupid fast track and kind of "fake champ" that Pereira is (basically, champ until literally anyone that can wrestle well steps in against him), it's Izzy's own stupid fault. He should've belittled UFC for gifting someone a title shot when he had to work his way up to it.  "You want a shot? You earn it." would have been great.
Izzy himself was tracked to avoid grapplers on the way up, for the same reason. None of the guys he fought have wrestling credentials or could be called grappling specialists. The closest was Romero who had no neck or knees by that point in his career, and we can’t even say for certain that a fight took place there.
When you put it like that you are most definitely right. The ease he beat costa and whittaker is just incredible. I dont like how everybody suddenly hates but i guess its undeniable that alex has single handedly saved this division cos izzy was gonna lap everyone (probably)
loses*, cmon pal be better
If that makes you sleep better at night lol
Is this an example of what the kids call: cope ?
In the second fight, whittaker had nothing for him. Knocked down and then kept shooting takedowns and accomplishing nothing with them. He was timid & scared and let adesanya sit there and outpoint him
One dimensional with great TDD for everyone except Jan the bear? Just because you have every skill but takedowns doesn't mean you're 1d at all.
Ok so who in the middle weight division is he not way ahead of besides rob and alex?
I feel that Izzy is undersized for 205. Him getting taken down and held down by Jan really showed that size will be an issue for him at 205.
And Alex follows
The revisionist history is real
Thinking about it, i'd say him being champ precovid probably has a lot to do with it too. This shit feels like it's been going on for two decades now.
Compared to most title reigns it was pretty long
From a medical standpoint, the dozen clean punches when already concussed would almost certainly be worse than the single straight KO.
Those bombs he took to the side of his head with his head down by that huge dude may possibly be worse than a shadow realm entry lol. That’s how dudes get serious brain damage. I feel like your lights going out is like your body trying to specifically prevent that shit lol
The unanswered clean shots while still consious are very concussive, worse than a clean KO. It‘s a big reason why Boxing with the big gloves is more concussive than MMA.
It is. There's no way to ever tell but it's not unlikely that that will have some effect on them both
I'm convinced that was because Alex lost his balance, it looked like he got hit in the ear
Nah he only took a few clean. Izzy was rolling with most of them which takes out a lot of the sting.   If 15 of those shots landed totally flush he’d still be unconscious.
You realize Izzy has really good tdd right? Whittaker himself even claims this and the dude has fought him x2. Whittaker's also a good wrestler
Is bo allowed a nut shot or no?
He's a crazy bum rushing  chin presenter, but Derek Brunson is a wrestler.
You filthy casual. Styles make fights.  Poatan has Izzy’s number so far, but Izzy has been fending off well-rounded killers like Whittaker, Romero, Vettori for years.  Saying that this rookie Nickal runs over him is dumb and disrespectful.  And if I recall Bo has won thanks to a pretty obvious low blow. Calm down the hype, he done jack shit in MMA yet.
Yeah, and neither Poatan nor Izzy will be the champ when either of those guys get to the top of the division. So they're getting the MW strikers out right now so they can profit while they can.
Have we seen that with Bo Nickal? I was excited for his debut but it looked like he struggled with taking Jamie Pickett down until the low blow, so now I'm unsure
or probably triggered him into doing a rematch so soon because otherwise he'd put another contender to fight for the belt
Might have told him if he turns it down it goes to Rob, and if Rob wins the next shot would go elsewhere
Dude you think Izzy’s only doing this for money? He 100% wants that lick back and he knows the longer he waits the more Alex is training his TDD.
The chat was as follows: we’re putting the belt on Khamzat by 2024 at latest, and you ain’t getting it back once that happens, make money while you can and then move up to 205.
5 months ago already. Time flying by.
are we talking about the ckb guy that died after being sucker punched?
If you think the UFC has any outcome on horrible judging decisions you are a tinfoil hat wearing idiot.
Don't think they'd need to fix anything, Izzy was winning fight 2 and 3 on the scorecards and most people think he won fight 1 also.
they don't call him The Last Dagestani for nothin'
Not sustainable for Izzy. Drained his gas tank even more which led to him slowing down and getting caught in the fifth.
Exactly.  If I was to bet, it's on Izzy using the ground game to beat P.
>So pereira flawless victories against izzy   I may be missing a joke here and Poatan's certainly won all 3 fights but to call them "flawless victories" is asinine.
First fight was close   Second fight Alex got saved by a standing 8 count   Third fight was close   Alex won all three but they were in no way flawless victories, especially since he got rocked in two of them.    Flawless victory is something like Gane vs Jones
Where did you hear him say this? Not saying it's definitely untrue but knowing the CKB gym culture I'd find that legitimately shocking.  Their coaches don't really fuck around with fighters being disrespectful.
I might be misremembering but I feel like I remember Izzy saying prefight that LHW wasn't on his radar yet but Eugene talked him into it. I think the fights Izzy was pushing for that Eugene wasn't were Romero and Silva.
It was the coaches who pitched it to Izzy immediately after the Costa fight. They saw a window there in fighting Jan.
It was eugenes idea to fight Jan.
I think Bisping made a really good call in the 4th round of that fight. Izzy clearly won round 1, Alex won 2, and Izzy won 3 with the grappling. Alex was visibly gassed at the end of the 3rd and Izzy came out playing it safe in the 4th, which makes sense as he only needed one more round. Credit to Bisping though, he called out that Izzy is letting Alex take his time and recover. He was saying that Izzy should push the pace while Alex is tired (who knows why he didn’t, maybe Izzy was tired as well and just had a better poker face) but sure enough, in the 5th Alex comes out rejuvenated and puts the pressure on him leading to a finish. It’s all speculation of course, but if you watch the fight with that in mind it’s pretty difficult to see it any other way.
That's just cope man. What kinda bullshit excuse is 'i thought the round was over' when it's clearly not over. G
You guys are saying adensanya lost 3 times… but why? He lost to Pereira after winning on the scorecards and almost finishing him in rd1, lost to him in an *entirely different sport*, and then has a loss to Jan at an entire weight class above?   “Coming off 3 losses” (as another top comment says)…. What???
Dana isn't deaf, he has some hearing problems but depending on the question his hearing changes lol
I swear, you can see Dana sigh and mentally tune out for a moment whenever someone with an accent begins a sentence
Here’s some salt for you 🧂
Dude he's fought basically everyone in the top of his division at the time, not his fault that middleweight doesn't have much credentialed wrestlers. They only recently got some with khazmat and bo, but these are very recent prospects that haven't earned their way to a title shot or are even up in the division yet
He finished Derek brunson
>Invisibility really would make a champ hard to beat though  And his name is.... JOHN CENA!!!
Gotta see the champ to beat the champ
Gonna have to edit my comment, thank you 😊
You reminded me of a WWE game I had for the PS1 as a kid. You could do invisible custom characters, but it actually made you invisible. Like, no outline, no shimmer, nothing. It was funny as hell to play with, because I had absolutely no idea what was going on and I would only be able to find my character by the chair suddenly floating somewhere on the screen.
Still won’t bet against Jon though lol I’ll have to see him KOd stone dead before believing he will lose a fight
The true GOATs are GSP, Anderson and Mighty Mouse. Khabib doesn't even crack the top five imo.
i find the goat conversation stupid, while mma is still in the early stage.   The ufc is still expanding and is more concerned with growth. The ufc feels less competetive than other combat sports (beside boxing). It aims to be more like wwe than an olympic sport or a sports league. The rankings mean nothing and the matchmaking is horrible. Some fighter need 10 fights to get a title shot,  (leon, islam, belal, tony). Some other fighters get pushed by the ufc with a faster path to the title with favourable match ups (pereira, gane, till, conor) . MMA is still a young sport and in the early stage their will be inflated stats, that in the end no one will care about 100 years from here.
Unlike Izzy and Jon Jones, Khabib dominated almost all of his fights. People like to bash on Khabib's title defenses, because they can't find other points to hang on to. His GOAT status is arguable, but in terms of the most dominant fighter we have ever seen there is no other.
I think suspect is an incredibly generous description of Alex's wrestling, and his ground game in general.  Abysmal or terrible would be my personal choices.
Obviously
> Pereira's wrestling is suspect.  I think you mistyped "literally the worst wrestling we've ever seen a champion have".  And "would absolutely submit him in the first round".  A good wrestler would look like Jones vs. Gane. It'd just be a joke.
Passed his Brunson test too. Might not count as i don’t believe he was blonde at the time.
Vettori and Brunson are 10x the grapplers the guys Alex fought lol.
An explosive Romero is the stuff of nightmares. Was Izzy really fast tracked the same? I know he got his title shot early, but for me it was more of a testament to the lack of elite fighters.
He faced the best wrestlers in the division. You guys obviously think Middleweight sucks ass, but he fought the 2 best wrestlers in the division by far in Brunson and Vettori.
Brunson (altough he wasn't super saiyan yet) and Vettori aren't grapplers?  Whittaker is a grappler but underestimate Izzy and kept slept.  Romero, despite the stinker fight and having bad knees, is also a grappler.
The Romero fight was not on his way up. That was a title defense. You don’t know what you’re talking about. Stupid.
Revisionist history
Gastelum is a good wrestler.
Lol team furgerson correcting my spelling
What is this, the learning channel?
This is an example of what you call: “know the judging criteria”.
> In the second fight, whittaker had nothing for him.  If you were describing only R1 that is accurate, but in the remaining rounds it was a very close fight that could have been scored for Rob.  Note I'm not saying Rob won, but I am definitely saying *had nothing for him* is flat out wrong, and that is reflected in the score cards.
How was he timid and scared? Bro is this a troll comment because a lot of fans (including me) think Rob won the second fight
This is the worst take I’ve seen in a while. Whittaker won the 2nd fight 2/4/5.
Izzy is a really great, but really one dimensional. The lacking in wrestling department for a fighter his caliber is a serious flaw. Alex and Jan exposed the fact that he has harder time defending takedowns against guys with similar stature.  It doesn't mean that Israel is a bad fighter, the same way Conor McGregor was really one dimensional through out his major fights and even reverted back to more limited arsenal in his last outings.
That was more a prep issue than a size issue. Look at 155 Volk - took every bit of time provided since the third Holloway fight to bulk and adapt to a larger weight class, cut weight to make 155, and looked fantastic against a guy who had previously looked unbeatable (still clearly lost, but it was a great showing).  Izzy's problem against Jan is that he didn't do that. He basically just stayed as a middleweight and tried not to cut weight against a guy who clearly cuts 30-40lb (cage weight of ~220 was the figure I found for Jan). He underestimated the strength and size advantages that a 20lb difference in weight classes would provide, didn't do prep work, and as a result he didn't do that well, despite what Joe Rogan tried to tell us.  Also, side note: why do we abbreviate pounds according to its Roman unit (libra pondo) when a) they aren't even the same unit of mass (the libra pondo is about 125 grams less) and b) we removed the "libra" part of the unit's name when that's the part the abbreviation stems from?
Honestly it's about time we brought 205 pound Volk back
He looked miles ahead of Yoel? Rob after the rematch? I’ve always been an Izzy hater though
His run up to the interim belt was also insane
what about a dozen of clean shots whilst already concussed, and then also getting starched tho…..
Are you a medical professional? Have studies been done to compare the effects of accumulative damage vs being knocked out cold?  It's pure speculation from both of us.
Neither of us really know how this shit works.
I watched it earlier again and he is so lucky Pereira didn't get to throw any muay thai clinch knees when he was just hangin his head and barely weaving. Good stoppage by Mr. Goddard
and sparring while preparation too
only one of Pereira’s punches landed when Izzy had his hands down, if you watch it back you see most of his shots are missing
Nah, Alex looked pretty wobbled, even after the round ended he looked pretty lost
He rolled with the last few after falling over. The sequence before that he was desperately trying to clinch and was getting hit fairly clean tbh, definitely not rolling
But the thing is even though all fifteen of them didn't have the same amount of damage the less damage still adds up.
If potential clenches his cheeks on any of them Izzy would be in orbit.
And you already know how much shit Israel would get if he didn't fight Pereira for the title and got it off someone he already beat twice. People would be screaming about Israel dodging Pereira lmao.
That’s most certainly what UFC told him. It makes perfect sense to be honest, otherwise the division could never move on.  Izzy has no choice, he gets back on the horse now or is moves to the back of the contender line.
Oh shit. Yeah, I think I'm just old now. Lol. Everything seems to happen in a flash
No, a different fighter who got KO'd in a bout. IIRC was transported to the hospital and Bareman was bedside when the fighter died. Look it up if you want the full story, im not doing it any justice by going off memory
This kind of thinking is kind of silly considering fighters who have the kind of power Pereira does, are content "losing" on volume because their entire fight style is based on getting into the perfect position to microsoft reset you with the next punch.      Pereira just happens to be way more talented technically than 99% of power punchers that have been in the UFC.
Wait what's this lol
Certainly won all fights? Maybe officially, but anyone who really knows how to call fights knows that judges decision was off. People can downvote me but I’m not gonna bother arguing lol
You wrote a lot for one word I used that was incorrect lol  At the end of the day it's like 100m  Doesnr matter how close you get it's a W Or L or D or nc  Pereira keeps getting the W
Its was on ariel. And this was before the first fight with alex.
Now I could be misremembering, but I'm pretty sure Izzy was pressured into the Silva fight. I remember him saying some stuff prefight that he didn't want to fight his idol.
Yeah i suspect that Izzy drained his gas tank grappling but his poker face is legendary and Izzy is also a tough MFer . Further evidence to this is Izzy didnt even have energy to properly defend himself in round 5 either leading to Alex finally catching him and KOing him.
I think Izzy was just too overly cautious of that left.  Rushing the fight could have left him open to that vicious counter. Might as well run the clock and win the decision.
Go back and watch the clip. He literally drops his gloves down to his side. And was walking back.
Pereira beat him kickboxing twice, then once in mma, that is what they mean by 3 losses.
Watching his press conferences is unbearable haha.
You’ll never see Jon lose unless he’s stone cold KO’d bc the judges will gift him every decision lol. He lost to Reyes
Calling the matchmaking horrible is a terrible take. It's not great but it's very far from bad. So many bangers in prelims. Tons of undefeated fighters matched against each other. Follows the gatekeeper system well which is good. Doesn't do that can bullshit that bellator or boxing do. Those examples are correct but typically people get the title shots they earn unless they're obviously not going to win like say Dariush as much as I like him. They do push some fighters too much and trilogies stall the division but overall it's pretty decent or pretty good I'd say.
Literally drunk if you think Conor ran through "favourable matchups" to get his belt at 145. Islam got his title shot off of Bobby fucking Green also.
I agree on the GOAT conversation being kind of a joke right now... or in general, to be honest.  I'm a huge baseball fan and it's just silly to compare players against each other from totally different eras. There's just an interesting ebb and flow to the amount of talent, interest, meta strategies, rules changes, etc. that go on in sports that make GOAT converstions dumb.  It should be like "Greatest of their Generation" but GOAG just sounds dumb and there's overlap between "generations" as well.
L take
If Jon Jones retired after his 3rd title defense, he is easily the most dominant fighter ever
Hahaha. I did not want to completely bash him given that he trains with Glover. But Izzy easily handling him when the grappled in their first fight (MMA) brought me to the realization that if Izzy had even slightly better offensive grappling, Pereira was getting subbed.
They gave him Vettori, Tavares when he was on that streak and Brunson they are not Khabib but it's nonsense to compare Izzy's run to Pereira. Like this is MW not WW, there aren't many impressive grapplers around but we can't say he was protected from grapplers like Alex.
Izzy was not enough close to fast tracked like Alex was, whoever said that is pure delusional cope. Izzy fought his way up legit and had Alex had the same treatment he wouldn't sniff a title shot ever in 185. Would've probably been a name they could use for Bo to climb off of but the story line was there for izzy
One could easily forget about that matchup, Yoel was so passive that night and still could have been given the fight.  Middleweight is as shallow as it has ever been, very top heavy
Not even close to the same
Just to memorize it easier: You have a loose butthole but you lose a fight.
Champ Spelling Only
I hate Izzy but pretty bad argument considering Whittaker didn’t land any damage on top so the judging criteria wouldn’t favour him with useless takedowns
!decisionbot adesanya vs whittaker 2
Nobody cares what Whittaker fanboys think lol. Vast majority of media members/judges think otherwise. I truth their judgement more than Whittaker fans
First fight was an early stoppage. Adesanya was gassing out and the ref saved him from unstoppable terminator whittaker. Whittaker is 2-0 against adesanya and is a top 3 GOAT (better than silva)
Idk if Volk is the best example for this considering how big he has been before. His body seems to have zero problem being way heavier than he was even coming into the Islam fight
I see what you are saying but you also have to realize that Volk used to be a much bigger guy before (above 200 lbs during his Rugby playing days). Also, he seems to have uncanny strength and definitely is very very skilled. Hence why he was able to match up well with Islam - I doubt that any other featherweight could stop Islam's takedowns anywhere close to what Volk did. Volk may have prepped better than Israel did for his fight against Jan (in terms of putting on size) but unless Israel significantly gains size and strength that he has never previously had (Volk was previously bigger) I would be surprised if he does well at 205.  I did not realize that libra pondo is where "lbs" came from. Thank you for helping me learn something new today. It could be a holdover/borrowed term like many words/terms in English (example, oz for ounce).
145 to 155 is smaller than 185 to 205 especially because the heavier the weight class the more you can cut. Izzy was as close to a natural weight champion as we could possibly ask with everyone else almost always being a weight bully in their division. (Except Moreno now that he beat devidson). I don't get why izzy wouldn't get more props for that when most people disagree with weight cutting anyways but the izzy hate here and in r/ufc is massive
People think Islam clearly won their fight? I thought Volk took it because I didn't score the lay and pray that Islam relied more and more on as the fight went on so I had either a draw or could see either winning, but I thought Volk did enough to take it. Again I do not score lay and pray especially when it involves the guy being punched nonstop.
> I’ve always been an Izzy hater though  Glad you admit it lmao. I like how you ignore the first rob ko. I like you ignore Costa or vetorri. And yes it does look like Whittaker does not have much to beat him.
That ref did Danial Williams dirty...
Yes, being Tommy Morrison was probably a bad thing...
To the former: no, I'm not. To the latter: yes, there have been. We know that a) total accumulated damage contributes more to CTE, but also more importantly that b) the worst brain injuries (not just for CTE but for acute danger as well) are from multiple impacts when somebody is already concussed. Even just hitting the canvas after being KOed is meant to be bad, let alone being hit repeatedly when you're out on your feet.  Adesanya didn't look to be unconscious at any point, but given his responses he was probably concussed.
Lmao Very True. People do get KOd and not die though. Rabbit punches are known to kill people. So, I’m just going by that I guess.  But really… idfk. I just know bro science dude.
You know there's literally studies proving otherwise. To just say "neither one of us knows", is just refusing to admit you're wrong.
Well make something up!
15+?
But the argument was that he took 6-7 unanswered clean shots. Which then the other guy said he took 15+, which isn't true. He took damage but they weren't clean shots.  Maybe you could make an argument for 9 clean shot max.
Name?
I get where you're coming from but I really wasn't trying to wander into that territory at all. Just saying his wins were far from flawless victories.
I just rewatched it again and nah, you’re off. Izzy rocks him with the right a few seconds before the round is over. Alex was dazed and then the left lands right at or maybe a moment after the bell.
I felt he won every fight personally
Reyes for sure won that fight but still, feel like Reyes had  one of his best performances of his career whereas Jones just phoned it in turning up the pressure just enough to edge the championship rounds so I still don’t really hold Reyes, Santos and Gustafsson up at that level.  Jones is still arguably the best MMA has ever seen even with the PED’s and eye pokes etc
Jones himself has said the only way he ever loses ***another*** fight is if he gets knocked the fuck out. No judge will ever toss him an L, and the way he says it, I swear sounds like he heard it directly from White.
Maybe my take sounds to cynical for u guys, everything is bad bla bla.  I dont think everything is bad from a fan perspective, but from a sports perspective, which matters to determine the goat.   The matchmaking is horrible enough where the integretiy of the competetiviness can be questioned.   The UFC matchmaking prioritize, what the majority want to see, but the majority dont want to see the most competetive fight, they want the most entertaining fight (fan favourites, plots etc.).   Thats the difference. Most fans dont cares about prelim matchups. Prelim matchups should be the standard from sports perspective, but instead we got:  \#11 sean omally vs #1 petr yan  leon edwards vs nate diaz for title contention  Come on. Which gatekeeper system are we talking about ?  In other sports or even e-sports, people complain on the slightest inconveince, when it comes to scheudling matches, bracket system etc., which ends in a discussion, on how the organizer ruined the competivitiness.  In ufc the ring size can suddenly change or even the matchup, that is not possible in other sports. Ufc follows the motto the show must go on.
This is all u got of my post. U can switch islam with daruish. I am no fanboy. Also, i am talking about conors lightweight fight versus eddie alverez, while tony and khabib were contenders. Very undeserving, unless u sell like conor.  There are better examples out there, but come on man, u get my point.  Islam getting his title shot after 10 fight in the ufc without fighting someone in the top5, is exactly why the ufc is not a competetive sport, since there is no system/reasoning behind the rankings and matchmaking like in others sports ! Thats why i can not take goat discussion serious, if not fighters getting the same chance to compete.
People keep bringing the 3 title defenses, but don't really say why it took so long for Khabib to get a title shot. Jon Jones was given a title fight after 2.5 years in UFC, where Khabib was given after 6 years.  Khabib would've had many more title fights if UFC actually gave a fuck about meritocracy.
I think it was Bruno Silva who had substantial success on the ground against him as well. Like, worryingly substantial success. Like, oh God, if Sean Strickland has even half of a functioning brain cell, he watched that, knows exactly how to win, and then we don't get the joy of Izzy vs someone who can actually stand with him.  Fortunately for us, Strickland does not have half of a functioning braincell.
Best summary of it. Izzy has proven to have great TDD. Pereira didn't even have to prove it. It is kinda messed up how he was fast tracked, but Jiri kinda was too so I'm not mad at it.
That fight last year was clearly close? So to say they were not on the same level just because Izzy won is pretty dumb logic.  If a fighter clearly wins then I would not use the "same level" argument. But when they are in a fight which was pretty mediocre btw because Izzy clearly did not have a good fight but because of that it was close so in that fight they were on the same level that Izzy barely won.  I'm not one of the people to say Whittaker won that but it was for sure close.  The only clear rounds are Round 1 for Izzy and Round 4 for Whittaker. With Round 1 for sure the easiest to call.
[**ISRAEL ADESANYA defeats ROBERT WHITTAKER** (*unanimous decision*)](http://mmadecisions.com/decision/12892/fight)  ^(UFC 271: Adesanya vs. Whittaker 2 — February 12, 2022)  ROUND|Adesanya|Whittaker||Adesanya|Whittaker||Adesanya|Whittaker :-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-: 1|10|9||10|9||10|9 2|9|10||10|9||10|9 3|10|9||10|9||10|9 4|10|9||9|10||9|10 5|10|9||9|10||9|10 **TOTAL**|**49**|**46**||**48**|**47**||**48**|**47**  *^(Judges, in order: Mike Beltran, Douglas Crosby, Jacob Montalvo.)* *^(Summoned by XIIlX.)*  **MEDIA MEMBER SCORES**  - **1/25** people scored it **50-45 Adesanya**. - **4/25** people scored it **49-46 Adesanya**. - **15/25** people scored it **48-47 Adesanya**. - **4/25** people scored it **47-48 Whittaker**. - **1/25** people scored it **46-49 Whittaker**.  Avg. media score: **48.0-47.0 Adesanya** (*high certainty^[[1]](https://redd.it/9p4xc7)*).
dEciSiONbOt🥱
Bro has cleared out the rest of the division and loses in a close decision and gets called 'timid and scared'. Ok bro, you are a destiny fan I guess you can't have many braincells to start with so I won't push ur explanation too hard. I don't 'truth' your shitty judgement lol
Oh, I had the same thought as I was writing this whole thing, trust me. The entire time, I was thinking, "God, Volk is a piss-poor comparison to use because he's an absolute freak of nature and probably on enough EPO that his blood sets off a geiger counter."  I guess Henry would have been a better point of comparison, given that he was actually successful in his bantamweight title challenge, but he also seemed to just be better off not being at Flyweight anymore - he's not big, but like Volkanovski he's sturdy and strong, and I'd guess it was hell for Cejudo to make 125 at that point in his career.  We can't use Jones as a comparison because Izzy didn't have 3 years off to bulk and train. Also, LHW to HW is 3 times the gap in size compared to MW to LHW.  We can't use Nunes as a comparison because W145 is the biggest joke in the UFC.  We can't use Andrade as a comparison because W125 is also a joke and 1 win over Chookagian got her a title shot (seriously, how the hell is the division so shallow that Katlyn Chookagian was ever the #1 contender?).  Aldo doesn't work because he moved down a weight class.  I can't think of anyone else in the "fought for the belt at multiple weight classes" group in recent memory, and only 1 is arguably a better comparison than Volk.  As far as skill goes, I think Izzy, with the right prep work, could be a dominant force at LHW. That division isn't exactly filled with killers, and the only people I see troubling him are Ankalaev (maybe, but Ank's shown some questionable fight IQ and a susceptibility to leg kicks - to be fair, Blachowicz leg kicks, but still), and Jan on the right night. Jiri has a chance if he pressures effectively, but Izzy's a fantastic counterstriker, and Jiri is nothing if not susceptible to counters. Hill had a great performance against Glover, but it remains to be seen if that was a skill thing or style/size/Glover being old/Glover's game not changing at all from fighting like an old man for most of his career things - maybe some trouble there, but we don't know enough about Hill to say. Rakic probably has his legs kicked off again. The rest of the top 10 are Smith, Krylov, Walker, Oezdemir, Craig, and Spann - I can't see Izzy losing to any of them.  As you say, though, he needs to get stronger, and that's assuming speed and ability don't take a substantial hit at a larger weight class. Izzy's a light MW; if the Jan fight is any indication, he cuts less than 20lb to make the limit. Izzy's 3 biggest weapons are speed, fluidity, and reach. At 6'4", with 80" reach, he's not really losing that advantage. The trouble is that fluidity and speed aren't characteristics associated with the larger weight classes (or more specifically, the musculature associated with them), and if Izzy loses those aspects in moving up, the whole experiment is a waste of time. Even so, with him being a dominant force while relatively light for his weight class, I can't imagine he couldn't do the same at LHW without packing on too much extra, and I bet 10-15 lbs of muscle wouldn't mean the end of him while making a world of difference up there.
The striking is absolutely in Islam's favor in the first 3 rounds.  More damage done (cuts, knockdowns, major reactions to strikes), more landed, significantly higher accuracy, not to mention largely being the aggressor in exchanges.  Round 5 was clearly Volkanovski due to the way it ended, with the knockdown and GNP. Most of the ground strikes were blocked, but that was a huge moment that stole what had, previously, been probably another Islam round.  Round 4 is a point of contention here for a lot of people. As I see it, swinging over the shoulder like Volk is doing isn't effective striking - it's being a bother to make your opponent fight your hands, potentially giving you an opportunity to free yourself from their position on your back. Those strikes are not an offensive measure - they're a defensive one meant to create an opportunity to escape. Swinging over the shoulder and grinning at the camera does not beat out 3.5 minutes in one of the absolute worst positions to be in on the ground, in my opinion. It's not like Islam was just lying flat, either - he was actively attempting to get going on a submission, but Volk did a phenomenal job at being a nuisance and handfighting in order to prevent the threat of a choke. Point is, Volk did super well surviving there, and he really made Islam work to keep his position - but everything he did was a defensive measure to survive and maybe escape, not an attempt to actually hurt his opponent. I wouldn't call fighting to keep a dominant position you've established lay and pray, either, when you're constantly working to prevent your opponent from escaping and attempting to mount offense.   What makes round 4 so weird to score is that it was totally ineffective offensively for both fighters for the most part. The majority of it is Islam in a dominant position, doing nothing but fighting to keep that position and maybe try a choke if Volk will just please stop handfighting so much, while Volk lands something like 40 useless over the shoulder shots that achieve nothing but being a bother. However, the round goes to Islam because, despite the majority of the round being a bizarre stalemate, the biggest shots of the round are done by Islam on the feet just before it hits the canvas.  1-3 were relatively close, especially 2. 1 was absolutely Islam's, no two ways about it, but Volk looked good out there. 2 could be scored either way, but Islam looked sharper and landed more - the live odds shift made me question it a bit, but I think Volk getting back up without taking damage was a big part of that on a rewatch - however, I can see an argument in the other direction. Round 3 was similar to 1, in that it was a good, competitive round where Islam came out with a clear lead in offensive offerings.  I think 49-46 Islam is the correct score, after 2 rewatches, having initially given 48-47 Islam live. Despite saying that, however, it was a great, competitive, edge-of-my-seat type of fight, and scoring it as a whole would be much more difficult. Round by round, however, I think Volk has the clearest round out of the two fighters, but I also say, as a fan of Volkanovski, that I think that clear-cut round was also the only one he actually won.
Hate when someone goes “we’re both wrong and not doctors so stop”, like dog, doctors aren’t infallible and bisping passed an eye exam, what are we doing here. Let’s just talk and shoot the shit 😂.
What you’re saying is accurate but for example: Usman getting a headkick to the head at that speed & force is going to most of the time be more damaging to the brain than a few extra jabs
Prichard Colon man. Rabbit punches are not to be fucked with.
most boxers i remember that died during or right after a fight weren't KOed brutaly
link them
Willman Rodriguez Gomez. A Kiwi boxer Eugene cornered in Tahiti. He got KO’d and apparently one punch burst an artery in his brain.  The KO happened super fast, less than a minute into the fight. The poor lad died 1 hour later in the hospital.  There were many criticisms about the match-up because he was a kickboxer and that was his first boxing bout against a really good boxer. The doctor was also helpless and slow to react, he was charged with manslaughter and lost his license.  Very sad story.
Matt Hammel has entered the chat
Jones got his shot after 7 fights, Khabib got offered his first title shot after 8 fights. He actually had to pull out of that fight because he couldn’t cut the weight successfully, so instead he had to fight one more time before he got another shot. That seems fair to me.  Jones was more active as a contender (even more so as a champion) than Khabib was. On top of that there is also the two years Khabib was sidelined due to injury after the RDA fight. You citing lengths of time is pretty disingenuous, all things considered.   Tell me again about meritocracy?
Jiri was fast tracked in a different way though.  Jiri has fought some legit killers during his Rizin tenure, and he was offered multiple times to join UFC during that time. I highly recommend watching some of his fights in Rizin (all on YouTube), if you're an MMA fan, you'll recognize some names.  He declined UFC multiple times to 'polish his skills', so when he finally joined, it made sense to fast track him due to his MMA resume.  Pereira wouldn't have been fast tracked the way he was if Izzy wasn't the champ... Izzy  seemed so many miles ahead of the rest of the division with his defenses... So either way, it made sense that Alex got fast tracked because divisions need to be shaken up, but it wouldn't have happened if Izzy wasn't the champ.
I’m not arguing about levels or whatever, just pointing out him saying he knows the judging criteria as a defence is a bad one.
[removed]
Hold on I'm failing to find your fight brotha. [Troubleshooting](https://s3.amazonaws.com/decision-bot/error_message.txt)
stay in denial brotha
You backtrack to close fight yet before said you thought he won the fight lmao. Nice quick backtrack. Check decisionbot bud, most think he won.
Cejudo is an Olympic gold medallist in wrestling - a true outlier. For Izzy at 205, I can see people like Krylov, Rakic, Craig and Jiri giving him trouble if they decide to grapple with him (which they should).
One of the best breakdowns I've seen in a comment, beautiful champ. I favored 2 4 5 Volk but that's very true about round 4, I forgot he did have the back most of the time. Though he did take some rest breaks having the back is having the back and basically the best position you can be in, so I can't be mad at the scoring/your scoring. Volks probably kicking himself for just punching and looking at the camera but after seeing that I would have liked to see a rematch especially with r5 ending as described, though I'd expect Islam to come with better cardio and hats off to volk for going right after yair so I'm not mad at it. Definitely goes down as one of the most impressive title fights in history though. Two demigods in one of the most competitive fights, I still remember feeling so damn hype for it to start. From this day on I'll concede Volk lost, though it was a close one for sure.
It's that some percentage of the people here literally pull shit out their ass aka "pure speculation," while the rest of us attempt to make educated guesses based on actual knowledge, if not expertise. The pure speculation crowd is fucking dumb, and they can't comprehend that other people might actually be using sources.
Sure; but what Adesanya was receiving at the end of that fight were not just a few extra jabs.
This is what a 5 minute search on google pulled up.   https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamaneurology/article-abstract/586343  https://bjsm.bmj.com/content/49/15/1007.short  https://journals.lww.com/neurosurgery/Abstract/2005/12000/Concussion_in_Professional_Football__Comparison.13.aspx  If you actually do the leg work yourself next time you'll find quite a few more studies regarding high impact vs low impact.  edit: get fucked no reply as soon as links get posted
His face is like solid steel though …
Yeah, if Izzy wasn't champ (and Pereira wanted to be in the UFC), he'd have ended up as a top 5 gatekeeper that had incredible absolute wars against people with steel chins, huge knockouts, and a fair amount of submission losses that kept him from challenging for the title.  But Strickland is a blockhead and Izzy invited the drama and Dana loves rolling around in money. Doesn't help that Izzy was just lapping the division. The whole thing stinks and makes the UFC look like a joke, but shaking up MW is a nice silver lining.
Ooo good and high level Jiri fights I haven't seen, I will definitely check those out tyvm. I've barely gotten into rizin thanks to tenshin hype and one the past year thanks to DJ
[removed]
Look at the decisionbot for Volk-Holloway 2 and tell me it’s a good argument.
Sorry I couldn't find your fight, I drank a bottle of wine last night. [Troubleshooting](https://s3.amazonaws.com/decision-bot/error_message.txt)
Bro can't have won the fight and had a close fight? Wtf yeah hahahah you sound like a destiny fan to me, goodluck finding those braincells brother
Henry Cejudo has a gold medal?  In all seriousness, for some reason I erased the sentence where I said he was only debatably a better example. I rewrote that bit a few times, and I guess I forgot to include that thought in the final version.   As far as that goes, again, I think the grappling issue is largely a strength issue up there. Izzy got taken down by Jan, not because of a skill issue, but because Jan was way bigger and stronger - owing to Izzy's lack of preparation for a larger weight class. This can turn circular, so preemptively I'll say it's hard to say how much stronger Izzy can get, and how that would impact him otherwise, so let's pretend, for a moment, what happens is he gains 10-20 lbs, gets slightly slower but is otherwise fine (this is purely hypothetical, I know, but I'm basically doing P4P analysis right now because there's nothing else to base this on). On a purely skill-based level, Izzy is one of the best sprawl and brawl fighters we've ever seen (not sure brawl is the right word for it, but whatever). He's hard to get in range of and very hard to take and keep down - his TDD against guys in his weight class is outstanding (currently 77% in the UFC), and against everyone besides Jan, nobody has been able to effectively mount offense against him on the ground - even then, Jan made 0 submission attempts, and only landed 18 ground strikes despite 7 minutes of control time (per UFC Stats).  Breaking down the guys you listed, let's start with Craig since he's the easiest. Paul Craig has 1 tool in his arsenal - the guard game. Oezdemir showed that all you have to do to beat him is to not follow him to the ground. His trips and takedowns are nothing special, so I don't see him forcing Izzy to the ground, and he's probably the most pillow-fisted guy in the top 10 of the division.  Rakic is a tough one. He's good all around, but he also broke his leg recently in a fight, and boy does Izzy love leg kicks. A broken leg is hardly a death sentence in the sport, but we're also lying if we say bones always recover from breaks 100%. He also looked incredibly uninspiring against Smith and Santos in the fights prior to that, so it's really, really hard for me to say I favor him there.  Krylov is super weird here - he's just wildly inconsistent and regularly comes out with bafflingly bad decisions. If he's smart, he tries to grapple, but with Izzy's TDD and ability to stay safe and get back up, it's unclear how much success Krylov can hope for. On top of that, he's on a 3 fight winning streak, 3-2 in his last 5, but those 3 are 2022 Gustafson, Oezdemir, and Spann, while the 2 are Ankalaev and Craig. Maybe he gets it done in that match-up, but again, Izzy has really good defensive grappling, and I think Krylov gets schooled badly on the feet there.  Jiri is the single most unpredictable match-up in LHW for anyone. If Izzy catches him with counters while Jiri is doing something wild or attempting to brawl (such as what happened to Rob the first time), Jiri is in a real bad place - even if his chin hasn't cracked yet, it doesn't even take a good counterstriker to find holes to exploit with Jiri, and one of these days, his chin will crack. On the other hand, Gastelum showed that Izzy was weaker under pressure, and Jiri uses pace and pressure incredibly well (see his fight with Vadim Nemkov as an example). If Jiri can survive Izzy's counters and make it a brawl, there's a good chance for him to thrive amidst the chaos by outpacing Izzy. Plus, the Glover fight showed that his offensive grappling is a viable tool for him - far more so than it is for Izzy, and given Jiri's status as an all-action striker, mixing in takedowns could be incredibly effective. On that note, however, we have no idea what Jiri's takedowns look like against elite competition - despite 4.5 minutes of control time against Glover, he did not shoot a single takedown of his own that entire fight. He got one against Reyes, apparently, not that that's what anyone remembers about that fight, so I'll rewatch and see how that one looked. Even so, I will state that, if Jiri is smart there, I'd favor him - he clearly worked way harder on escapes and reversals than stopping takedowns in the Glover fight, and while he nearly lost, it showed good prep work from Jiri - no reason to suspect, then, that he wouldn't do some against Izzy. However, there's the giant question mark that is Jiri's shoulder injury, as well as the fact that walking forward with his hands down against someone as accurate as Izzy might be a death wish - really intriguing match-up, and now I want to see that fight, especially because there is 0 chance that one ends up being a snoozer.  (Edit: just finished the rewatch. Reyes cracks Jiri with a counter left, and Jiri shoots in response. He lands decently hard a few times, but also nearly gets decapitated by an upkick.)  Point is, if Izzy can look good making the move up in weight, I think, just like MW, there are only a small handful of people at LHW who have any chance at providing a decent challenge for him. That's assuming he can add a bit of muscle without compromising his speed or fluidity to a severe extent. On the other hand, I think he's extra fucked if he finds success there and fights Alex in a division where Alex isn't dropping 40 lbs to make weight.
Didn’t say they were
I couldn't find your fight. This is sucks. [Troubleshooting](https://s3.amazonaws.com/decision-bot/error_message.txt)
Is it a close fight or did he win the fight. You can have a close fight and lose ya imbecile. Keep sucking Whittaker off, not like he lost twice and got kod the first time hehe
Less "sprawl and brawl" more "overhooks along the fence and feints"
Great points and I agree on several of them. Of course, Izzy is a top level striker and may be the best striker in the UFC at the moment (Volk and Pereira may be his only real competition in that regard and I honestly think that Izzy is  better all around striker than both of them). If Izzy can keep the fight standing, I see him easily being top 5 at LHW. However, that is the big question - can he keep it standing against bigger guys.  Us assuming that he can properly put on the weight is a big assumption. Let us say he does that. What does his cardio look like there ? How well will his cardio hold up if he gets into a prolonged grappling exchange with guys at 205 ?  Craig may not have the best takedowns but he will likely pull try to pull guard and pull off a submission. If Craig can pressure Izzy and either take him down or pull guard, Izzy is getting subbed. Izzy has good submission defense but Craig pulls off submissions against guys with Izzy's level of submission defense or better (Ankalaev).   Rakic, if he recovers completely from the leg injury, will be a problem for Izzy. He can mix in the striking and takedowns well enough to give Izzy trouble.  I agree about Krylov being inconsistent. But his grappling is 100% a threat to Izzy.  Jiri vs Izzy would be a great fight because, like you said, Jiri will pressure Izzy and create chaos. Izzy would be the more polished and technical striker but if Jiri keeps pressing the action and gets takedowns, Izzy would be in trouble. Jiri could definitely sub Izzy and possibly even make it a chaotic enough fight to may be land a strike that finishes him.  We did not talk about Ankalaev. I think he could give problems to Izzy too because he is very good everywhere and a crafty enough striker that can mix in the grappling.  The question is how much bigger and stronger Izzy can get. Based on what we saw in the Jan fight, he was not big and strong enough. That will determine how far he can go. He has the skills to be top of the heap at 205 but size is the biggest issue.
Izzy's never beaten him. How's it a rivalry?
Title is wrong, it’s Pereira vs Adesanya 4
I guess if he wins b̶o̶t̶h̶ all 3 fights there was never no rivalry -Izzy probably
No it's not. 2 of those fights were in a different sport. It's definitely still 2.
Even if they switch sports and find themselves head to head in the world Poker championship it'll be A vs P 5
Then it's not a rivalry.
I disagree. Growing up playing video games against my brother, we didn't continue the count when we switched games. To each their own though. This is their 4th fight. But their 2nd MMA fight.
I heard him talk about this on his podcast after the Leon and Usman fight and he said Belal and Coby both deserve it. Said this is a business and the UFC are going to go with whoever sells more and that is who Leon should want to fight because that can make him more money.
Rob's first non Izzy related L in a while.
He’s beaten Tyron Woodley (coming off of two 50-40something losses) and Jorge Masvidal (coming off a 50-45 and a finish) with two definite losses to Kamuru Usman.  In what universe does that add up?
Not particularly common Rob L  Unless this is some sort of long con to get Colby to lose to Edwards quickly and then for some reason give up on 170 and go to 185 where he can beat him up
Let’s see how fast r/mma turns on the Reaper bunch of two faced sons of bitches in this sub
Rob was never my friend
Wtf!?! i hate Bobby Knuckles now
Don’t get me wrong I love Rob as much as the next guy but he’s just wrong here. His reason is that “Colby put a beating on everyone”, if he just “put a beating” (or just won) against one decent ranked contender this all goes away  But when your only wins since 2019 have gone a combined 1-11 with that one win being over Nick Diaz since that same year *and* you lost two title fights in that same span there is no argument anyone’s going to make that isn’t bullshit  *4-11, forgot Jorge’s 2019 run
are we seeing rob turning into a company sellout ???
Vince has been in control for a few days and he's already turning our boy heel
Rob is just being too nice and a company man.  After his Izzy losses he didn't go "ok well time to fight a 37 year old once per year and wait around for a title shot to fall in my lap"  He started smashing contenders and ranked fighters.  Because that is what someone who actually deserves a title shot does.  Colby is a fraud.
Translation:  See Dana, I’m helping, bigger backstage bonus plz.
He’s a company man.
Disgusting
The down vote trend and butthurt sheep comments prove Colby is the most sellable fight to make. Dude is so polarizing people actually care.
Robert Whittaker speaking facts as usual
People need to stop trying to equate niceness and charm with intelligence. Dude sounds dumb as fuck from multiple things he's said
W Bobby Knuckles
Robert shittaker because you know he has shit takes......
Of course Robert Whittaker is defending a guy getting a third shot at a title after one win. He’s basically in the same boat.
Wait til you hear how he likes to spend date nights w/the wife
For real. We love whittaker
Bobby looked at Tapology, saw the two Ws and called it a day
I thought it was because of the deal Dana made with Colby. Basically, if he served as the replacement fighter on short notice for Edwards-Usman 2 then he'd get the next title shot.
The same one where Burns beat the ghost of Woodley and Maia for his title shot .
Just for discussion purposes, I'm gonna copy the comment I left elsewhere in this thread, which is that I feel like Rob might be thinking of Colby as in the same boat as he is (top contender stuck always losing to the champ), but any serious amount of inspection shows that the two aren't really comparable beyond the surface level.   Colby has no wins over anyone in the top 10. Rob has a dominant win over the current #3, wins over #4 and #8, and arguably beat the champ in the 2nd fight (not saying he did or didn't, but there is a serious argument to be had).  Obviously, this is all hypothetical, but I can't think of any other reason Rob would sympathize with Colby. He doesn't even like the guy last time I checked.
If anything he would go down to 155 though.
Ok watch this.  Rob is wrong here. I also like Rob independent of this opinion.  😱😱😱😱
You can like a guy and still disagree with him. Rob is one of my favourite fighters right now but this is still a shit take. Jones is probably my most disliked but if he came out and said Colby doesn't deserve the shot I would reluctantly agree with him.
They are already in a moral panic because he did wrong think with a an author they don’t like
I always hated him!!!!
Yeah I feel like Rob might be thinking of Colby as in the same boat as he is (top contender stuck always losing to the champ), but any serious amount of inspection shows that the two aren't treally comparable beyond the surface level.   Colby has no wins over anyone in the top 10. Rob has a dominant win over the current #3, wins over #4 and #8, and arguably beat the champ in the 2nd fight (not saying he did or didn't, but there is a serious argument to be had).
*gives one mild take I disagree with*  He's a witch! Burn him!
Yeah he's always been a company man and he's just toeing that line, I wouldn't pay much attention to it.  Funny cause as a contender he is the polar opposite of Colby, actually fights to get back into contention.
Already was.  Need I remind you that when asked in an interview, he refused to acknowledge that there even is an issue with fighter pay.
Not really, Colby in no way deserves the shot. 1 fight win streak and hasn’t fought in a year. Belal and khamzat are more deserving. Belal has gone 8-0 with one no contest in his last 9 fights.
Agreed. This sub is so salty.
jordan peterson is oddly mainstream so it's not that wild that bobby knuckles got sucked into the petersonosphere
hahhaha share please
Ah fuck what did I miss?
Not gonna lie, that's more research than I put into it.
I thought it was the one with the escorts but yeah
It was the ghost of Maia.  Woodley was coming off the Usman beating and bragging that he was back and better than ever.  And then burns out a beating on him.
keyword title SHOT. burns got one title fight, colby is somehow getting his third with his mediocre resume.
Big facts   This seems like a classic example of an MMA fighter giving a basic, vapid take on something in the sport that doesn’t really concern them because they don’t care enough to really think about it.
I wasn’t actually being serious. Granted, Colby has in the past talked about going to 185 and mentioned fighting Robert specifically, but I doubt he’d actually ever do it.   That said, I think all the talk about him being a natural 155er is a pretty big overstatement at best. If he could comfortably make 155 without compromising his fighting style, he would do it. The issue is that his style is really dependent on being able to enforce a stupid pace and his durability, so even if he could get himself to 155lbs, those attributes may be diminished, and you can’t claim you are a natural 155er if you can’t fight there uncompromised.   Its not like he’s tiny anyway. His frame is very normally-sized for a welterweight, people just conflate him being very lean with being genuinely undersized. If anything, him carrying such little muscle mass on a 170-sized frame makes moving down even more difficult, as he has little extra muscle to shed and/or dehydrate to get his weight down, it would likely be a brutal cut. He’s kind of an odd case where he is a guy who leverages the physical traits he has pretty well (at least he used to), but those traits really don’t leave him much option for going up or down in weight.
Bro 100% fuck reddit is the biggest lefty echo chamber around people so scared to say how they really feel at the risk of getting downvoted
I agree, it’s kinda like if Gaethje didn’t fight Fiziev I wouldn’t be keen on another title run. But now if he gets past Poirier then I would put him back in the mix. You’ve gotta prove your worth. There are four fighters that Colby could’ve taken to get back into it in my opinion. Burns, Chimaev, Belal or Usman. Arguably Chimaev and Usman don’t make a lot of sense, but Belal and Burns would. In this case Belal would be perfect for a shot.  I do understand it’s prizefighting at the end of the day but it’s an easy days work for him when he hasn’t set the division on fire as of recent memory.
This sub hates Colby so much they’ll hate on their favorite fighter for not shitting on Colby lmao.
The ufc goes out of their way to be petty and fuck with fighters who don't bend to their whim and criticise them in any way. They know they have a monopoly on mma so they can get away with it, knowing most fighters won't want to risk fighting for PFL or One FC. Criticising the ufc as a ufc fighter is gambling with your health and livelihood so I can't blame him. He just wants a stable career and the ufc provides him that. He doesn't want to rock the boat
Khamzat isn't much more deserving than Colby, Hasn't fought at WW in a year and has only beat one top 10 fighter at WW, although I could see him slightly more deserving, Belal should be the clear front runner.
Agreed, My boy jizzy appears also be a JP fan. Not something i can control so i won't get too upptiy   That being said, date night at a Jordan Peterson talk sounds utterly awful.
water weed dune hair rob whidkerr
Disappointed that it wasn’t a night out at a LAN center
His resume is not mediocre . It doesn’t warrant a title shot but far from mediocre . 2 losses in 7 years to the 2nd greatest WW ever is impressive .
As a big fan of Rob who watches almost all of his interviews, it's funny that you point that out because I've never thought about it, but it is kind of true for Rob, lol.   If it's a question about middleweight or a fight breakdown, he'll give the most detailed breakdown you could ever hear. If it's a general question about fighters in other divisions, he basically goes, "Cool guy, never meddum, lol."
Exactly. Other fighters are making their way up, fighting contenders, and proving their worth.   Just cuz Colby fought for a title doesn't mean he gets an exception. It should be his job to keep up with the division. Not the other way around.
Belal is the clear front runner for sure but I still think Khamzat deserves it more than Colby. Burns is a much more impressive victory than Masvidal or Woodley and it will look even more impressive in hindsight if Burns beats Masvidal this weekend. But more importantly, 2/4 of Colby's last few fights were for the belt - he's had his chance twice. Khamzat hasn't had his chance yet
hearing the corpse of jordan peterson talk about lobsters and pseudo-jungian psychology while trying to eat spaghetti and meatballs with your girlfriend does indeed sound fucking miserable
Maybe they just both like benzos
It’s not that impressive. The fact that the most “impressive” part is his losses is definitely not a good thing.
You forgot you'd have access to the Peterson pharmacy before dinner though lol
He beat the #1 RDA , #3 Maia #5 Woodley and #6 Masvidal at the time of their fight . He only lost 2 rounds total  out of those fights . His only losses in those 7 years were competitive and against the 2nd greatest WW ever in his prime . It’s impressive even if he doesn’t deserve the current title shot .  You find his losses to be the most impressive because Usman is that great and they were competitive fights  . Nobody else really challenged him until Edwards 2 .
Woodley and Masvidal were not good wins at the time, despite those rankings. Woodley was one fight from being out of MMA and Masvidal is pretty likely to be out of MMA too after this next fight if he stays true to his word.  However, RDA and Maia are very good wins even though they happened 5 years ago.
Couple that with training, weighing in, and stress that comes with the possibility of fighting 1 of 2 killers earns a shot. Step up to take care of the company, the company takes care of you. We all want our employers to take care of us when we go above and beyond, why would this be any different?
Masvidal wasn’t a good win based on what ? He only lost to Colby and Usman in the past 5 years . Now he’s fighting Burns . All very elite WW’s .
If it wasn’t for his flukey Ben Askren win, he would probably have never seen the top 5. Idk if the Till and Diaz wins exactly have me thinking he was a top contender by the time he fought Colby. Those guys aren’t exactly great.
We can go on and on about who Masvidal lost to, tell us who he actually *beat* that's worth a shit lol. He doesn't have a win over a single elite fighter or really any good wins in general.
That was anything but a fluke lol . He planned it and knew what Askren was going to do .
Are we going to act like Magny , Thompson and Woodley are title contenders or will ever be top 5 worthy ? They have solid wins but of nobody elite . Just keep bringing up stuff outside of how they match up .
"In most sports, a mistake that dire leads to some sort of punishment, but in MMA — and in Texas — Colazzo was allowed to judge fights at UFC San Antonio the next day despite one of the all-time refereeing blunders"  Welcome to MMA, where there are no consequences
The whole situation is sad but man;  &#x200B;  “Thank God the guy switched the triangle to the armbar, because I might be dead right now if he didn’t switch it. I might be dead or I might be like a vegetable.” - Gianni Vazquez
That ref needs a life ban. Im a casual and could see the guy was out for a long time.
That one was horrifying to watch, thank god it didn't end up worse. Colazzo must have been asleep at the wheel, and the same goes for the ringside officials who did nothing. If there are no consequences for either it's shocking.
Sue his ass
Ex professional boxing and mma ref here.  I last officiated 13 years ago in Colorado and California.  Maybe something has changed culture wise but nothing regulatory has.  For boxing, you have to go up ranks of amateur boxing from 7 years old to finally get to amateur masters, then pro.  That’s like 500 bouts at least.  For mma, nothing like that exists.  You start out amateur but you can get moved to pro quite easily and it’s based off the commissioners opinion of you.  Most often, MMA refs are former mma fighters and reffing isn’t just know the sport.  Reffing is knowing how to control situations and making the right move at the right time.  Not to mention getting out of the way.  The other group of mma refs (and officials) are drawn from long time dojo owners.  I’m not saying that the 80 year old owner of Tiger Kim Karate in Denver isn’t qualified but teaching karate doesn’t necessarily make him qualified.  Will the Karate guy see the benefit to a ground game or just standup?  Who knows because they haven’t done any training for being an official and the BJJ judge might have the last name Grace so they get picked too.  It all comes down to relationships for mma officiating.  If the commish thinks you’re an asshole because he saw you hammered at an event you weren’t working at (speaking for a friend 😀), you’re cooked.  If it’s a televised event, the main actors chosen are essentially a casting call.   Last thing - I absolutely suggest getting licensed to officiate.  It’s a blast, great people generally.  Do boxing first.  Boxing has a Chief of Officials - they manage all aspects of officiating in their state.  MMA only has the states fighting commissioner to run all aspects.  They are usually managers and not sport specific.
Literally the worst refereeing moment in mma history. How dies every other job in the world require competency but mma judging (which this ref was a week later for the next ufc event) and refereeing? He should be fired and if not, either the ref or the commission should be sued for negligence
Fr I was scared we were about to watch a man die before he switched to the arm bar
What the fuck was this dudes corner doing during all of this???
I get that it's the refs fault, but would it really be too much to ask to have some kind of gentlemen's protocol where (if the ref fails to stop it) he lets the triangle go, and walks away. Then the losing fighter's corner acknowledges the loss and stops the fight?
I didn't see this fight, but why didn't his corner throw the towel or jump in the ring? If that's my fighter I would try to do something to get the ref to wake up and do his job
I hope he sacked his coach and corner to and is going to a different team they are just as guilty if not more because they have a personal relationship with him and stood to make money in my mind they are the biggest scumbags here
That ref sucks but luckily it is actually surprisingly hard to choke someone to death. The oxygen in your blood doesn't instantly get absorbed by your body. So even if you cut off the blood supply to the brain, the blood that is already in the brain will keep it alive for at least 3 minutes. That is also assuming you maintain a perfect choke for the full 3 minutes which is hard to do. If you ease up for a  few seconds to rest your arms or change your grip the heart will pump some more fresh blood in and extend the time. It turns out people who are *actually trying* to kill people by choking them usually fail and end up using a weapon or something.
Grammatically incorrect statement
This is absolutely terrifying and unacceptable.
Tragic. That guy should never be working fights again.
MMA is the sport most representative of American life generally.
No consequences for breaking the rules either.  Poke your opponents eye so they can’t see a KO punch from that side? Most you’ll get is Herb Dean telling yo to ‘watch your weapons’.
Most leagues don’t have consequences for shitty rule application i.e. NBA, NFL, F1 etc.
Not only that the organisations should be talking with their wallets. The commission sucks so that's fine. No more MMA in texas. If you're the UFC why risk a fighter being killed in the cage due to some thicko ref
I hope a mainstream MMA journalist sees this and speak to you more on this so that more people will know the inner workings of this
wasn’t even a week later it was less than 24 hours later lmao
According to them, they tried to stop the fight and it didn't work.
for the 1/10,000 fights this might happen and if I'm fighting and have a triangle locked it's not my responsibility.  There have for sure been more times a submission is released early than too late by a fighter with any amount of compassion.  I get it, I really do, however that's the reason the ref is there.  You let go of the triangle and he rushes back to consciousness and resumes fighting, you lose the fight, that's something that would borderline haunt me as a competitor.
What? His corner tried to throw in the towel but they didn’t let them. It isn’t his corner’s fault that the ref doesn’t know how to do his job.
Humans might not die that easily, but its not that hard to acquire life-long brain damage
["30-40 seconds" for a 110lb 14 year old to accidentally kill his 220lb 24y/o cousin.](https://www.nola.com/news/crime_police/article_469e58a9-483c-5c8f-9780-499bc93e8f3a.html)
Shut up nerd
Theres crazy levels of truth to this in terms of combat sports more generally
Full of people from all over the world, wildly varying degrees of success, ran by crooked swindlers, the apex predator in all combat (sports). Hell yeah 🇺🇸🇺🇸
Nothing I can say will put it better than this video, fighting in the age of loneliness.   https://youtu.be/-DoaUyMGPWI
Just because they are considered likely brain damaged at 4 minutes does not mean that it cannot happen after 1 minute.
I get it, and know about the whole "Brazilian tap" thing, but it sure doesn't do much for the mystique of martial arts thing to not know the guy (or at least his corner, since he might not realize it) would acknowledge the loss, or that the fighter would rather start cranking an armbar on an unconscious competitor than risk losing after he'd already won.
For example, see Fabricio Werdum vs Renan Ferreira
He was asleep how did he possibly stop them throwing it in?
That was a nasty line by you…
How about me and you on the prelims?
First thing it made me think of, too haha
A little different, somewhat tertiary-- We had Mayra Bueno Silva/Stephanie Egger fairly recently.  Bueno Silva rotates for an armbar from guard, sunk reasonably deep, lets go and screams in victory saying Egger tapped who wouldnt admit or acknowledge it, then a herb dean not even watching the action (he was doing a cameo for a fan and had his back turned) ruled it a submission as the ringside official.  So the fighter stops the fight instead of the ref.  With knockouts it's obvious however submissions it gets trickier.  I still hate how that fight turned out because of how shady the result ended up being, very pro wrestling.
No the commission doesn’t allow it, so it was ignored.
1.) idk why you’re so obsessed with that link, it only touches on the explicit oxygen loss portion of a choke and when he talks about other factors it actually works as a strong counterargument to your point.  2.) the loss of oxygen to his brain is probably one of the least of his concerns anyways. It’s pretty hard to choke a person to death. You know what’s not hard? Crushing a windpipe, or causing a tragic neck injury. If a fighter is defending themselves it becomes significantly harder to do either of those things, and still so if they are unconscious and not fighting back for under 10 seconds.   But if this guy had kept the choke going on an unconscious body, full force, with no natural muscle tension in the neck to help protect the windpipe or spinal cord? Yea, that’s *significanly* more of a concern here.
How about you vs a shower and some soap on the prelims?
Come on then lets have it!
Once I see red it’s over for ya. Youre DEAD. DEAD I TELL YA
Thanks DR. Remind me of your credentials on the matter again?              It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to know the brain being derived of oxygen tor ##ANY## amount of time is bad for your health. Every single persons body is different and reacts different to every type of situation it’s put through, period.         I just watched a mlb pitch yesterday here on Reddit that beamed the batter square in the jaw with absolutely zero deflection. His jaw looked absolutely fucked. Few stitches later and homie is ready to play again. No broken bones, no concussion. I watched another video of a girl arm wrestling a body builder and snap his bicep like it was a twig.              Don’t speak with certainty on everybody’s individual bodies and what’s “not bad” for it because you don’t know shit
I get it, and know we've seen it in grappling and MMA. It just seems odd to me that we're talking about a fighter potentially killing a dude, because he doesn't want to release the sub and lose the fight. I know MMA is a sport and martial arts have detoured in a major way away from the whole martial arts spirit or whatever, but that's pretty wild to me.
Wow that’s fucked up
I got bathtub by TKO
The girl must’ve been juicing
Like OSHA, rules and regs are mostly written in blood
It’s true for a lot of MMA commissions I think. Don’t know why.
lol you linked mma junkie when asked about medical credentials.   You should refrain in the future from trying to sound smart about anything but a Taco Bell menu.
Dunning Kruger In the wild, beautiful champ
That’s wrong on a lot of levels terrible rule thanks for educating me dude enjoy the card tomorrow 💪
That has nothing to do with me.  You were asked for one thing and gave a link to something that in no way is a suitable source of information for anything other than "What did you guys think of this knock out last night?".
You need a study to have the basic understanding that there can be undetected underlying issues that make every biological ecosystem inherently different?
Right after his AMA, damn
Sagui
Hyped for May, ONE USA gonna be a banger 🔥
absolute pro. I think a lot of people are sleeping on him in this trilogy.
and Masvidal is the only guy to knockout former ONE FC Champion Ben Askren
Right after he said knees to a down opponent should be legal too
You gotta hype up both sides
He's right, reason he lost that fight by his original admission post-fight was he forgot the downed opponent knee rule is different in ONE, which makes sense as that was one of his first fights in the organization
He had 3 fights in ONE prior to his loss to Moraes
After listening to Buckley on Rogan he became a lot more likable to me, was really rooting for him this fight especially since Buckley said the UFC basically forced him to take a final fight at 185 before dropping down to 170 like he wanted
Lot of people tipping Curtis to beat Gastelum - what do you lads think?
Imagine if Buckley threw one (1) body shot
Kinda Ironic Buckley got KOd from a kick being caught, like Buckelys own highlight reel KO he had a few years ago.
Well Joe had a 50/50 shot of calling the correct hand Curtis countered with and missed. But hey what's new.
Buckley is gonna get there soon I promise you that
Why would they force him to fight at 185? Excited to see his 170 lbs debut
Buckley had a fun round table discussion on Ode Osbourne's relatively unknown new podcast a few months ago along with Jamahal Hill and UFC cutman Tate. Made me like them all more too.  Then later Curtis was on it too and he was constantly admitting how petty he is and just can't ignore twitter trolls lol.   Did you see the post quoting Sean Strickland where these two sparred and Buckley won the sparring easily because of their styles but he always thought Chris would win a money fight because he can't use his full style training. He related it to Jiri being nothing special in sparring.
Really? I had to shut it off, all I remember him saying was "Das Facs" "Big facs" and "On god" over and over.  I don't know why he's just so unlikable to me
I don't see how Curtis loses but tbh with the losing streak I'm currently on that probably means Gastelum will win by flying armbar.
Curtis actually has the best TDD in the UFC right now(statistically), but i would think Kelvin will entertain a striking match. I really don't know, depends on how is Kelvin now, always game but hasn't gotten a W in a while I think.
I think Curtis takes it relatively confidently but I've been surprised by the Mexican fridge before.
Gastelum is the least inspiring athlete at 185, it's hard to be on his side with the inactivity and skid he is on, he does match up decently and can win it close with volume and most likely some crotch sniffing, however would never put money on the guy
Just before this, he landed two big punches to curtis's body and you could tell they affected Chris. And right after they landed, he ramped up the forward pressure and Strickland was yelling at him to empty the tank.   Just something to think about
I don’t remember if he gave a reason, just that he told the ufc he wanted to drop down to 170 and they wanted him to take one more right at 185 first, then he could drop in weight and get a ufc fight at 170 win or lose
He should rematch Kevin Holland at 170
Yeah, that's my first thought when I saw that what Sean said, Strickland is making sense now? Lol, but yeah, training and sparring are very different, but I can see how Buckley would have confidence if he was getting the better of Chris in sparring.
Some people just rub others the wrong way, it’s perfectly ok
He's also a notorious gym bully
I saw that he was a gym bully sometime back but i found that information on Reddit so who knows if it's actually true.
His TDD is a lie, I sure hope you aren't banking on this
Why? I see him only getting worked again by Holland. Probably worse at ww too since Buckley would definitely be more affected by the cut.
wish more people on this sub understood this, way too many folks in here seem hung up on convincing others that their personal reaction to a fighter's personality has some objective basis that everyone should agree with (Dustin is fake, Izzy is insecure, etc)
Man, I was just watching the Cheers episode last night where some dude wanted to beat Cliff up for this exact reason.
True but looking back, fuck James Krause
Honestly I really feel bad for the WWE fan base here  They are getting massively screwed over with Vincenzo McMahono being at the helm after having a taste of HHHs booking   The UFC side will just have a champion or two show up on RAW or some shit
The Dana White of turning red when your new boss is in sight
Jack Slack, the Luke Rockhold of analysing why the WWE sold.
Vince McMahon is Dana’s boss now (or one of them). Emmanuel will likely keep him contained to the wrestling side of things but it’s still both funny and worrying that he owns 20% of the ufc
They also better prepare for price hikes and seeing production costs stripped. I do wonder if Endeavor merges WWE Network and Fight Pass since consolidating content infrastructure is always a thing to do, see HBO/Discovery merger
So Vince sold the company as a power move to prevent his heirs (daughter, son-in-law and son) from taking over?
Sold isn’t exactly the right word, he owns a percentage of the new company equivalent to the value of his shares in wwe. This new company will have better growth outcomes so is likely to make him more money in the long run. He’s no longer the majority shareholder but still owns a significant amount, I think 20%
Shocked the world with that KO.
One of the most freakish athletes in MMA ever. I remember watching this fight for the first time on like Vimeo or DailyMotion and just being in shock at this KO. For all his KO highlight finishes, I don't think any of Cro Cops finishes shocked me like his fights where he is KO'd.
Imagine Kevin Randleman unleashes on you with full force while you lay under him. Terrifying
Love seeing Chuck going nuts in Randleman's corner. Those old Pride days were full of amazing interactions between classic fighters.
sucha damn shame for Kevin. Rest in Power
Either they crop the video to make it "look" 16x9 or they can't figure out how to deinterlace. One day someone from the UFC's crew will learn video production, one day.
The drumsticks on those guys, holy moly. Save some quads for the rest of us.
crocop must have some kind of record for most losses avenged.
Kevin used to blow my mind with his pre-fight jumps. Didn't Kev faced Fedor after? Imagine having those two scalps one after another!
I can't watch KR without thinking of the horrific way he died years later.
Queue the gif of Randleman jumping as high as the UFC cage pre fight
Hated this as a cro Cop fan  Also respect Kevin Randleman a lot. He seemed like a real down to earth dude in interviews.  RIP
Classic fake shoot into overhand. You just love to see it.  I'm always sad to see Cro Cop lose though.
Look at the roids on that guy
Coleman knocked out cro cop while he walked casually instead of having his front foot always making the first step which would gave him balance. This is a mistake that a teenager that his mom sent him to mma gym for losing weight would have made not a pro fighter. Pride was terrible and no where near the level of today UFC.
Ron Waterman was the backup in case of an injury.  I don’t think I’ve ever seen even a video of him before.
Randleman KO's the elite atriker Cro Cop. Cro Cop then strangles the athletic freak wrestler Randleman.  Isn't it ironic.
Don't stop I'm almost there.
Just reverse him like Fedor and start punching him hehe. But for real go rewatch that, Randlemans quads and leg veins are Mr Olympia ready
Hammer House vs Chute Box was epic.
Can't blame it on the UFC, the whole Pride archive is just fucked. It's all in different aspect ratios, and a lot of it clipped from some sort of highlights program. Lot of the bouts are missing entrances and corner advice as well
idk about video production but if you want to pay me shipping i'll send you Pride DVds for free.  I think i sold 2003 gp and maybe shockwave 2005 series on ebay.  Best buy had them in the bargain bin back in the day.
He did, and slammed Fedor in a way that would kill the rest of us. Fedor then reversed him and got the finish. I watched these fights for the first time a few weeks ago. Really loving the old Pride shows,  ut god daaaamn some of the match-ups are pretty fuckin stupid.
Everyone's on something, but to get like that you need roids, great genetics, and hard ass work.
It’s PRIDE, so yeah literally pro-steroid policy.
This a joke right? This is basically the HW version of Khabib clipping McGregor after faking a TD attempt.  Cro Cop was a K1 Champ. You don't get to that level with shit footwork.
Bro didn't you watch the video? That sweet release is at like 2:24 and you can even watch it as many times as you can handle, bb  Just two natty guys banging it out in some tight underpants
When they're sourcing the videos from DVDs and deciding to not deinterlace them, I damn sure can blame it on the UFC.  >It's all in different aspect ratios  The DVDs are all 480p.  >and a lot of it clipped from some sort of highlights program  Which the UFC produced.  This is a twelve billion dollar company and they're putting out interlaced DVD ripped videos to YouTube...
> Lot of the bouts are missing entrances  I wonder if that's a music rights thing. I believe the DVDs had altered music for some entrances.
I agree. But when Pride got the fights right, magic happened.
He got a staph infection and I think it permanently affected his heart. He ended up dying of complications of pneumonia and several heart attacks
Don't compare them to mcgregor and definitely not khabib. Cro Cop could be the US president, astronaut and a jedi all at the same time. It doesn't change the fact the he walk casually in the ring which is the most basic thing you should have never do. Watch the end of the video and look at his horrible movement. Being tired isn't an excuse for that.
I wasn't aware, was the full Pride library published on DVD?
Randleman faked the takedown and came with the right hand, which caught Cro Cop off guard and out of stance. Exactly the same as what happened to McGregor with Khabib.  A strikers footwork is different when facing a wrestler known for shooting from range as they have to be prepared to sprawl.  To question a K1 Champion and Pride Grand Prix winners footwork is bizarre to say the least.  You don't know shit about combat m8.
Every event they had Pride put out on DVD, yes. Dana always claimed that essentially Pride shipped them a box of DVDs, and bunch of unenforceable contracts, when Zuffa bought they company. The master tapes, if they even still exist, wouldn't be interlaced like this is.
I definitely know more about fighting than you. Like i said his credentials doesn't mean jackshit (also being k1 champ at his time was way easier when almost everyone were part time truck drivers part time fighters). He crossed his legs and walked casually which you should NEVER do even if you're superman. It's way easier to get you off balance when you don't spread your legs. Feints are normal part of any fight (a moment before the punch there weren't any feint, just a step by cro cop) but if he simply did normal spread of his legs the punch that he ate would have made much less damage and maybe wouldn't knocked him out. Coleman was smart to punch him when cro cop was stupidly in the middle of his step so he easily fall down.  This didn't happen in mcgregor vs khabib and both of them didn’t cross their legs and made dangerous casual steps, especially mcgregor to his credit.   And well cro cop didn't was ready to sprawl either against Coleman since he wasn't in a stance at the moment of the punch because again just watch the end of the fight and see him walking like he is in the middle of the street (fighting is about attacking at the exact right moment)
Damn, the more you know. Thanks for clearing that up, I'd always thought it was on Prides side for bad archiving. Wonder where I heard that...
Until Umar is officially confirmed, I believe it'll be Sandhagen v. Merab.  Merab's manager said that the Sandhagen fight looked pretty tasty, Merab seemed jazzed by the callout, and a win will mean more, and a loss hurt less, if its against Sandhagen right after he dominated Chito than if Merab fights way down the rankings after a dominant win.
Is that cuz he cares about his friend fighting a low ranked killer or cuz he doesn’t want that low ranked killer getting a title shot with just one more win
"Nurgemomedov"  I mean I know it's not the easiest name to spell, but come on lmao.
What's strange about it, Yan and Chito are coming off losses and should be fighting down, Merab went super saiyan and comes off W's      Umar def doesnt deserve to fight him yet
Most annoying friendship in the ufc
Why would #11 fight merab? He’s right yan or chito make way more sense
Chitto will be the easiest for umar
What’s the point of merab fighting and stalling serious contenders like Cory when he doesn’t intend to fight for the belt ?
How is this a strange twist lol
Rankings aren't real fuck off let's do this
Merab should fight O'Malley. O'Malley has fought lesser competition and is coming off a split decision. He hasn't done anything to warrant a shot above Cory or Merab. He can fight either one of them. Or if Merab and Cory is happening, why not umar vs O'Malley? If umar can face the number 1 contender, why not the number 2 contender?
I don't care man, I just want to see Umar fights, hopefully Umar would be fighting someone above his ranking.
Within a few years merab and sterling will have a falling out. There's no way two guys with that much ego at this stage of the game can just remain "friends"
There is no reason why Umar should skip the line and leapfrog others.
it doesn't make sense for merab to fight umar
I agree with Aljamain Sterling here.  Umar Nurmagomedov is low-ranked at the moment, but on a 16-fight win streak; therefore, he deserves to fight up. Ideally, his opponent will be someone who is coming off a loss, so that you can justify that person fighting down. People who come off losses should defend their rank, while people coming off wins should attempt to climb.  Since both Petr Yan and Marlon Vera are coming off losses, it makes sense that they would both fight down. Merab Dvalishvili is on a nine-fight win streak, so it wouldn't be as appropriate for him to be the guy that they give to Umar Nurmagomedov.
Merab fought Yan injured and is healing up. Why is everyone acting like he NEEDS to fight RIGHT NOW? He’s probably also waiting to see what happens with Aljo/Cejudo in a month. It’s not like he urgently needs to accept this fight with Umar, though it is intriguing and I wanna see it
umar tweeted that out on 27 March and Aljalame QT it about 2 weeks later lol   this is what happens when your friend is at the title and you aint gonna fight him   ufc is doing merba right and are we seriously forgetting suga ???
Merab's rank is irrelevant since he refuses to fight for the belt. Make him fight up and commers instead of wasting everyone's time.
Not sure this is so strange.   Merab fighting down is high risk with no reward.
The same thing happened w/Suga vs Yan, & Aljo wanted to fight Suga instead of Henry.
Why would number 1 Merab fight number 10 Usman. Usman needs one more win and Chito or Yan are that stepping stone. Please just go beat down Chito one more time, I'd really enjoy that and then he's outa the way.
Merab is ducking Umar. He said yes, anywhere anytime to Cory but said "injuries" to Umar.
He's right. It does not make any sense for #11 to get #1.
Lol Umar is inevitable, he will have the belt soon
If it's true that Merab won't fight Aljo, I don't think he should be knocking off other top contenders. He would essentially just be playing bodyguard for Aljo getting rid of tough fights for him.  If he doesn't want Aljo just give him interesting fights against lower ranked guys until Ajo loses or moves up. Which is also why he shouldn't take a fight until Aljo cejudo is done in my opinion.
Now this sub is taking exception with Aljo/Merabs friendship? Do you guys like anything?
In A*n* ~~Strange Twist~~ *unremarkable statement*, 135 Champ Aljo Is Not In Favour Of His Friend Merab Fighting Umar Nurgemomedov <- *bro really?*
That's not up to Aljo, if the UFC offers Merab the fight, then he can choose whether to accept or reject to fight Umar. Also I'm not convinced that Umar has better grappling than Merab. It would be Umar's hardest fight and his toughest matchup in division
It’s kind of messing the flow up, but the AljoMerab friendship seems like a really short term problem. 135 is so stacked, with so many different elite fighters, different styles, that Aljo won’t keep the belt for a ton of defenses. Cejudo might run through Aljo, sending him to 145 and we stop having to worry about the Medan/Aljo thing. There are no easy fights at the top of 135.  That said, Merab shouldn’t have to fight down, but him refusing to fight for the title probably means the UFC is going to try to steamroll him down the rankings.
I think the UFC ignore Merab they will offer him 2 title fights against Sterling this year.  The man does not want to fight.
Think of this card. O'malley vs Sandhagen and co main Merab vs Umar
So O'Malley just waits for a championship fight because he had a close decision over Yan?
They’ve gotta either convince Merab to drop to 125 like he’s talked about, or just stop giving him contenders. Dude is just killing contenders for no reason if Aljo keeps retaining.
Aljo’s going to have to leave 135 or we’re going to have an incredibly weird situation. Like if Chuck and Tito refused to fight and Chuck just stayed knocking off Tito’s contenders
The reason it makes sense is because the UFC don't want Merab killing off contenders when he won't fight the champ.
Of course he isn't, he wants to be the champ and for Merab to be his bodyguard and take over BW once he leaves. This goes in the gutter if either of them fight Umar. There's a reason no BW calls out Uamr and let's just say his ranking isn't the only factor.
TBH gotta side with Aljo on this one, Umar is ranked #10 with Barcelos being his best win. Merab is the number one contender. I'd love to see Umar fight Simon, Yadong, or Munhoz next.
It's crazy to me that Joel Ojeda could be scrolling this subreddit and typing up a reply like "bro what? Sandhagen dominated? Chito was robbed!!"
Yep. Sandhagen vs Merab makes so much sense, sandhagen would definitely have a case for a rematch if he beat the champs teammate, otherwise Aljo beat him so quickly the first time it's hard to justify a title shot
exactly this and also Ali is very rarely not talking out of his ass about his guys "signing the contract"
yes
All of the above and also leaves open the possibility of him getting a fight with O'Malley for money if Merab wins since he Merab won't fight him. Basically Aljo can use Merab to keep any potential danger away from him and cherry pick money fights and good matchups.
I think being objective, Umar doesn’t deserve a shot at the champ or #1 contender. Dude should fight someone in the top 10 first
It’s because he knows Umar is a far more difficult fight for Merab than Sandhagen. The issue is, the UFC is unlikely to put a top contender with a guy who flat out stated he will not challenge for the belt at present.
Nobody cares about UFCs meaningless rankings but you
If you've been following MMA for the last several years, I feel like Nurmagomedov should be second nature at this point. We've got like 5 of them across 2 organizations.
Umar was named after the prophet Gemomed
I honestly think it's easy to remember and spell personally. But it also rolls off the tongue for me easily when I say the name so maybe that's why.  Nurma-go-medov. That's kind of how I say it.
I just write Khabib Eagle
Merab and Sandhagen both coming off really dominant fights with very different styles and a great callout / reaction just makes too much sense. How is this not the fight that's happening?
If merab doesn’t want to fight for the title he shouldn’t be allowed to just knock off other top contenders. Just have him fight the most dangerous unranked or lower ranked guys we can muster up.
this isn't boxing. Deserve is bullshit. Have top guys fight other top guys and lets see who wins. This use to be the beauty of the UFC.
He doesn‘t want to fight for the title so it doesn‘t matter at all.
No, but Umar vs Merab while Cory fights Sean O'Malley instead is definitely more *fun* than Cory vs Merab.
Imo Umar deserve the fight, but the division should keep moving, fighting Yan/Chito make sense.
Eh I think it's kinda cool. The same gym has champ and no1 in the same weight, iron sharpens iron and all that jazz. They're almost like co champs in a way
Masvidal and Colby mess maybe not clogged  the division but is way worse in total
because rankings dont matter when the guy sitting in the top3 of the division doesnt want the title
When sean and yan fought they were #1 and #11 so you cant use that excuse
Imo it makes sense when you've got a number 1 contender who refuses to fight the champion. It doesn't make sense to match him up with other potential title challengers (as some kind of secondary champion) so why not test a young prospect against him
just like how suga got his lol and ccc is getting his title shot
It's annoying for everyone but it's going to be over with after Aljo/Cejudo. If Cejudo wins, then Merab can comfortably fight for the title. If Aljo wins, he's moving up to 145.
maybe or maybe not. If they are as close as the khabib team then there will be 0 falling out. With a win over ccc, aljalame is moving up
But the Umar merab fight is so much more competitive and fun than merab ragdolling everyone else
Who would you put against Merab that's within the top 10?
But what happens when no one else in between them wants to fight Umar?
Isn’t that exactly what Sean did when he fought Yan? Same ranking and everything.
Don't forget than O'malley was ranked #11 when he fought Yan, who was the #1 contender at that time.
It might make a lot of sense actually. Both Merab and Umar are pretty much earmarked to be future champions of the division. For the older fighter Merab, defeating Umar now may be a smarter choice to delay having to fight him outside of his own prime.
This is even worse for the division that he would fight prospects instead of contenders  You would lose all of the top prospects hype  eventually
Isn’t Merab now the #1 contender? If he won’t fight for a title, he needs to fight down.   I think he’ll probably try and go after O’Malley but if I’m the UFC I’m not interested in that because odds are pretty good Merab beats him and then they lose out on the chance to have a very popular fighter in a title fight.
Sean was 11 when fightin Yan #1
The rankings determine who is theoretically closest to a title shot... Merab is adamant about not fighting the champion so his ranking means absolutely nothing imo
What rank was cody when he fought cruz?
O'Malley vs Yan
Wow that's like.. really not fun
all the contenders right now are relatively good matchups for aljo . He’s a strong grappler with juijutsu that can still stand with you on the feet . He already got through his hardest matchup in petr yan and even dillashaw .chito would’ve gotten masterclassed , o malley  would’ve gotten mauled too , Henry is the only guy right now I see beating aljo but its not a awful matchup for aljo either
Aljo beats them all. Let him have the Cejudo and maybe Sean fight and then move up.
That's the problem. He's called out everyone in the top 10 but noone will fight him
>the UFC is unlikely to put a top contender with a guy who flat out stated he will not challenge for the belt at present.  They literally just did that. Merab JUST fought Yan all while saying he won't fight Aljo.
Do you not ever get tired of being so argumentative and completely delusional
It's the opposite for me actually, I've trauma-blocked the name
Pbuh
it's spelled how it sounds, which is why it's such a puzzle for English speakers. it shouldn't be that easy!
Cause Dana wants to make Merab regret not taking a title shot, so he's going to give Merab the toughest stylistic match up possible to get him out of title contention.
I don't want Sandman to get smothered by the CEO of spamming 50 takedowns per minute for 10 rounds back to back  And i don't want Yan to get obliterated by Umar. So Umar vs Merab makes sense in my book, Sandhagen can fight O'Malley, and Yan can fight Chito.
He shouldn't knock off the top prospects either...  Think about him against prospect that he is not Umar  Eventually he would kill all the top prospects of the division if he won Umar this way
They shouldn't have a choice. Ducking/avoiding matchups is bullshit.   I can understand if a specific date interferes with say a scheduled vacation with your family, or a surgery, etc. But to have fighters outright state that they will not fight a training partner even if said training partner will be or is the #1 contender.....that to me should be enough to tell the title holder that YOU WILL fight or you'll be stripped and we will have a title bout with 2 other competitors and make you work back up from the bottom.   I'm tired of fighters calling for specific fights, ducking other fighters, etc. If they're here for the money and not to actually be the best of the best then they can jump over to WWE now that endeavor owns that as well and let the true fighters/competitors see who's #1.
I agree. And you can't blame the UFC for not wanting to match merab with potential title challengers. It makes sense to at least test a prospect against him if they're going to give him a fight at all, and if they're lucky the prospect wins
Except one is making all the $$$$
They said more annoying not the worst, masvidal and Colby actually fought each other
Masvidal and Colby is sad, not annoying
They certainly do, even then that still doesn’t answer the question of why merab and not the two guys named? Are they not in the top five?
Jesus fuck just because the guy doesn’t want to fuck up a relationship with one of his best friends for money he should get screwed?   It’s so ironic how so much fans complain about how a lot of mma fighters are shitty people but when a guy with a good character and morals come around they’re cool with him getting fucked, then they’re surprised we have Colbys
To be fair, no one thought Sean deserved that fight
Sean is a draw that’s different
Merab/Aljo says Aljo should fight O’Malley before he moves up
Well he got finished in less than 3 minutes when he fought the current champ , so he’d probably need 1 or two more fights for the belt
Merab hasn't ragdolled anyone in his last 3 fights lol.  People seem to just not know what that word means now. What Khabib did to Abel Trujillo is a ragdolling. What Merab did to Yan and Aldo is just weaponizing pace amd takedown threat.
\*failing to take down people, not ragdolling
Sandhagen, O’Malley, Cejudo if he loses to Aljo. There are so many better options than Umar for Merab
Why are people acting like Merab needs to take a fight right now? He just fought and could be fighting for a title if Henry beats Aljo in a month. May 6th will shake up the division anyway, why rush things?
No one in the next few months  He fought 5 rounds
Umar keeps fighting dudes a little below him and slowly moves up when the people above him lose.
everyone agreed that was stupid when it happened lol
Yan was coming off loss Merab wasn’t
And that fight was rightly denounced as bad matchmaking. If something bad happened once it's not a reason to do it again
Unless they rinse him
Beside the fact that your statement is hilariously false, everyone is ducking Umar. He cannot get a fight. How is he supposed to climb rankings? Dude's been desperately begging for a ranked opponent for months lol  Merab doesn't want a titleshot so his rank is worthless. Him fighting titleshot contender is just as worthless as you may lose a contender to a guy that doesn't want a shot.
Yan was coming off a loss, Merab is on a 9 fight win streak and coming off a dominant win over a former champion in his prime
a fight which Yan wanted because he was coming off a loss, had an obvious path to victory, and Sean is a huge draw, probably one of the largest draws in Bantamweight
Yan was coming off loss Merab isn’t
Which is exactly why I absolutely hate how the ufc has been creating money fights more or less and avoiding having the best fight the best because it could cause their current poster boy to lose sooner. The best should fight the best, period. Divisions shouldn’t be held up for years because the top 5 are constantly facing each other and refuse to take a fight with an up and comer. This shit has to change as it has killed progress across numerous divisions.
I’m not sold on Henry beating him.   I honestly think that Merab is his toughest challenge and it just won’t happen.
I’m pretty hesitant to believe people are being ducked, but still it doesn’t make any sense to me that Umar would have trouble getting a top 10 fight.  You get a massive boost if you beat Umar it’s not like he’s some obscure, to the casual fan, killer with minimal name value like Guram Kutateladze or something. If you win you beat the most hyped prospect in the division with giant name value and if you lose it’s not a massive loss because you lost to a Nurmogamedov who’s also the most hyped prospect in the division.
I only argue cause I’m always right
Plus Merab smothering Sandhagen for 5 rounds and hogging the spot while not wanting to challenge Aljo is not good for the division. I have very low confidence on Cory being able to counter Merab's style.
🎯
Well we can't exactly blame him for that of all things. Merab hogging the #1 spot and refusing to fight for the title makes no sense at all, just cleaning out contenders for Aljo at that point.  I hope he does either get the hardest matchups, or fights Aljo. I have no interest in seeing him wet blanket people who should be getting the title shot he refuses.
Gotta say I prefer the all bangers route you suggested.  - Umar v. Merab - Sandhagen v O'Malley - Yan  v Chito
How come? The amount of prospects at BW are endless. He’ll never run out. Top contenders are a much more limited commodity
Why is this bad?
>I'm tired of fighters calling for specific fights, ducking other fighters, etc. If they're here for the money and not to actually be the best of the best then they can jump over to WWE now that endeavor owns that as well and let the true fighters/competitors see who's #1.  How you can have this take and blame fighters while UFC is trying to give Colby a titleshot after one win over a washed Jorge Masvidal is baffling. Its always only ever been about the money on both ends.
They should just keep offering him aljo and have him sit out if he doesn’t accept. Merab doesn’t seem like the type to give a fuck who he fights or what number is next to their name. Having him fight anyone is better for him than not having an opponent.
Don't forget that O'malley was ranked #11 before his fight with the Yan (who was ranked #1 at that time).
rankings are not used to see who's the second best in the division, but to set up title fights.   Merab said No to the title, therefore his ranking is useless. He can be unranked, #15 or #1 (like he's right now) and it's the same shit for him, he gets his basic contract.   Now, the UFC's best interest is to build their contenders. Why whould they potentially ruin a guy like Cory with Merab instead of trying to build up a guy like Umar ?
If Merab doesn't want a title shot after that last performance don't have him kill all the top ranked contenders off, it will stall the division and 135 is too stacked for that. Let him fight the up and comers till he wants a shot.
What in gods name are you on about?  Yeah, it makes more sense for a guy who doesn't want the title to fight down then for someone trying to get to the title to. Like that's just common sense. He's not being penalized
True
You must not be familar with the name Nurmegomedov
Double standard lmao
Valid point brother! I just want a competitive high level grappling fight and Umar Merab is the best pairing for that
O'malley is fighting for the title next and Cejudo won't be fighting if he loses to Aljo. Agree Sandhagen is a good choice and could work but outside of those 3 who else would you put?  I think we all know the skillset of Umar it's literally the same thing we witnessed recently with Islam, he's ranked further back but reaslitcally should be closer to the top however no-one wants to fight him. I'm not a fan of Umar but I don't have an issue if he fought Merab, it's a good stylistic matchup to see what he does when a non striker can nullify his wrestling.   If he wins then he's proven he's the actual real deal and if he loses then the picture is painted that the continual chain wrestling was all he had to offer. We've seen crazier things in the past to be fair.
its better for Corey to fight sean and let their winner be the title contender as merab has said he aint fighting alja for the title lol. Why would you kill your contenders if merab wins ?
He shouldn't have to fight down on a win streak, people above him are ducking him constantly.
But the UFC (who books the fights) sees it differently clearly
Against the champion, though. Either way Merab is never going to fight against Aljo, so he must fight down.  It doesn't matter if it is against Sandhagen or Umar, to be frank.
By who? You?
Rank that you get by long win streak is not worthless...
Fly weight got held up for years, maybe even feather although volk and max were leagues above. I’m not sure that’s happening in 135 or 155 (the top 5 have proven they’re the top 5) or 170 or 185 or 205 or hw
Yeah I’m not sold on Henry beating him either honestly I genuinely think people are overrating the wrestling aspect of Henry . He really does not do much but try to control when he gets dominant positions . First it was tj saying how his d1 wrestling was gonna dominate aljo saw how that went now it’s the Olympic wrestler thing . I would love for aljo to just go in there and choke Henry out in the 1st round
Idk it’s low percentage but with how often Merab shoots I could definitely see him diving into a knee or getting caught in a guillotine. Yan defended well but did nothing to punish him for it. More than likely 50-45’s Cory though.
You really want -1000/-1500 favorite fights with miserable prospects...the top prospects would run out eventually
I didn't specifically hold fighters accountable for this issue. I implied it should be a legitimate ranking system where the best fight the best and legitimate #1 contenders should always get the title shot unless an injury makes them pull out. I'm tired of seeing log jammed divisions, and money fights made that further creates more issues with rankings in divisions. The system needs a legitimate overhaul. Anyone that is legitimately in the top 10 should NOT be waiting in the wings for fights for months or even years. Look at what happened with Kumaru and Colby, then throw in Masvidal who never deserved a title shot to begin with. Look at how long that division laid basically dormant due to rematch after rematch and money fight after money fight.   You can say the same exact thing about Lightweight and how Dustin, Gaethje, Conor and Chandler have been in a weird mix and match for a while and jamming up the division. I get that they are entertaining fights, but I also want to see progression and opportunity for guys that basically get fucked by the top 5 or so at LW basically refusing to take on new comers. I get that Gaethje just fought Fizzy but now there's talk of him fighting Poirier again after Dustin has only fought Conor (shouldn't even be considered top 10 due to inactivity and losses) and Chandler in the past 3 years and has a loss to Olivera. That's what is annoying.   Same shit has been happening with Colby. Fights the champ, loses, fights the old champ who was clearly washed, wins, fights the champ again, loses, fights a fake #1 contender that lost to the champ and wins. It just creates zero opportunity for guys to move up and makes divisions get extremely stagnant.
And?  If something bad happened it must happen again?
>Merab said No to the title, therefore his ranking is useless. He can be unranked, #15 or #1 (like he's right now) and it's the same shit for him, he gets his basic contract.   You guys keep parroting this complete bullshit. Merab being friends with aljo changes nothing about the title fights. Merab is third in line after cejudo and Sean. Aljo has said that he'll move up after 2 more defenses. Even if merab wasn't friends with aljo he'd still be 3rd in line.
Brother he didn't 'say no' to the title, if henry wins, merab will fight for the title. If aljo wins, he's going to move up a division which will vacate the title. Just because he doesn't want to fight his best friend doesn't mean he is just fighting up the ranking for no reason
Dude he’s 100 percent gonna be penalized , we know how Dana is . And my last comment was  just  addressing how a lot of people are acting as if the guy doesn’t want the title , he just doesn’t want to fight his best friend to get it , just cause i want to make millions doesn’t mean I want to stab my best friend in the back to get it and that’s how merab looks at it
Umar is not a draw right now  Even Merab seem like a bigger draw right now . and he is not fan favorite fighter to say the least
Why do we need to talk about choices other than Sandhagen when they both want that fight and it makes sense rankings wise lol?
“O’Malley is fighting for the title next” says who? If Cejudo wins, Merab will fight him next. If Aljo wins, he said he’ll consider a move up to featherweight, and Merab will likely fight for the vacant title. O’Malley is no longer the rightful number 1 contender. He barely beat Yan by razor close split decision, and he should’ve lost in the opinion of many people. Merab just shut out Yan 5-0 less than 6 months later
I agree in a perfect world he would fight someone above him coming off a loss (Yan, Chito, Font if he loses, etc) but if they don’t fight him then he just has to keep stacking wins against dudes that will
He literally hasn't got a single ranked win - so there is nothing wrong with asking him to fight #14 Jonathan Martinez.
It does tho. #1 is just not fighting #11 come off a win
About everyone when it was announced.  There was argument for O'Malley getting that fight and there is probably even less for Umar since Merab is on the best winning streak in BW by a good margin outside of Sterling
The only purpose of ranking is to see who the title contenders are.  If you don't want a titleshot, whether you're rank #1 or rank #14  or unranked has the same outcome. Hence, it is worthless.
Those top 5 have also for the most part not wanted to fight anyone chomping at the bit to get into the top 5.   I get what you’re saying about Max and Volk and I don’t disagree that they were and likely still are the best of the best in their divisions but I can’t complain about max or volk, they’ve basically cleared the division. That can’t be said about other divisions. The UFC doesn’t even realistically build their rankings off performance and recency of fights. Hell they had Conor ranked highly even off losses and inactivity for quite some time all because he’s a cash cow.
TJ’s shoulder was gone before the fight. You can’t compare an Olympic gold medalist to a decent college wrestler with a bum shoulder, that’s absurd
Nah, we wouldn’t run out of prospects/tough lower ranked guys for merab to fight in a division like BW. You could put him against guys like umar, Simon, jonathon Martinez or said Nurmagomedov. Merab wouldn’t get to -1000 against any of those guys except maybe Martinez. There are enough tough guys at bw to keep merab busy endless really, but we don’t have to do this endlessly. Just until aljo loses the belt.
We got a super entertaining and a competetive fight. Most people sure enjoyed the bout.  I don't what your problem is...
Ufc is not letting Aljo fighting the champ at 145 Bro there is no shortage of contenders there
Umar has 1.3 million instagram followers (more than double the champs and only behind O’Malley). And once he’s in the title picture will have a crazy promotion behind him shouting that he’s the next Nurmagomedov, blood relative to one of the GOATs… pretty sure he would be huge.
merab is defo not a draw lol   umar has more reach that merab lol. At least hes more famous in the Middle East, Eastern Europe and Muslim countries. merab is just known in gerogia
Because if merab and aljo both win what’s next? Yeah you’ve got O’Malley but that’s it. Plus I love Cory but we all know how that fight goes. Umar/merab is actually very intriguing
Am I taking crazy pills? This is literally the exact same bullshit Islam had to deal with.   Umar is currently #11 on a 4 fight win streak and you want him to fight DOWN? And then what? The rest of the top 10 are still gonna duck him and when he inevitably gets to be #5 by beating barely ranked opponents y'all are just gonna complain that his resume is weak because he hasn't fought anyone in the top 5...
Said who? The UFC don't make match-ups based on merit.   Everyone is ducking Umar and he got the largest following (after O'Malley). He carries the legendary Nurmagomedov name as well being a close relative to Khabib.  He is for sure going to get Merab, If the UFC wants to make that fight happen.
I don’t share your opinion of lw. Most of them have fight each other but not repeatedly, this is because Chandler showed up. Arman lost his shot to Gamrot, Gamrot lost, fisiev lost.   Connor is different. He should be fighting high rank as his only losses come from champs and DP though fighting WW shouldn’t qualify lw fights but I also understand he sells 2-3x ppvs
A fight can be entertaining and undeserved lol, that's not related  If you don't care about fighters getting a fair treatment as long as you enjoy the fights then it's you who ought to answer that question
The reality is merab firmly placed himself behind Sean
Because both aljo and Henry have said that they want to fight Sean next. Because Sean beat merab first. Because Sean is a much bigger draw than merab.
it's what he said he's going to do so i guess we'll see
instagram followers do not translate to sold ppvs. it's a lot different. sean is a much bigger draw for the western audience --> always on ppvs --> results in lots of guys wanting to fight him, willing to fight down to fight him (yan included). i agree umar will become more of a draw as he progresses but he is still a dangerous fight for most at the top, and still more of a risky bet for fighters than sean ever was (due to style)
You also knock off another contender if Merab beats Umar. It makes no sense at all.  It might be intriguing but it makes no sense logistically. Why should a guy with 4 unranked wins in the UFC get a title eliminator over Sandhagen coming off x2 top 10 wins.  Make it make sense.
Yes, I want a guy with zero ranked wins in only 4 UFC fights to get a ranked win before he starts demanding a top 10 opponent, much less the #1 contender.  Islam was on a much longer win streak when people were having that conversation. It's just not comparable.  Umar got the 11 ranking off beating Morozov, Kelleher and Maness. Nobody else is getting ranked 11th off those wins. He is highly overranked based on his resume.
Tell me a time dude ranked #1 coming off a super impressive top 5 win has fought a dude not even in the top 10
Conor’s loses to fizzy, he loses to gamrot, likely loses to RDA, loses to Hooker, loses to Moicano,  likely even loses to Dober  He doesn’t deserve to jump back in to fighting top 5 prospects and hold the division up even longer.   What is his last impressive win? Cerrone was washed when he beat him so you go all the way back to Eddie 6 years ago…… this makes him deserving of cracks at top 5 guys? Absolutely not.  19-2 at featherweight and pre-ufc 3-4 at LW in the UFC  Beats Eddie in 2017, Eddie goes on to be 2-3 after this fight. At the time of this fight Eddie was 33 years old and out of his prime.  Fight Khabib and gets smeshed   Fights a 37 year old washed Donald Cerrone for an easy fight to get back in the win column.   Then loses handily twice to Poirier. Anyone he has fought in their prime at LW he has lost to. He beats fighters out of their prime at LW and that’s it.
Sean hasn’t fought Merab. What are you talking about?
Haven’t people been saying this in multiple threads? Merab is not a contender when he refuses to fight for the belt due to the friendship. Which is understandable. But from the UFC’s perspective, why on earth would they they pair up a contender with someone who flat out said they’re not going to fight for a belt? Difference is Cory will fight for the gold whilst Merab will not. Which matters a hell of a lot.  How is this not common sense?
> Conor’s loses to fizzy, he loses to gamrot, likely loses to RDA, loses to Hooker, loses to Moicano, likely even loses to Dober  Good thing he isn't fighting any of them then.  Conor at this point is like Brock Lesnar. It is a marquee fight. He isn't fighting any up and comers. he is only getting fun big money fights that Dana can sell a million PPV buys for.
I disagree with your thoughts about who could beat him except Gamrot or maybe RDA. Fiz might be able to would depend on 3-5 rds (Conor in 3)  The cerrone fight was obviously a tune up but he vacated that belt and destroyed Cowboy with shoulder punches.   The Eddie and DP situation are  accurate but would be true for anyone listed likely as well with DP. (Minus Khabib obviously)  Now when you realize Connor can support a ppv solo and do as many sales as everyone else still fighting listed on a card, it’ll make more sense.  That’s good for ufc (more profit & more expansion), fighters (better exposure, more opportunities, better pay), and fans (bigger ppv cards later, more ufc fights in general, better fighter signings)
I meant beat yan first. My bad bro.
Aljo could very easily lose in a few months and then Merab could fight for the title. In the meantime, a matchup between he and Sandhagen makes complete sense rankings wise as a title eliminator.  Aljo himself has said he will move up soon. This idea that Merab needs to fight guys in the 10-15 range because he won't fight Aljo is ridiculous. It makes no sense. He can fight Cory or maybe Yanez if he wins this weekend.  Umar should fight Said or Jonathan Martinez. These are all very easy fights to make but you guys are bending over backwards to get Umar a fight he is not even close to deserving.
Yep, and if he were to win he’d absolutely demand a title shot that he wouldn’t deserve. That’s what I hate about their poster boys.
That’s an argument which is dependent on an Aljo win?  He also gave no indication on when exactly he will move up. It’s not about the ranking (Although Sean fought Yan when he was 11). It’s about the marketability of a fight like that and the dominance of the Nurmagomedov’s.  Did Merab earn a title shot? Absolutely he did. But he’s not going to be fed top contenders when he’s a willful gatekeeper. This is likely what Dana meant when he said Merab declining a title shot is a “bad idea”  Also, Umar’s last name carry’s as much weight as any name in the sport. This isn’t some no name top 10 guy. In fact, it’s the farthest thing from it. It’s someone with an incredibly dominant pedigree who is incredibly marketable in the Middle East and Islamic market. Which is a large one.
*Breaks down* is pitching it strong.  More like reacts as a friend to selected pieces of fight.
Not gonna watch a teammate break down another teammate’s fight. If I had to guess it goes something like this:  “Izzy was dominating most of the fight. He got into a little trouble here and there but he was looking gud. Champ just got caught at the end. He’ll be back and he’ll finish ‘em next time innit.”
Damn. Was hoping he was still in his Stone Cold costume
Totally unbiased
And all that type a stuff
He really just watched highlights and reacted.   His reaction was more "Poatan did a good job investing in the leg kicks early. He is never boring because he stays in your face and is willing to trade. And he has a killer instinct even when he looks tired".  He did also say Izzy nearly finished him and he believes he will come back with a highlight finish.... But Volk is an honest bloke. He wasn't going to give 0 credit to Poatan.
I mean I'm not gonna watch it either, but all of that would be true lol, barring the part where he finishes him next time, we'll see about that.
WHAT?
We are already seeing a bit of this with jiu jitsu, with a generation of kids who were raised doing it (the Ruotolo brothers, Mica Galvao, etc). Of course there have always been the Gracies.   MMA has its fair share of lifelong wrestlers, but it'll be interesting to see kids who were raised with fighting in mind. Like how Zabit came from that martial arts boarding school.
Duh, happens with all sports.  Modern day "average" athletes across most major sports would be top level in the past.  There will be some outliers, but it holds true.  *'Standing on the shoulders of giants' -Bernard of Chartres*
also as fighter pay increases, MMA will draw more freak athletes that would traditionally gravitate towards the NFL, NBA, Rugby etc.
I’m not sure if it’s going to eclipse all past generations. But I do I think they’re going to be more well rounded.   It’s going to come down to their specialties and the style that makes the fight.
I think you're drawing the wrong conclusion from your own data.  Combat sports are unlike team sports in that you can enter at any time and skill up at a rate that depends on your aptitude. You can't do that, for example, with college football. No coaches have the time to get you up to speed from no experience, except for the occasional exceptional athlete.  These examples of fighters who develop body awareness and a base transferable to martial skill sets in other sports and then transfer into combat sports with a high rate of uptake are showing that the path to being elite in the fight game does NOT depend on a childhood drilling takedowns or sparring. Even in team sports, the idea of one-tracking kids to elite skill is fading away in favor of doing different kinds of sports in alternating seasons to develop complementary skill sets and various kinds of kinetic, spatial, and bodily awareness.  In my opinion, what your examples show is that what has developed in the fight world is an ecosystem of gyms where elite athletes from various backgrounds can find places that suit their learning style, coaches that recognize and foster talent, and training partners to challenge them at the right rate.
Combat sports are a little different then other sports, always have been.
People were saying this when Rory McDonald debuted, that the new wave of guys who trained from birth to be in MMA would just overwhelm people.  They forget about that kid who wanted to be an Olympic wrestler, won NCAA titles and finished just short... and now he wants to fight because that competitive fire still exists.  Or the elite kickboxer who wants to make a living... or the elite BJJ player who wants to give it a go.
I honestly think you're over-estimating how the UFC will be able to gain top athletes.  Any top of the line athlete that are at least 5'10 and 180+lbs is going to be scouted by the NFL/NBA in America. As an elite athlete growing up, why would you ever focus on a sport that does nothing to gain top/future talent and pays next to nothing compared to elite sports.   With the growth of rugby in America, you now have the NFL, NBA, MLB, Soccer/Football and rugby league thst pay better and will attract the majority of young athletes.   Only the young hardcore mma followers will ever dedicate their lives to mma, just lie it is now. We'll see more athletic Bryce Mitchell's in the next 10 years and the odd guy like Sean O'Malley, but it's not gonna change drastically from what it is for no reason.  The most popular sports will always be the most populated by kids, and MMA isnt beating out Basketball, Gridiron, Rugby, Cricket or Soccer in their target audiences over the next 50-100 years.
Talent isn't linear.  Look, we've seen this in other sports.    Like take the NBA.  After Bird, Magic and Jordan, there was sort of this assumption that the talent would just completely explode.  But athletes are not just evolutionary robots but people.  Some guys got hurt. Some guys couldn't handle the first wave of money that came their way.  And the game sort of stagnated until they made rule changes to open things up more.    Beyond that, you only need to point to something like horse racing to see athletics doesn't work that way at all.  With horses, you can take the human element out of the mix.  And there is no doubt way more sophisticated ways of breeding and developing talent in that sport.  And yet, you still have these records that stand for decades because, again, athletic evolution is purely just a matter of time marching forward.   There are too many divisions in the UFC have regressed post 2010s boom.  LHW is worse.  Flyweight is worse.  HW is worse.  Women's bantamweight is worse.  Women's strawweight and Men's featherweight looked near the top of the heap in terms of talent just 4-5 years ago and both are sort of mid tier now.    These things work in cycles and waves because fighters are just people and promotions aren't perfect at maximizing or managing them.
Yeah true, it’s because MMA is a legitimate sport now.  It used to be to display the different martial arts, wrestling against boxing, jiujitsu against Muay Thai… etc etc   However MMA is a style of its own now, you need all aspects to succeed, which will increase the levels tremendously indeed.  Not sure where I stand on this though because it’s good that it’s evolving of course but I’m afraid it’ll also bring a lot of boring fights since everyone now knows how to neutralise the strengths of their opponent.  Maybe I’m wrong but we’ll see, they’ll be much better for sure that’s certain.
The pay is getting worse and the talent pool is dwindling. The only thing that got better is baseline grappling
I don't buy this argument so much.  MMA, at least in its USA form I'm familiar with, was drawing on fighting arts that had been developing for extremely long periods, some for about as long as recorded history.  What we've seen is that more and more fighters are well-schooled in the mixed martial art, rather than being dominant in one, with later schooling in others, and that is making more well-rounded and multi-dimensional fighters, but we aren't seeing anyone who is *hugely* better striker than Anderson Silva, for instance.  I don't doubt there will be continual improvement due to improved pharmaceuticals and medical treatments for injuries allowing guys to train more and fight longer to gain more experience, and there will be rule changes to make things flashier, and we will further develop the martial arts, but I think that last one is the least important as the low-hanging fruit has been plucked.
This is why the UFC's insistence on constant championship rematches is so frustrating. It is creating a bottleneck for the talent at the top.  We are missing out on a lot of good matches because of it and there will be more Tony Ferguson situations where deserving fighters never get a title shot.
Its not gonna be easy just last year ppl were claiming that the new top 15 lightweights washes the top 5. And justin and beneil shut that shit up real quick
"Happened" in all sports. Boxing has a long history and the talent pool has been stead with climbs and dips. MMA is just growing and growing and growing. GSP, Silva, Aldo had title defenses against people who wouldn't even be ranked in the modern UFC divisions. GSP got a title shot after 2 UFC wins.
MMA has a long way to go before the average UFC fighter's pay/benefits comes close to an average NFL/NBA player's pay/benefits
Lol@freak athletes going into Rugby
Unless the other promotions get more popular, MMA fighter pay is never gonna be enough to attract any noticeable portion guys from NFL,NBA,etc.    Hell it won’t even attract guys from boxing.
You say that but the elite levels still have guys that only wrestle or guys that only strike. Yeah they can do other things but it seems that the meta suggests it is better to dump most of your points in getting really good at 1 thing. Guys who can do everything and are also elite are not notably more successful than those who can't.
Also there is a big difference between having the technical skills and being able to win the fights.
The vast majority of championship level boxers started training when they were children. Same with Muay Thai fighters.
GSP’s title defenses were actually pretty good . Condit , Shields , Hendricks  , Hughes and Fitch would all be very relevant .
In the NBA the lowest a rookie can be offered per year is $953,000. In the NFL it’s $750,000. Obviously limited roster spots in NFL and NBA and all that good stuff. I seriously doubt any top talent will switch to a sport where they get a fraction of the pay and are at a much greater risk to be injured.
They do in Oceania, but obviously not so much in Europe, Asia, and the Americas.
My point exactly.
I generally agree with this - if you have 10 points in one area, you can completely obliterate opponents in that area, whereas if they have 1 point in 10 areas, they can get a narrow advantage over you in 9 of those areas... until you obliterate them.   Just look at Dern. No, she's not obliterating everyone... but when you compare her level of success to her level of ability in literally everything other than submission-hunting on the ground, it's remarkable - she has terrible striking and defence and virtually no takedowns even though taking people down is essential to her game plan, and yet she'd probably be dangerous to everybody in her division.   ----  But also, I think we need to consider the possibility that MMA gyms... *are often kind of shit*. The striking they teach is generally rubbish, their wrestling is solid but one-dimensional, and their grappling relies on using athleticism to just about survive.   And there are reasons for this. First, yeah, they have to teach a lot of things, and those things are usually taught by people who haven't mastered them themselves. [sure, the better gyms have boxers and nak muay and DI wrestlers and BJJ black belts... but a lot just have everything taught by MMA guys who learned these things from someone who learnt them from the student of an expert].  But also, if you compare it to boxing, or muay thai in thailand, or even wrestling in the US, it's just an absolutely tiny pool of talent. And that means not only will there be fewer great students, but the teachers will have less experience of teaching great students. And they don't need to be that good at it anyway, because you don't have to be that great to make the UFC. In boxing, you need to be seriously, seriously good to get anywhere (except at the extreme weights, admittedly). Which puts a lot of immediate pressure on both fighters and trainers to get things right from the start.  And compared to wrestling and BJJ (and judo), MMA has a repetition problem: you can't have anythign like as much live traiing and junior competition, not if you want to still have a functioning brain by the time you make the UFC. Which means it's much more important how good your trainer is, since you can't just work it out as you go along on the mats.
MT is cultural though. In Thailand kids fight as work to feed their families. A lot of poorer countries have the same kinda thing with boxing. Mexico, Cuba, for example.
They were pretty good, for their time. GSP's debut was closer to the time of Royce Gracie then it is current time.
Fucking thank you for having some reasoning skills. I felt like an idiot for saying something similar.  Why would any upcoming athlete decide to dedicate their lives to MMA, when you have scouts in multiple countries whose lives are dedicated to finding young athletes and signing them to a sport that will 100% pay them infinitely more over a career.  Until MMAs pay structure changes, we will always be stuck with the Cyril Ganes, Jon Jones and Dominick Reyes being the most athletic guys in the UFC. Anyone else around their size with better athletic talents are playing sports with less risk and more reward. Just like both of Jones's brothers, who he admits were more talented than him.
I doubt any MMA org will pay the athletes like NBA or NFL even if the revenues are the same. It’d be an operational impossibility.   NFL or NBA teams deal with dozens of athletes only. Each year they have at most a handful of stars who need to renegotiate contracts. UFC deals with 700 athletes. Every single week is like a new season with new rounds of negotiation. If UFC athletes are paid like NBA athletes every single card every week will fall apart with fighters holding out and strong arming for higher pay
I know that, but my point still stands. My point is that now that MMA is more mainstream we will start having kids going into MMA training at an earlier age, as opposed to the current crop of fighters starting their training in their late teens to early 20s or coming in from different martial arts backgrounds.
Yeah, as someone who holds GSP as the GOAT, his competition isn't why he's the best. His division was pretty good, but I could name at least 4 or 5 fighters who had tougher resumes than GSP's. And I could name a dozen fighters who fought specifically better fighters than who GSP fought.  GSP has aged well as a fighter. A lot of his competition...not so much, lol. Although some of them are still pretty good.
It’s easier on the body and better on the wallet to spend 4-5 years as a roster guy in a major team sport than it is to fight your way into the ufc.
Tomato boy
Was alex the favorite in the first vote?
We find out that Francis signs with WWE lmao
first, I guess?
3 fights on the main card?
He's the favorite in the multiverse
No, 5. https://www.tapology.com/fightcenter/events/96871-ufc-287
I meant the first fight lol, but ty for the laugh lol
I believe he was still the favorite and I try lol
