OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I think it’s more of devices that output stuff into the environment, max’s Walkman is contained to her while lights effect surrounding things
Possibly because the touches have glass they shattered easier where as the tough nature of the Walkman it wasn't able to be taken out so easy by the telepathic connection being made across the dimensions.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I really love Jopper, but I want to give a shout-out to Joyce and Bob (Boyce?) because those two were so perfect for each other. Sean Astin and Winona Ryder did such a good job, and Bob was what showed Joyce not all men are shitheads like Lonnie.
Wow,  people *really* dislike Billy and Steve together.
Link to vote: https://strawpoll.com/polls/X3nk4q5DjgE
The first non-canonical loss.
RIP to Billy and his ships HAHA
I kind of really want Lumax to win this.
Okay, but imo dustin and susie is the cutest and best ship in the show. They both totally get each other, are supportive of each other, unapologetically themselves and trust each other a lot, fr healthy and adorable
I’ve never understood the appeal of that ship especially when people don’t write Billy ooc
And all my easy votes are out now...  So I think I'm going to go with Argyle and Eden, just because we don't really know her and I didn't came across headcanon to make me like her more. The ship was still a nice touch to the Suzie episode.  EDIT: When did Haringrove became impopular? I vote for them the previous round, but I'm still surprise by the % of votes for them. I mean, I'm happy with the outcome and all, but they were a pretty popular ship back in season 3.
Stancy's next on the hit list
Robin and Nancy have crazy fr fr chemistry
Lots of the remaining non-canon ships I can get behind, like Robin/Nancy or Steve/Eddie, but I really could never see Steve and Jonathan getting together, they don't have remotely any chemistry and would be so much better as friends.
Welp we did it fam, I’m fine with any of these ships winning now that Billy’s ships are out
When your ship isn’t on there lol 😂 or is already gone
I think I'm voting Stancy
I can't pick my least favorite so I will just not vote. My favorites are: Mike & Will, Eleven & Max, Bob & Joyce, Jonathan & Argyle so I hope one of those wins :D
Bob and Joyce deserves better!! They should definitely win!!!
Bye Billy!
Most definitely Alexi and Murray 😂 they just didn’t have enough screen time together for me to consider them more notable than some of these other groupings.
I’m voting for El and Max next they definitely make better friends than partners
Can i just say that steve/billy and steve/eddie being the most popular ships on AO3 despite not being canon and not having any material to work with is very fetishy?? It really rubs me the wrong way and y’all are very weird
Who get rid of Billy & Mrs. Wheeler?! 😳 nooooo 🫶🏼🫶🏼
I only care about joyce and hopper
I want Steddie to win this. Why? I don’t know man, but they be pretty cute together.
I vote for Stency, I love Steve and Nancy, but not together.
if argyle and eden aren't voted out next i WILL go goblin mode
How did the main ship get last 💀
thank god harringrove is out, one of the weirdest ships in ST
[removed]
I doubt it but Robin and Vickie next, had no impact on me
Thank God 😮‍💨 I think it’s time for me to vote Jonathan x Argyle now. I just don’t see any chemistry there.
how in any shape or form is harringrove better than mileven 😭
im surprised stancy isnt out yet
Well… now the only ship I care about is gone I think that’s my cue to leave🤣
did people really put billy and karen better than mileven……
People ship Jonathan and Argyle? The fuck???
I feel like this really goes to show the angriest people are voting more, lol. Mileven and Harringrove are far from unpopular, but I guess the more support a ship has the more hate it has too.
I mean I think it's only fair to take out Byler because their fans took out the mileven first round
Wow, they swept!!
Sorry to all the Will and Mike fans but I really hope they get out.
This is the way. Steddie next, please!
The fact that Murray and Alexei are still in this is surprising
Where's Steve and Dustin?
I feel like we need to band together and vote Byler out after the Bylers from Tumblr invaded the poll and took out Mileven.  I don’t need Mileven to win, I just need Byler to lose.
I don’t understand how will and Mike are there 💀💀💀💀
_mileven out first, I can already tell which people are voting the most. Kinda sad ngl_
Max and Lucas
This is a complete nonsense poll so far. El/Mike out in round 1? Billy & Mrs. Wheeler out before a joke entry like Billy & Steve? This doesn’t make any sense
Kill steddie and edissy with fire, hate that they reduced Eddie to romantic bs his character was so awesome, shippers ruined it imo.
Joyce and hopper are my vote for next round elimination!!!
My hopes for Eddington to win!
Again it should obviously be Max and Lucas, Harper and Joyce or and it’s not even on here which makes absolutely no sense Steve and Dustin.
lmao that was never a ship. that was a blitkrieg alpha dog overthrow. and frankly, it was a hard sell that steve was ever an alpha in hawkins, someone that billy would have to target.
Interesting 🤨
How do the votes get counted in this
Steve and Jonathan deserve last place
We all know it’s Joyce and Hopper, let’s just skip to the end😂
Max and Lucas better be n1
Never understood the whole "enemies to sex buddies" ship dynamic. Seems to have started with Harry and Malfoy, and it's always remained consistent in how fucking stupid of a ship dynamic it is.
I'd just like to see Vickie and Robin beat of Ronance. Vickie is so cute I wish she got so much more love
Totally agree! They def deserve some love.He was so good to her and the boys, especially Will. I think they would have loved having him as a surrogate dad if he had lived. I think he was super important in Joyce healing from Lonnie and realizing that she can and deserves to be loved. And for her to finally see someone treat her boys with respect and a certain kind of fatherly affection. I like to headcanon that Will might have come out to Bob eventually and that Bob would have accepted him straight away.  I also think that, without Bob, Joyce and Hopper might not have ever gotten together. They both grew so much from season 2 to season 4, and for Joyce, he was a part of that.
When I joined the fandom and found out they were the most popular ship on AO3, I got so confused lmao  I guess it's the power of two hot guys together fueled by enemies to lovers trope or something like that.
Most popular character in the fanbase with an abusive, misogynistic, sadistic bully and racist who beat him half to death. I can see why.
Damn that was SEVERE. Im okay with it though.
I do not even understand the ship at all. It's not dislike, but more like "I do not stan them together".  but then again I voted Nancy x Steve to get boosted out and still do because Nancy is too toxic for him (no hate, I do like her).
I looked at the pie chart and was like "God damn".
I feel like their relationship would be toxic.
I don’t see why anyone would enjoy any ship that included a racist abusive asshole…
Billy sucks, so yes.   "But childhood trauma and homoerotic vibes" doesn't make him a good or even potentially interesting match for any of the characters in the series, since he's actually toxic to every single character we see him interact with.   (though I can see his aggressively coming on to Karen practically since the moment they met as a surfacing of his issues with the departure of his own mother, it's got a possible explanation in his psyche. Still a major anti-ship for me)
wasn't technically canon (thank god) but billy was wayyyyy too weird w steve
I mean they all suck. He was so toxic to everyone around him.
Karen went even quicker!
Same,I feel like lumax is probably the most realistic relationship tbh.
Because season 3 was when Billy was his peak popularity. Now, especially after Max admitted that she prayed for his death and he was horrible to her, people have turned against it.
for real
This is a ship that I actually really like but probably isn't going to happen but it would be an easy way of getting rid of the awkward love triangle between Nancy,Steve and Jonathan that personally seems to have been dragged out way too much now
Ronance for the win
Robin and Nancy doesn't work imo. Nancy works better alone and Robin deserves better
I didn't see that Jonathan and Nancy had chemistry together. Lol which is kind of funny since the actors are together IRL
I think I will vote Stancy too. I love Nancy, I love Steve, but they don't go together.
I’ve been voting Stancy since day one.
i like those i rlly like jopper and elumax too
bob and joyce was so good 😭
Someone tampered with the poll by sending all of their followers to vote it out on the first round
[removed]
The Billy ships, Steve/Eddie and Steve/Jonathan were added later in the second round.
Byler shippers have no reason.
I think it's coming soon.
A whole mood 😂 Rip kings, the world just wasn’t ready for you
I don’t think they were in the original poll. They got added in the second round.
It's a pretty popular ship in fandom spaces actually.
People always ship best friends
I'm not angry but I don't care for Harringrove.
I feel pretty ambivalent about Harringrove. I really don't get why people get so upset over it  (I mean other than hating Billy which is totally valid) as it's pretty common for "enemies to lovers" ships like these to become popular in fan spaces. Kylux in Star Wars is so popular, and one I actually enjoy, and those two literally HATED each other in canon. But damn if there isn't some well written and believable fanfiction out there about them. I honestly get it. And I'm sure there is the same for this pair that I would probably find interesting. It's a compelling dynamic for sure. But there are so many more ships on this list that I'd like to see get further and so I voted them out!  &#x200B;  edit: wording and spelling.
If Harringrove is still popular here then we REALLY need a "Most Favorite Ship" poll because hooooo boooooy
I've been voting them since the beginning. Byler shippers are working overtime.
Did you watch that carnival scene? They could've been a great couple and made life a nightmare for Hopper. It would've been beautiful.
😂😂😂
Who are Eddington?
I was with you till you said steve and dustin,,,
>lmao that was never a ship.  Go to AO3 and you'll find out otherwise.
Aw the thought of Will coming out to Bob is so heartwarming. I know Bob would be 100% supportive.
Yeah it kinda is. I'm kind of happy that they are out though, I'm sorry for all Harringrove shippers but this ship is so toxic to me that nothing anyone will say will change my mind.
Two hot WHITE guys. Believe me, that shit matters more than you think.
You say “…abusive, Misogynistic, sadistic bully…”, I say “Angst”. /jk
I'm kind of glad I'm not the only one voting for them. I don't want them together and that part of season 4 was like a stab in the heart. I'm sorry but I really think that they are walking different roads
billy’s just a lil fruity and bad at flirting 😂
“Billy x An Early Grave.” /jk
Yeah, out of all the couples on the show (besides Jopper), their love story is just one that really makes me *believe* their love. It feels deep and well written. And they have been given some of the most emotional and dramatic scenes as well as lighthearted and funny. It's just a really well rounded relationship that has nuance and chemistry and the writing and the acting makes me root for them.
Also, I feel like Eddie replaced Billy. He's a better romantic alternative for Steve since he's actually nice in the show and their interactions weren't abusive.
Oh okay, it's logic. Dacre did really a great job to make us sympathize with Billy in season 3, with his great acting, but it's true the season 4 remind us how terrible he was as a person.  Haringrove isn't a ship I follow because he nearly kill Steve in season 2, but I thought they were still popular because of their second place on Ao3 I guess. Happy to be wrong.
I really don’t like the love interest the introduce for Robin at the end of last season. Not all queer girls a squirrelly and hyper. The contrast between Nancy and Robin is a big part of the draw.
Leaving us with a love square... Even lamer IMO That girl could stand being single for a minute.
i sincerely doubt it’ll happen but i want it to so bad. not just for the great chemistry between the characters,  but bc imagine how funny it would be to resolve the love triangle via lesbianism
Agreed. Nancy needs to be single and discover herself outside of a relationship!   I'm sorry but I could not give less of a fuck about Vickie and Robin. They basically just made a Robin copy and had her have a crush on someone who is exactly like her
Agreed.  1. Nancy bulldozed over Steve. A dude who has a healthy self-esteem.  2. Jonathan has issues telling her what his plans are for college.   Robin, who seemingly has anxiety issues, won't stand a chance.
Oh yeah I forgot those two were together IRL! I personally thought they had some good chemistry together, but only in seasons 1-2.
Honestly, it’s not actually that uncommon for people dating IRL to have poor onscreen chemistry. They are playing characters, after all. And writing/directing is an important part of chemistry. If they were just playing themselves, unscripted, then their IRL chemistry would have more of an impact.   That said, there are also IRL couples who have poor chemistry (not saying that they are one of them, mind you).
Same. If someone had told me that a couple from ST came true in real life, I would never guess it would be Jancy. They work better as friends
Stancy is at the bottom of my list too. I just rewatched season 1 and 2. It doesn’t seem that Nancy was ever that into him.
That’s not tampering. That’s called getting out the vote.
oh, that makes sense sorry
this made me laugh oml! XD
that makes it even worse 😭
I don’t really follow the fandom spaces. But as someone who used to be a massive stoner, Jonathan and Argyle’s friendship is a classic stoner friendship IMO. Nothing more.
Maybe "angry" isn't the right word. I just find it interesting that ships which are very popular also draw strong negative reactions from a large number of people. I'm not surprised Harringrove got voted off early, but the sheer amount of votes they got is a little shocking. Though, given their dynamic, I supposed it shouldn't be unexpected.
Steddie's new nickname, apparently. I loved it, btw lol
Their bromance is amazing on this show
A03?
Yeah. I kinda agree that their rivalry gave me some kind of homoerotic vibes, but...... nope.
Yes, Jopper is probably the only canon couple in the show that I am sure is realistically going to stay together long-term. They have both already experienced a failed marriage and an incredible painful loss of loved ones. It would be more than understandable if they both decided to never open their hearts for anybody again. But they did and it was beautiful.  Lumax is probably my favourite ship of the show for all the reasons you have mentioned. They are not forcing themselves to be in a relationship when they know they have to deal with their personal issues first. Yet they are allowing themselves to be at their most vulnerable with each other and always communicate clearly, even if the truth may be painful to hear for the other person. I am not as sure that they could be a long-term couple as I am with Jopper. They are still young and could change a lot: But they are definitely the most interesting and intriguing teen relationship and one I can actually see as realistically long-term, just because it is built on so much honesty and trust.
Absolutely, and I think that regardless of your alliances in the ship wars, they're the one thing everybody can agree on. I've never seen Elmax and Lumax shippers being anything other than besties, even though their ships are technically non-compatible. As much as I care about Byler, Lumax deserves the top spot by a long shot
I think you made a good point here.  Eddie is maybe the only one to not have hurt Steve in his romantic (and fanon) options. Nancy broke his heart, Jonathan broke his face and Billy nearly killed him when his interactions with Eddie were either neutral or positive in the show. So yeah, he's clearly the best fanon alternative.  Or I'm just biaised because it's my favorite fanon ship (with Ronance and Hellcheer), I just love their dynamic and their scenes together in the show.
True
Yeah. It was a relationship based on physical attraction, status, and conformity.
Yeah. But shipping is also about potential, so people like to explore their relationship in a romantic way, too. Most of the fanarts are them being happy as a stoner couple at Burger King lol
This is for romantic relationships…
[Archive of our Own](https://archiveofourown.org/)
Exactly!! Shipping is all about potential. I think that Argyle understands Jonathan in a way a lot of people don't and he isn't afraid to call him out on his bullshit. So, if one wanted to explore their ship in a romantic way, it's all already there. :) And also, they are literally tied at the hip in season 4, and so it's really easy to slip into their dynamic from a shipping/fandom/fanfic persepective. I wouldn't say I'm a huge fan of theirs or anything, but I do love all the art that's come out of their ship.  Edit: Plus! Argyle was a very good character imo who deserves to be fleshed out a little more, and shipping him with Jonathan is a perfect way to do that.
Lol most of those pics are of just friends on the show not romantic relationships
Now that I am thinking about it....they seem a little Bill and Ted inspired, and they were the mushiest of friends lol. All of that just adds to the "shipping" potential.
Yeah but people root for them as a romantic couple despite their canon status. The term “ship” in fandom often implies romance.
Strange but whatever
Haha yeah it’s a very niche thing. And these are only the popular pairings
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Young Henry Creel scared his mom w spiders previously at the Creel House, and obviously this was before Kali..i think them both using spiders is hinting at the fact that 001 probably helped kali w powers in the lab
You're reading my mind, OP. I was going to make a similar post, but my comment karma is too low. Anyways, do you know about the [Tiamat](https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Tiamat) [theory](https://www.reddit.com/r/StrangerThings/comments/w6hmyo/theory_i_personally_think_tiamat_has_to_be_the/) and about the repeating dragon imagery (Will's painting in s4, the arcade game Dragon's lair in s2, one of the posters on Mike's wall in s4)?    Well, [Tiamat](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiamat) and [Kali](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kali) are the names of primordial goddesses of chaos/destruction. I think that the Duffers are trying to sneak Tiamat into the canon (look at the DnD Wiki, she even has a human avatar!). I might be wrong, though, I just want the Kali subplot from s2 to make some damn sense.😩😤
I can’t see that, she wants revenge yeah but Vecna wants to destroy the world. Plus if they all originated from One it makes sense that they share similar powers. Like how One took out those guards the same way El did later on when Brenner tried to have the guards lock El up over that cat she refused to ‘practice’ on.
Spiders are a common fear trope.     That said, there's generally reasons for certain things to be recurring devices in ST, and we do have about 11 hours to go in the story. We may yet see how Kali/Eight escaped or left HNL, and how much Henry/One had to do with it.
I have to disagree, and my theory is she'll come back to help El and the gang.    In the beginning of the season, Erica rolls a 20 to beat Vecna.  11+8=19.  I think the 1 is Will.    Kali was most likely assisted in her escape by Henry/1/Vecna, but was not manipulated in to helping him escape like El was.  Kali is more pragmatic, and while she's vengeful, she has more "real world" experience than El or Henry/1/Vecna.  She would never be okay with what Vecna is doing, and MAY be the only person who can actually match him in telepathic power.  Her power is very similar to his.  She may be able to distract him that way, while El finishes him off telekinetically.   That's my theory.
Intresting theory can i ask why you think she would work along side Vecna
I think this is an interesting theory.
Kali has already been ditched by the writers
Yeah they hold hands and skip through the upside preying on suffering children.
That's because Axel is afraid of spiders.
Who is Kali? I don’t remember
Hmmmm fasnating read I also have a theory that is linked to a Dragon but mine is more linked to Will and Vecna.
**Kali (; Sanskrit: काली, IAST: Kālī), also referred to as Mahakali, Bhadrakali, and Kalika (Sanskrit: कालिका), is a Hindu goddess who is considered to be the goddess of ultimate power, time, destruction and change in Shaktism. In this tradition, she is considered as a ferocious form of goddess Adi Shakti, the supreme of all powers, or the ultimate reality.**  More details here: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kali>     *This comment was left automatically (by a bot). If I don't get this right, don't get mad at me, I'm still learning!*  [^(opt out)](https://www.reddit.com/r/wikipedia_answer_bot/comments/ozztfy/post_for_opting_out/) ^(|) [^(delete)](https://www.reddit.com/r/wikipedia_answer_bot/comments/q79g2t/delete_feature_added/) ^(|) [^(report/suggest)](https://www.reddit.com/r/wikipedia_answer_bot) ^(|) [^(GitHub)](https://github.com/TheBugYouCantFix/wiki-reddit-bot)
Yeah, I don’t ever remember seeing that in Stranger Things
Rewatch season two. Specifically Episode 7 Lost Sister.
Wait 8? I know she has powers to make people see stuff
She does indeed
Is that who you were talking about?
Yes indeed. Sorry about that that should’ve been one reply.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Looks amazing!
https://imgur.com/a/IJ5rPD4
This is soooo good.
Ketchup and Mustard
This is so cute and beautifully rendered!!!!
This is good!  Side note: my mind's first reaction to seeing El's hands was Napoleon Dynamite!
Ketchup and mustard!
Is this yours? This is great!
So cute, best girls <3
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Everyone makes jokes about the kids being too old, so maybe to add to the joke, they should be too young and keep the cast.
Don’t see how it could work. They’d all be in their 50’s so wouldn’t be able to use the real actors. Not to mention that in a few years at least several of the actors will only be doing movies. And hiring all new actors to play their older versions would loose the magic of the show.
no and tbh I don’t see el still having her powers in the future
Kinda sounds like It part 2 but if it’s made by the duffer brothers still it’d probably be good
I literally just posted this exact comment in this thread last night but okay anyway that'd a goof idea but not present day maybe the 90s
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I’ve said it once already in one of the other threads but…  Indeed. Happy unofficial official B-Day Mike!   I love Mike for how much of a good friend he is to the boys and how good a boyfriend he is. Three boys who consider him their best friend and a girl who loves him says he is doing ok. 😊  I hope Finn is also having a good day filming Ghostbusters!
The loading picture 😂😂😂
Happy birthday to my favorite character! I am here for all the love he is getting today.
more Mike love woooooo so much Mike today its great.
52 right? Damn!
My favorite!!! Happy birthday!
These are all mostly pics where he's looking at Will lol. I know Byler "proof" pics when I see them.   Happy birthday Mike.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
A great little Mike edit
Love this and the song too!
i just realized, if april 7 is mike's birthday maybe will's painting was meant to be an early bday present
Not the smalltown boy 😭 His song 😭First song on his Spotify playlist
Indeed. Perhaps someday the Duffers will figure out the actual ages and birthdays of their characters… though somehow I doubt it. 🤣 Comics it is, I guess. 😅  I love Mike for how much of a good friend he is to the boys and how good a boyfriend he is to Eleven. The other birthday post on how he picked her flowers at god knows what hour cracked me up. 😄 Three boys who consider him their best friend and a girl who loves him says he is doing ok. 😊
Thanks 🙂.
Thanks 🙂. I hope Smalltown Boy is Mike's favorite song, that would be so awesome.
That would be cute.
It's a cute headcanon I have, too. Sad it's an unofficial birthday.
😊 I hope Smalltown Boy is Mike's Favorite Song, that would be amazing.
I hope this stays his Birthday.  I also love Mike, he is the best friend someone could wish for. I actually don't think he is a really really good BF for El, but still Mike is the best 😊.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The only issue with Jason is that he resorted to violence to quickly, like he hurt the member of hellfire looking for Eddie and he almost shot Lucas. Other than that most of his actions were sort of justified.
I think this is very well thought out. I find the juxtaposition of their relationship in the larger st4 story fascinating and really don’t think reducing it to “good” or “bad”/inherently “moral” or “immoral” does the narrative narrative any favors. I think we’re supposed to understand a bit where each character comes from but not necessarily support their (Jason’s) actions. We as the audience have the dramatic irony of understanding what’s going on but they, the new characters don’t. I love morally gray stories though 🤷‍♀️
i disagree but only because of the things Mason Dye (Jason's actor) has said about him: he argues that Jason still didn't really know Chrissy and while he loved her, he didn't really appreciate her as a person. He also said that if Chrissy hadn't been killed by Vecna, Jason still would've blamed Eddie and the hellfire club for them because he was afraid of Eddie.  I know there's the argument what actor's say isn't necessarily canon, but besides the writer, the actor is someone who spends the most time with the character and knows them best.   I don't doubt Jason was a tragic villain. But I don't think he was innocent either. I think he was going to pop off one way or the other.
Jason could have definitely had a Steve arc where he went from vengeance to knowing the story and helping. I would have prefer that as he would have been a great character. He definitely should not have died
Seems, “I’m hearing voices and seeing things and totally losing my mind” is something anyone would hide from their boyfriend/girlfriend, despite how good of a boyfriend/girlfriend they are.
If he was a terrible boyfriend, Vecna would have used him as a way to torture Chrissy in her last hallucination. It wasn't the case, so he was surely a good or at least an okay boyfriend. And I agree, he was surely a good friend to Patrick.  However, being good to people who have the social status as you at school isn't equal to be a good guy overall. He assaulted physically Gareth and convinced the town to go after some kids he didn't even knew, just to have Eddie to be killed. He never had a proof that the rest of the Hellfire club was satanist, Eddie was the only person on the crime scenes.  He also didn't even take two seconds to ask himself why Chrissy was in Eddie trailer. If she wasn't doing drugs, what pushed her to go there? Who knows. He just blamed Eddie and went on his revenge quest. I do think he was dictated by his anger and grief there, but it doesn't excused his actions.  For Max, he was full of good intentions, but I also think his worry for her came from his need to be the hero of the town. As person, he didn't gave a shit about Max. If he did, he wouldn't never have used Billy name in front of her for a silly basketball speech.  In the end, I agree with the fact he wasn't a really bad guy at the start of the season. However, he did crossed the line when he convinced a bunch of adults to go after the hellfire club for me. He became a villain with some grey areas.
Possibly she didn't tell Jason about her troubles because she knew he'd worry about her and make a big deal about it, and she thought she wasn't worth the trouble. Her family situation doesn't seem that great, which can ruin your self worth in a lot of ways.   I think people make Jason a shitty boyfriend so the Eddie/Chrissy ship doesn't have any competition too, which is lame.
I think it's weird that people make such harsh judgements of Jason as a boyfriend when his relationship with Chrissy gets 0 development whatsoever.   Quite often in shows where a boyfriend/girlfriend dies, they don't show what the relationship was like in any depth. They only show the aftermath of the death, the living partner grieving and how they respond to it. It doesn't mean either partner was terrible to the other, it just means the content of the relationship isn't important to the story, and the situation post death is what we are supposed to focus on.  Only the facts about the relationship that we are told are those we need to know for the story to work. Which is that Jason loved Chrissy but didn't know about her struggles. Which is ultimately what kicks off the storyline of him wanting revenge and drawing misguided conclusions. Therefore that's all we get told.
I agree with this statement 100%
Does it even matter if he was a good or bad boyfriend? Who cares? Jason was your garden variety, Bible-thumping, jock, douchebag and he got mixed up in something he couldn’t possibly understand. Seems like the Duffers just created Jason to tie in the Satanic Panic that was going on at the time and they did it well. Eddie Munson is based on Damien Echols who was one of the “West Memphis Three” who were wrongfully convicted of child murder during the satanic panic for very satanic panicky reasons.
As someone who grew up in a strict baptist household Jason reminds me of the people my parents spent years telling me I should be more like since they went to church more regularly than me only for them to end up in jail often for violent crimes while under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol then my parents denied ever claiming they were a good role model simply because they went to church.
Jason gets a bad wrap and no one bothered to find out if he has a hormone disorder causing excessive testosterone...
if you dont know what there going through or they dont tell not really much you can aside from forcing them to speak out
I 100% agree attacking Garrett was unjustified. On the situation with Lucas... I struggle to think of any character who would've walked into that house ( a murder house) and NOT assumed Max was in danger and Lucas (the only person around) was somehow responsible. Though I agree trying to shoot him was too much.
I think the fans projected a lot of their personal experiences with bullying into Jason's character.
yeah i’ve always understood jason’s relationship to chrissy as being akin to a trophy or a popularity contest. they date each other because it boosts their popularity and makes them look good, and i always got the feeling that chrissy was a bit of an object to Jason, something he has in his life. He is the star basketball player, he is handsome and popular, and he *has* a girlfriend. i’m sure he loves her 100%, but it’s a shallow love.  chill relationships are totally fine, don’t get me wrong, but chrissy definitely needed someone she could confide in. not necessarily about hallucinations or vecna, but just about the eating disorder.
I’m pretty sure the idea behind Jason was “what if there was a character who learns what’s happening but doesn’t believe it” (there’s a Duffer brothers interview somewhere, I swear). So in a way they wanted to create the anti-Steve. Which I enjoyed and preferred. I don’t think we needed another character to go through the same journey Steve went through before.
Yes because Max did exactly that with Lucas.
I love one bible quote makes all you people who hate religion immediately just say “I hate this guy” lol. No logic whatsoever. He didn’t use that until he saw a GENUINE supernatural murder.
Jason isn’t even close to the worst bully though, heck it’s always debated if he even counts as a bully.   Angela is probably the most realistic bully and gets the most hate. Troy is just cartoonishly evil while Billy is too hot to be hated as much  as the others (and they tried to make him sympathetic in season 3). Jason, I get some likely just saw as just an obnoxious jock but he accepted Lucas and was willing to ignore Eddie unless the latter antagonized him first.
Ya I just wish Jason would have either survived or died after he talks to someone apologizing and accepting that it is real
And actually in Max’s case, she wouldn’t have seemed insane since they (the kids) are all aware (unlike Jason) of the supernatural things going on in Hawkins.
Well I didn’t say I hated him or religion. I just said he’s a Bible thumper because he is. I even provided a reason for why I believe the Duffers went in that direction.
I feel like that was the whole point of his character though. To not believe. He would have continued to accuse the main characters of witch craft and considered it a cult. I don’t think he was close to understanding what was going on at all.
I believe Mason said that Jason would've helped if he knew about Vecna from the start.
Yeah. Whereas Chrissy likely wasn’t sure if she was going insane or what.
And in his defense, the actual explanation was far more difficult to believe.
I guess it kinda relates to people always thinking dnd (even now days) is a cult. (We only summon demons occasionally it’s not a cult) it was mentioned when mike and Dustin were looking for alternates in episode 1 season 4
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Um... that's a Conan pose, kind person. His guitar is Valeria. Lol the only reason I know this is I have the exact same Conan the Barbarian poster hanging up on my hallway. I bought it from Block Buster right before it went out of business. Lol its one of my most prized possessions and the oldest thing I still have.
It’s a conan reference. It’s supposed to be funny. It obviously doesn’t look like Eddie 😭 I think it’s how he sees himself
Guys, this is a parody of [80's metal album covers.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/0a/Manowar_kingsofmetalsalbumcover.jpg)
His arm is almost as thick as his torso
This is what Eddie would have painted on the side of his van
All I know is that If I was Joseph Quinn, I’d buy one of these shirts and wear it everywhere.
There are some proportion issues here in addition to the unnecessary    muscle mass.
It’s ‘80s metal aesthetics — of you weren’t drawn by Boris Vallejo then were you even metal?
 I don't see the issue. That's what my right arm looks like too.
What is with his forearm???
Meanwhile, every Tumblr fanart of him makes him look like a soft anime boy
I have a top with the same artwork but faded to look 'vintage'.  It's done as a metal tour top with the season 4 episode list on the back instead of tour dates.
WHY IS HIS ARM SO LONG OMG
That’s how Eddie sees himself.
His hand is not at all in proportion with his wrist
That is somebody elses face
I have a poster with this artwork and I love it so much. I've dubbed it "Shreddie Munson."
I have this poster, it’s a wicked take on Conan and 80s metal posters!
And his arm is body length
Why did they give him a leg for an arm?
This not their design
It was the style at the time
Looks like Morty when he had the "other" arm.
All I can see is Morty's arm from the Mad Max episode Rickmancing the Stone.
The week Eddie found internet porn I'm guessing.
It's giving Luke and Leia on the original Star Wars poster.
Armothy lookin ass
More like, He-Man.
😂😂😂
"Hot Eddie"
Guess we know which arm is used for jerking.
Grossly out of proportion
O wow hot topic still exists!
It’s actually a Netflix authorized design. It was at the Stranger Things Experience too.  I hate it. Doesn’t look like Eddie at all to me.
Unlike me, he beats with his right hand obviously
Idk who that is on that shirt, but it isn't Eddie Munson 😂
That arm belongs to someone else.
Hot Topic hasn't been relevant since before 9/11.
Mine looks nothing like that from hot topic. I have 2 of them and they look just like Eddie. That's cool though just doesn't look like Joe imo
He clearly did a lot more weightlifting on that one arm
That looks like Eminem
Holy shit his arms are jacked lmao
MANOWAR
TETSUOOOOOO
That is really fucking ugly.
Eddie would absolutely wear this
D&D Magical Spell Level 110:  +65 Fisting Arm Of  Cave Widening
This whole time I thought it was supposed to mimic he-man but Conan the barbarian makes way more sense.
So funny because I almost used  Schwarzenegger but I didn’t want to have to look up how to spell it. Now look what you make me do 😂 Being Hopper used Conan’s sword, I should have made t he connection.
Idk if Eddie is into Manowar
It looks like a shitty brutal legend t-shirt more then a stranger things shirt.
So we are not going to talk about the arm?
Manowar, Manowar, living on the road!!!
And it's official [Netflix merch](https://www.netflix.shop/products/stranger-things-upside-down-tour-giclee-art-print)
Thankyou. I worked on the design for this, the brief was to imitate 80’s metal album covers. People read far too much into things.
Isn’t it beautiful
Got that Trogdor arm 🤘
Exactly
That’s my opinion too. This graphic is cool but want something that resembles Joseph closer.
If you couldn't get Vallejo or Frazetta, you were nobody.
It’s bigger than his thigh!
Lots of "exercise"
Forearm days paying off biggie
Nice username
Commenter at the top is absolutely correct on it being an old Conan the Barbarian poster. The moment I read it, I remembered the poster in my brother’s room.  But I also know the Star Wars image you’re referencing and I can see the similarities. Someone else brought up He-Man. Must have been a popular composition for 80s movies.
Yup, easiest place to get affordable alt clothes
Because it's a parody of a [metal album cover.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/0a/Manowar_kingsofmetalsalbumcover.jpg)
That's part of the fantasy. 😂
Walmart sells this image as a poster, too. It still looks weird.
I agree
Yeah the first time I saw this design was at the ST Experience in SF.
Tell that to every tween and teen packing that store when we were there. Convinced that’s the only store keeping our 1980s mall alive.
Hot Topic didn’t change, you just got older
[removed]
It’s just supposed to be fun. Idk why people are always so bothered over it
It’s from all that guitar shredding!
When we’re in town, speakers explode!
If this is real, don't worry mate, you did a great job. I immediately thought of Manowar when I saw it.
Royo might give you a sideways glance, but only if you’re lucky.
He was trapped by himself in a house for 3 days, what do you expect?
Vallejo meets Dio  That was the brief.  Source- I worked on the design.
Oh Christ… Manowar… 😂😂😂
Malls are irrelevant and have been for years.
No, Hot Topic definitely changed.
It is fun.  But it looks like brutal legend.  Lol
Well, sputter…that’s pretty cool.
https://i.imgur.com/rXtS6qP.jpg
Fun, I'm having someone respond with Simpsons memes who probably wasn't even alive for the "glory years" (or whatever; I always thought the show was overrated crap).
Are you always such a downer?
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It’s shocking to realize how old he would become today, so I am not going to bother doing the math. I bet that the celebration would involve a D&D campaign of some sort though. With the whole party present of course.
Happy birthday to this absolutely amazing character :) I can't imagine the show without our boy!
Awww this is such a lovely post and that fanart is gorgeous. 😭😭   I love Mike so much, he’s the epitome of a comfort character for me. The dude is giving, caring, smart, selfless, quick-thinking and so kind. He’ll always be my favourite in the show and for good reason! I love that we can celebrate him with this post – thanks!
Yay Mike!!!! I really love the fan art you’ve picked.   That he picked flowers for Eleven to bring to California means he either went late at night or at the ass crack of dawn to find them is so sweet. It really shows his dedication and love for his girl.   Can’t wait to see where he goes in ST5 for all the reasons you stated, OP.
Happy birthday Mike!
it makes sense that he’s an Aries (“a fascinating combination of dreamer and doer, and will always put their talents to work in improving the conditions of those around them”)
Oh cool I didn't know he had a confirmed birthday. I hope we get a lot more of him in S5 too!
Birthday (ish) 😂 CaroSJ, you’re my favorite.
Nice
Happy birthday to my favorite character in the series...
I love this post, Caro! Happy birthday (ish) to our favorite boy! 🥰
Happy Birthday, Paladin and the ❤️ of the Party
Bit late, but I would never miss a chance to celebrate the one and only Mike Wheeler! Happy birthday(ish) to him!   Love the fan art, his dedication is so sweet ♥️
Where does it say his birthday is today?
YEAH BEST BOY BIRTHDAY (ish) WOOOOOOOOOOO
Yikes post
He'll always be that season one bean, though!
53 maybe?
A true Will fan loves and appreciates Mike!
>He’ll always be my favourite in the show and for good reason!  You and me both, my friend =)
Hopefully they do right by him, and allow him to be the leader he already is, only this time everyone actually listens.
Eh - it’s from the comics, so take it with a grain of salt, but I am embracing it for now.   And same! Us Mike fans have been quite patient with this. It’s time to put him back on the spotlight!
Aw, thank you!   And yeah, you just don’t know what the Duffers will pull with birthdays anymore!
Thanks! Means a lot coming from you 🙂
I was happy to see quite a few appreciation posts for him today! Have you seen them all?   He deserves all the love.
It was in the comic books.
“Best boy.” Something we can agree on 😉
They have come so far already!
I really didn’t want to know. In my mind they will always be kids. :)
Girl, what are you doing to me 😭
52!
You know it! :)
Yes indeed!
Yeah if we're still here from all the way back in 2017 or 2018 I think we've shown our investment for sure!  Thank you for the post. It's lovely. :)
I just expect everything from the Duffers at this point. 😂
I did see them! I love that we have a group of Mike defenders on this sub, and hopefully with each post we’ll slowly recruit more people 😂   I really do hope that they’ll do his leader and heart status in the group justice in S5, I would be so happy if the general audience got to see his greatest qualities shine through in a way they couldn’t possibly miss - it would be a shame if the show ended with most people not fully appreciating him as a character!
Yep Mike will always be my favourite character that hasn't changed
He deserves it!  And you know it! We’ve been on the Mike team for so long now ;-)
I could not agree more!   And here, have this lovely Mike appreciation post from Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/p/CqvnTpYA7fg/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=
So lovely to see, thank you!
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Kids:  Mike - Gryffindor, could be Ravenclaw  El - Gryffindor, could be Hufflepuff   Lucas - Gryffindor, could be Slytherin   Dustin - Ravenclaw, could be Hufflepuff  Will - Hufflepuff, could be Ravenclaw   Max - Slytherin, could be Gryffindor    Teens:  Nancy - Ravenclaw, could be Slytherin  Jonathan - Ravenclaw, could be Hufflepuff   Steve - Gryffindor, could be Hufflepuff   Robin - Ravenclaw, could be Hufflepuff
Will  - HufflePuff    Dustin  - Hufflepuff    Lucas  - Ravenclaw  (his firework plan was a genius idea.)     Mike  -  Ravenclaw  (he's witty and all his plans work.     Eleven  -  Gryffindor     Max  -  Gryffindor      Suzie  - Ravenclaw      Erica -  Slytherin        Nancy  -  Gryffindor      Robin  -  Ravenclaw      Steve  -  Gryffindor      Johnathan  -  Hufflepuff      Kali  -  Slytherin     Jason  -  Gryffindor     Eddie  -  Gryffindor     Billy  -  Slytherin          Joyce - Hufflepuff      Hopper - Slytherin      Brenner  -  Slytherin     One/Henry - Slytherin     Murray - Ravenclaw     Dr Owens - Slytherin
Lucas Gryffindor, Erica Slytherin, El Gryffindor, Mike Gryffindor, Will Hufflepuff, Max Gryffindor, Dustin Ravenclaw, Steve Gryffindor, Nancy Gryffindor/Ravenclaw, Jonathan Hufflepuff, Robin Hufflepuff, Argyle Hufflepuff.
Oooooh, I love this idea. Sorry for the long post!  *For the kids:*  **Mike -** *Hufflepuff*. Mike has a lot of qualities. He's brave and intelligent, he's a great leader with a quick thinking, but I think his mind quality is his loyalty. He always stand beside his friends and will do anything for them. I mean, one of the most iconic scene of Mike is him jumping off a cliff for Dustin, isn't the most beautiful proof of his loyalty? ***Alternative house***: *Ravenclaw or Gryffindor*. He's totally a Hatstall.  **Will -** *Hufflepuff.* I think he has all the qualities to be happy in this house and would flourished in there. This house is also one of the most peaceful one and I think Will need a house like that.  **Dustin -** *Ravenclaw*. He's a smartass and the most bookish one of the group, he's curious and witty, he's the brain of the party. ***Alternative house:*** *Slytherin*. I know, it's odd choice, but he's clever and resourceful. I mean, he did used the love Suzie has for him to hack his school network for a better grade (reason why Hufflepuff isn't for him, he's not always for fair play). I do think he's also ambitious and pretentious like the majority of this house.  **Lucas -** *Gryffindor*. He's the most courageaous of the party. I mean, he did slingshot a demogorgan at 12, that's really a brave move. He's also follow his code of honnor, a sign of chivalry, and fight for what he think it's right. On a more shallow side, Lucas is in the basketball team and the Harry Potter fandom often portrays the Griffyndor as the joke/popular kids of the school.  **Eleven -** *Gryffindor*. She's the most brave character of the show, she's the fighter and pretty courageous. She's often isolate from the others, but it never stops her to do what she need to do. She's overcome a lot of trauma and it's fight for the others, not even for herself. She's not my favorite, but she's really impressive.  **Max -** *Gryffindor*. Just the scene where she saves Steve from Billy justify this house for her. All her arc in season 4 show how she isn't afraid to face danger and to overcome it. The way she accept to be the bait for Vecna after his first attemps, so brave. ***Alternative house:*** *Slytherin*. Odd choice maybe, but she's one of the most resourceful character of the show and I do think she's ambitious enough to have her place there.  **Erica -** *Slytherin*. She doesn't accept to do things unless if she gains something from it, people have to play with her rules and not the other.  **Suzie -** *Ravenclaw*. We don't know a lot about Suzie, but she's intelligent and her knowledge did safe the world in season 3.  *For the teens:*  **Nancy -** *Ravenclaw*. Nancy possessed itelligence and wisdom, she's the brain and the planner in the older teens group. Also, she's analytical and independant, it's common traits for this house. And, she's also sometimes condescending like a good portion of this house. ***Alternative house:*** *Slytherin or Gryffindor*. She's one of the most ambitious character of the show and often use her cleverness to obtain what she want. She's still pretty brave, so Gryffindor could also be an option. Like Mike, she's an Hatstall.  **Jonathan -** *Hufflepuff*. Jonathan is an hard-worker and loyal to his family, he's a loving and kind person.  **Barb -** *Hufflepuff*. The main reason is her loyalty to Nancy and seem to be invest in her school work.  **Steve -** *Gryffindor*. Steve is the archetype of a gryffindor. Daring, proud, stubborn, passionate and reckless, he's the one who fight when it's needed. I also think he doesn't hesitate to help others, even when he's terrified, his moral compass make him to do the right thing in the end.  **Robin -** *Ravenclaw*. She's curious and witty, a bit weird and loquacious, she's a Luna Lovegood type of Ravenclaw. She's also really intelligent.  **Billy -** *Slytherin*. He's ambitious and cunning, he want to on the top and won't hesitate to destroy everyone on his way. He's also pretty charming and a good manipulator.  **Eddie -** *Gryffindor*. He did run away from a murder scene, but I think it isn't a proof of him lacking of bravery. In the end, he did accept to be the decoy for an army of bat and he put his life in danger (and died) for the safety of Dustin. He's a bit of Neville, someone who believe to be coward before showing his bravery in a fight. ***Alternative house:*** Odd choice again, but he could make a good *Ravenclaw*. Yeah, he failed his last year twice, but he does have a lot of qualities of the house. Creative, often planning campaign, he's showed some wit and is a good observator. And well, Ravenclaw aren't necesseraly hard-worker.  **Argyle -** I'm not sure here. I would say *Hufflepuff* for his loyalty to Jonathan and he has a job, proof isn't afraid to work. He's also really patient and accepting, so I think he could be happy there.  **Tommy and Carole -** *Slytherin*. They weren't great friends to Steve, they're almbitious and resourceful.  *For the adult*  **Hopper -** *Gryffindor.* Like Steve and Eleven, he's a fighter and fight to help the others. He's sometimes abrupt and showed sometimes disinterest in his work, but he still does his best to make Hawkins a better place for his family and his friends.  **Joyce-** *Hufflepuff.* Like Will, she has the most importants for this house and would be pretty in her element here. She's also a woman who work hard to give a good life to her kids, she's a good person to have as friend.  **Karen-** I don't know, *Slytherin* maybe? She wants a better life and nearly cheat on his husband to obtain it.  **Bob -** *Hufflepuff.* He's the most character of the show and was really loyal to the Byers.  **Murray -** *Ravenclaw.* He's curious and intelligent, a fine observator. He has a real need to know the truth, even if it's an ugly one.  **Brenner -** *Slytherin.* He's cunning, calculating, resourceful and give a lot of importance on the genetic of the people. I don't know if he's really ambitious, but it's a possibility. ***Alternative choice:*** *Ravenclaw*. He's scientist, he's curious and observing.  **Owen -** *Ravenclaw.* To be honest, we don't enough Owen to know why he is where he is, but like Brenner, he's a man of science, so I'm going with Ravenclaw.  **Henri -** *Slytherin.* He's a baby voldemort and hate humans, beside the special case like him and Eleven. He have the most appreciated qualities expected for this house.  Alexei, Dmitri/Enzo, Yuri would have studied in Durmstrang or Koldovstoretz, so no Hogwarts house for them.
Nancy is a slytherin 100% (she's just like me fr)  As for the others:  Mike, Hopper, Eddie: gryffindor  Dustin, Robin: ravenclaw  Joyce, Jonathan, Will, Argyle, El: hufflepuff  Lucas: maybe slytherin, but I could see as gryffindor too  Steve: gryffindor or hufflepuff (probably the former)  Erica: maybe slytherin?  Max: not sure. Maybe slytherin?  Murray: maybe slytherin?
El - Gryffindor, undoubtedly  Mike - Hufflepuff, he is loyal and dedicated to his friends  Lucas - Gryffindor, you need a lot of courage to trick the basketball teams and ran back to his friends  Dustin - Ravenclaw, or Hufflepuff? He appears to fit all except Slytherin. Sorting hat would need to sit on his head for a while before he finally decided himself  Will - Ravenclaw...I can't tell why but he somehow gives me the Luna/Cho vibes. And he is intelligent and has different ideas too.  Max - Gryffindor  Erica - Slytherin, see how she got ice cream in S3?  Nancy - Gryffindor, she is a warrior  Jonathan - Ravenclaw, the artist vibe and care to details  Steve - a classic Gryffindor being a little bit reckless but still brave. But it won't surprise me if he got sorted to Slytherin in the beginning with his S1's friends and the heritage (Regulus is brave but he also got sorted to Slytherin). Though he definitely lacks the cunning and ambitions of a Slytherin, but who knows he won't tell the sorting hat he wanted to be in Slytherin because he thought it was 'cool' in the age of 11 or 12  Robin - seems like a Gryffindor in S4, but maybe a Ravenclaw too given her ability to translate Russian in S3  Billy - Slytherin, a bit abusive and racist  Eddie - Gryffindor, he didn't run away  Argyle - Hufflepuff? At least he is loyal  Hopper - Gryffindor, never doubt his brave  Joyce - Gryffindor or Hufflepuff, I tend to say the former  Murray - has to be a Ravenclaw, if not Slytherin (as he is cunning too)  Enzo - Slytherin  Dr Brenner - definitely Slytherin  Henry/One/Vecna - Slytherin, he is the Voldemort in ST
El-Gryffindor; alternatively Hufflepuff  Mike-Hufflepuff; alternatively Gryffindor  Will-Hufflepuff  Lucas-Slytherin (he's the most practical in thinking through what needs to get done to achieve his goal; he's ambitious to try and gain status at the start of S4, but is ultimately loyal to his friends and works hard to both get Will home and save Max); alternatively Gryffindor  Dustin-Ravenclaw; alternatively Slytherin (because his want for recognition of finding a new species made all common sense leave his mind)  Max-Slytherin; alternatively Gryffindor
Keeping in mind that they all exhibit traits from all houses, all houses can be good or bad, and they all have people they love but there isn't a House of Love, here are my choices, based on each character's journey:  **El: Slytherin, secondary Hufflepuff.** Her journey is about becoming her own person and standing up for herself, even as she fights to protects her friends.  **Will: Ravenclaw, creative type.** He didn't the Upside Down for a week by being loyal or brave. He survived it by being smart. He's artistic, a great student, his DnD name is literally Will the Wise. His wisdom will probably play a part in the finale.   **Mike: Gryffindor, secondary Ravenclaw.** He's BY FAR the most chivalrous of the group. He helps others, and complements that with quick thinking and wit. He's the paladin.  **Dustin: Ravenclaw, academic type.** They're all nerds, but he's a straight-up genius, and thinks of things others don't (like packing food for El and not just weapons).  **Lucas: Hufflepuff.** He reminds me of Cedric Diggory. He choose to stay true to himself and be by the side of those he loves, even as he has the choice to move in a different direction.  **Max: Gryffindor.** She was willing to know more about what the others were going through even as it was risky, and she chose to offer herself as bait against Vecna. That's pure, unadulterated bravery.  **Erica: Ravenclaw, secondary Slytherin.** I was considering the other way around, but her journey is about embracing her inner nerd, and she's doing a great job at it. Coupled with her ambition, she'll be unstoppable.  **Nancy: Slytherin, secondary Ravenclaw.** Above everything else, she ambitious, curious and tenacious. Her smarts are combined with discipline, and a willingness to do whatever it takes.  **Jonathan: Hufflepuff, secondary Ravenclaw.** He's fiercely loyal to the point of thinking of others before himself. He's also artistic, and pretty observant.  **Steve: Gryffindor, secondary Hufflepuff.** He didn't have to go back and smash that monster. He doesn't have to involve himself in the whole problem. He could fuck off for a gap year in Western Europe if he wanted. He chooses to be there.**  **Robin: Ravenclaw.** She's the one I can pinpoint the least, but she didn't great job decoding the When Blue Meets Yellow in the West thing, and that's no small feat.  **Argyle: Hufflepuff, secondary Ravenclaw.** Huff Le Puff, get It? Ha ha. He's a true ride-or-die, he's chill af, and he comes up with smart insights and solutions.  **Joyce: Ravenclaw.** She's Luna Lovegood, Ms. Trelawney, Cassandra. She's right and nobody believes her. Love drives her, but it's her wit and intuition what makes her get there.  **Jim Hopper: Hufflepuff, secondary Gryffindor.** Again, chose this because of his journey, which is about opening up to love and belonging. He's always been brave, but loyalty and family are what make the difference by giving him a reason to fight and to live.  **Murray:
Gryffindor- Nancy Steve Lucas Hopper  Hupplefuff- Will El Jonathan Joyce   Ravenclaw- Dustin Robin Mike   Slytherin- Erica Vecna
Love this and LOVE how you likened Eddie to Neville. I totally agree.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This is sooo cute!! Happy birthday to the bestestest boy in the show! :P
Love it! Happy birthday, Mike!
Stranger Things was never the same since Disney bought it [Sigh].   Kidding but for real great to see my favourite character in rubber hose style.
Love you Mike❤️ I know a lot of people hate you but remember that I don't!
So thankful to celebrate this amazing character- he's inspired me so much, from his strategic mind to the way he is always thinking of and caring for the people he loves! Also something about him and Will both being spring babies is so cute to me :)
Oooh my birthday twin!
Happy Birthday Mike! He’s the best.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Question is- Can you actually play it
That's such a smart choice. Be proud of yourself; this is badass.
Very cool.. but those floors are even cooler!
This is absolutely incredible. But what's more incredible is your freaking house! I was wondering where in the world you went to take this photo because it's the most fitting atmosphere and then I saw this is in your freaking house (I had to creep on your post history because your talent is unreal)! This is absolutely amazing and I would spend so many fun, horror filled nights in there. 👹☠️
🤘🏼 RIP Eddie 🤘🏼
I was a Les Paul guy at the time (since graduated to Strats) and hated these (warlocks in general) when they came out. I had one decades later and enjoyed it quite a bit. Great action and playability. Good guitar for metal (tone and appearance).
Very very cool.
How did you do the crackle? i've got an old platinum from 89 that needs some love and that look might fit it
::Eddie voice:: what do you think?
It's a hoot and it's actually going to be listed for sale next week.
I think you absolutely can play it. Otherwise, you’d just have gotten a poster of it and called it a day. And my guess is you have already learned Master Of Puppets (if you didn’t know it already).
I saw you were selling and I'd definitely snag your house if I could.   But, they do say you can sell your soul to the devil - you got a connection since you have hell in your basement?
I don't kiss and tell haha
Some people really don't like sharing their good fortune. /s  Good luck on the upcoming sale and may Satan always be there when you need him. 🤟
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You have totally the right to dislike them as a duo, their dynamic just isn't appealing to you, that's all.  In my case, Steve and Dustin are my favorite duo (outside the romantic ones) because their dynamic remind me the one I had with my sister when I was younger. Their bickering and the way they talked to each others are familiar to me and their relationship is still build on loyalty and pure love. Yeah, they are mean sometimes to each others, but they are always there for the other when it matters. The "If you die, I die" line is maybe the best way to resume their relationship, because I do think it's totally true despite the bickering, because they truly love each other and would die for the other. And yeah, their banter are also really fun to watch.  However, if you don't have siblings or your relationship with them is pretty different, it could explained why you don't feel anything positive for them as duo. But hey, the others duos you mentionned are great too!
Hopper and Dmitri are seriously underappreciated. Poor old dads.
I think it should all be about balance. Gaten even said in an interview all the Dustin-Steve scenes were kind of shoehorned in because they were the only ones without a definite storyline.   It was definitely great for the writers to know that the Steve-Dustin duo was successful. But by Season 4 the interactions only became repetitive and I wished we could have seen more Dustin/Lucas again or they could have even tried to show us more Dustin/Nancy, Dustin/Robin, Steve/Lucas or Steve/Max. But at the end of the day it is all about balance and some people cannot get enough of Steve/Dustin and some are endlessly tired of it. Eventually we have to accept what the show provides.  I think in comparison Joyce/Murray felt more fresh because we have not really seen them interact one-to-one before because last season Hopper and Alexei were there as well.
No one ships Steve and Dustin 😂, they just have a good friendship.
I agree with the few duos you named, as all the cast perfectly go with each and every other character. But I 10000% disagree and am slightly offended you dislike Steve & Dustin duo lol. They’re my bois.
I expect they’ll be more trios than duos… Mike, El, and Will working together… Joyce, Hopper, Murray together…   I’d love if they paired Dustin and Lucas together again a la S2, as I’ve had enough of Dustin and Steve overall, and would really like to see Dustin with his friends again.  I would also really adore Mike and Lucas together because I loved the wingman dynamic Lucas had with Mike ST3. I’ve really missed their friendship.   More of Robin and Nancy would be fun because I think that would allow Jonathan and Steve to potentially pair up, and I think that would be a really interesting dynamic to explore.   As a whole, the Party will be together and that makes me glad. That character group is strongest and most enjoyable when together. Quintuple for the win!
I’ve always just loved how much of an unlikely duo Steve and Dustin are. They shouldn’t work together but they do.   I also find all of their banter in good nature - shows how much they care, really! Love the “too far” moment in the car as it shows how sweet their relationship really is, away from being funny.
I think maybe you're using the word "ship" wrong?
All im saying the byler ship is weirdd and byler stans are weird   (Getting prepared for the attack)
people WHAT
I really loved there whole talk about there respective children growing but they do fear it. It truly did feel like watching 2 dad just missing there kids hope Dimitri got back to Mikhail
Season 5 could be a good time for some interaction between Nancy and Dustin. Nancy is probably the one who can best relate to what Dustin is going through.
…Oh, you sweet summer child.
Maybe Mikhail is the kind of kid that would be impressed by a demogogon head, that of Yuri sold it on the black market.
An intresting possibility
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Separate Ways by Journey! The use of the remixed version to setup the danger ahead in S4E9, combined with the way the scene was shot, was perfection. Goosebumps every time I rewatch.
Psycho killer  Bit unrelated... but I find the lack of Depeche Mode and Roxette music baffling  [EDIT] Typo
Atmosphere by Joy Division in season 1 after the Byers learn Will’s “dead”… Also, Nocturnal Me by Echo & The Bunnyman (when Nancy crawls through to the upside down)   Really anything from season 1.
Sunglasses at Night - Corey Hart
Tarzan boy
Queen - Hammer to Fall. Used in season 2 when Steve and Dustin were in the car.
Moving in Stereo by The Cars plays when Billy is getting ready for a date and every time I hear the song I think of Billy
'We'll Meet Again', it fits SO well with the scene it's used in
If trailers count then Teenage Wasteland. In the show though, it has to be Heroes.
Twist of fate by Olivia newton John !! Plays at the snowball when Steve sees Nancy
It wasn't the focus of the scene but I LOOOOVE The Ghost Of You by The Psychedelic Furs, and it plays during the scene in season 2 while Jon and Nance talk on the hood of his car at school about Steve and the Halloween party and getting justice for Barb.
Never Surrender by Corey Hart
i love when bob and joyce are dancing to Islands in the Stream by Dolly and Kenny Rogers on Halloween :')
Pass the Dutchie when all the guys are riding in Argyles van S4
Spellbound by Siouxsie and the Banshees played over the season 4 credits
the bangles, hazy shade of winter.
Can’t remember
Open The Door by Gentlemen Afterdark in S3E1 :)
The one that plays when Joyce and Hopper find Will in season one and Hopper’s giving him CPR and also plays when Dustin find Eddie after the bats got him in season four. Can’t remember the name.
Should I stay or should I go
Metallica the four horsemen
The remix of Separate Ways gives me chills every time. It was a perfect song to go into the finale.   I forget the song title, but the one they played when Will’s fake body is found in season 1, and it’s repeated multiple time through the show, is also great.
Motley Crue, "Shout At The Devil". That scene is perfect.
Back to Nature by Fad Gadget is still the coolest needle drop in the whole show.
New Order is one of my favorite bands. “Elegia” was played over Will’s funeral. Perfect choice for that scene.
This is the one! The remix was soooooo good and I’m a little sad it didn’t get the same love of Running Up That Hill.
There’s so many banger 80’s songs that could be used haha
I was just about to say Atmosphere. It’s amazing in that scene
What always gets me is that Joy Division became New Order after Ian Curtis committed suicide.
Nice. One of my favorite Queen songs.
It's also the song playing during "that part" in Fast Times At Ridgemont High. The same part that the VHS was returned on.
Kenny Rogers.
It playing as Max died was soul crushing man.
Joyce grabbing the axe and sitting on the couch starting down the wall is just… *chefs kiss*  I miss season one 😭
omg thank you, made this post while super sleep deprived LMAO
I mostly remember it being with the Eddie scene, because it started playing as Dustin found him, and then I tuned out the music to focus on the dialogue, so I don’t know when it stopped.
I always felt season 1 was very much as if Jonathan Byers was writing down the story and putting the music together for it.
No problem.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Here's a short list of things that would ruin the legacy of ST for me:  1. Time travel to fix everything. 2. It was all a game of D&D. 3. Multiverses.
I hope they don't really do time travel. Cause it would just mess with everything's that happened.
Wow, two major misconceptions right off the rip!   Vecna's monologue brings up *measures* of time to illustrate humanity's persistent habit of defining the world in terms of their own mediocrity. I would go so far as to say people who mistake that bit of his speech as having to do with time itself are exhibiting the same anthropocentric chauvinism that he's kvetching about.   The Upside Down is definitely not frozen in time. Time is progressing quite normally. We know this for a number of reasons, so it's astonishing that this mistake keeps getting made.  If you're using "frozen in time" poetically in the way you might say Pripyat is frozen in time or the wreck of the Titanic is frozen in time, then that's fine. However, it's worth remembering that the lack of human activity makes it unusual. The passage of time is completely normal.  Anyway, time travel is #3 on my list of most stupid possible plotlines for S5. The only way they could do more violence to their own story is to have it all be a dream or a DnD campaign. That's not to say it won't happen. It wouldn't be the first series to totally crap the bed in the last season, but I get the feeling they have too much respect for their established narrative and the universe they created to do that.
I do think with just the insane amount of references to time travel that there is some time travel element to it a lot but I don't know what it is.
Agreed lol. If they include time travel some how it would ruin the show so badly for me.
Vecna snaps out of it, apologizes, helps rebuild Hawkins in a montage.
You are missing some of the most blatantly obvious bits of foreshadowing in the show.  When Nancy finds out that "the lack of human activity makes it unusual" she literally says *We're in the past*. it is metaphorically stuck in time, and they want us to think of it like that.  during is We Live in a Society speech, young Henry makes the grandfather clock move *backward* and then stop.  El's first words in the season are "We are all time travelers"... they are not even trying to hide it.
Like I said: it's not impossible.  It's just stupid.
watching multiple characters face the camera and say "we have traveled through time" then thinking "well i guess it's not *impossible* they're gonna do time travel" sums up this sub's media comprehension skills pretty well.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Looks like you had a great time! Thanks for sharing!
Super fun! Unfortunately not long before we were ready to leave, we stood in line to pay for a shirt I was getting the lights went off a bit with music still playing and we heard a few people saying "Is this a part of it?" So I took a video then seconds after I stopped it went pitch black briefly then a staff member ran to wherever and the lights came back on. Turns out there was a black out in the area but everything came back on. I got to pay for my shirt and we left. We saw some street lights were out.  Then after we finished dinner a lady approached us cause she saw my bag from the experience and asked when we went because she was supposed to be in for 9:00. I got tickets for 5:30 but to our surprise we were allowed in for the 5:00 slot. She said that she was turned away because of said power outage even though stuff came back on I guess staff got worried in case it was going to happen again. Who knows but she said she drove two hours and was absolutely gutted. I can't imagine having a long car ride only to be denied. Hopefully she gets to go another time because everyone got complaint cards.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It depends on what you mean by the party because there were multiple storylines/groups going on in season one.  Each season has had 3 to 4 groups that all tend to come together at the end.
They upped the scale of everything way too much. It's becoming too grand.
Well I think season 1 was the best and it got worse with each season after, like the first season was kinda interesting and spooky but now it’s no longer scary and I’m not even sure what it’s about anymore.
Nope at least not for me. Everything that they’ve been through is coming to a head so the party will be back together again
i agree to an extent, unfortunately :( i was rewatching season one last week in the same living room i first watched back when i was a freshman in high school and i got so nostalgic. i started to really miss how cozy and yet exciting it used to be. I'm grateful for more content but the charm just isn't the same
I actually don't mind that the party has grown apart over the years, because it feels realistic to me - also because I don't think they were the core element that made season 1 work, for I found everyone's part to be played to near perfection.  But yes, I do agree that the original magic has been at least partially lost. The small-town atmosphere and mature character writing, while still kind of there, has slowly faded away. They now seem to be relying too much on spectacle and world-building rather than letting their characters breathe, which tells me that the Duffers have misunderstood what made the show successful in the first place.  I still love the show how it is now, but seasons past have shown that it can be better.
I think thats because we fell in love with those 12 year old nerdy kids . So now that they’ve grown up we miss the nostalgia of early seasons. Like we miss our own childhood sometimes where things were simpler. Now there are too many characters. Unnecessary story lines (russia plot)
Money talks.  S1 vibes were indeed way different.  But when vox populi demands momma steve, fairy-tale plots, and romantic drama to consume, we get momma steve, fairy-tale plots, and romantic drama to consume.
I agree it's changed since s1 but imo it's just a different type of magic
No
I'm pretty sure it will be the og gang back together again in s5 tho
For me the magic has been gone since the first season.    It's amazing how they did so much with less back then.    I gave up on the show after season 3 and had no intention in continuing.  I just recently watched season 4 last Feb but that was only due to seeing on Twitter that Caleb finally got something to do with a bit more screen time.  It's still not close to what he had back in the first season though.  If I do a rewatch of seasons 2-3 I just skip ahead to moments I like and for season 4 I just rewatch select moments of the Hawkins team.  I do miss the interactions between the core boys.  I also think it was a mistake to not show their lives beyond the upside-down drama.  We should've seen their lives at school, more of the other kids' parents (the Sinclairs, Max's mom, Dustin's mom), them having dinner at each other's houses, birthday parties, etc.  I know this is controversial but the older teens (who just look like adults - too old now), always feel misplaced to me for the amount of screen time they get especially Steve, Robin and Nancy.  I don't dislike them but some times I feel like we see too much of them to the point that I'm wondering why I'm not seeing more of the kids.  I was watching an interview and I forgot what the question was but Gaten brought up wishing that there were just more every day moments like Dustin getting his learner's permit and Sadie said the same just wanting to see more life moments.  But alas they do not write the show so a lot of character defining/building moments are just not a priority.  Sad cause this show really could of been some thing.
Not to be the contrarian but I disagree as the story has changed and grown and the scale is now huge. But the core of the show it character haven't lost there core character traits and yet they have grown (and will continue to do so). I have often when discussing this likened it to the Epic Of Gilgamesh at the start of story he is arrogant King by end story he retains his arrogant but now it isn't for people less than him but for Gods and Goddesses of the Mesopotamian patheon. The reason I bring up the story is look at stranger things now Mike at Core is still loyal at his core, Lucas is still a fight prepared to do what ever it takes, Will is still scared of what's coming but willing to face it,  Dustin is still fun loving goof who keeps even darkest of stories up beat, 11 is still telepath learning humanity and the list really could go on but there main lot (plus Max is coma so can't really say much in regards to her). But to me that is why disagree because yes it huge and grand but core hasn't changed it just now it has lot more window dressing but you can still see through the window.
I always think that in the beginning of each season, but after a couple of episodes, it goes away.
It lost its magic after the first episode of season 3. It had it again briefly during the middle of 4 but it’s gone again
Yes
What kind of show doesn’t upscale as it goes?
Totally every character has to have a romance, the only reason Mike and will are even in scene together is cause of another romantic plot of will liking mike
Right? Lol. No. Each season is magical to me in its own way.
I wish they never split the party up and kept the first season thing where the party where mostly on their own and the older teens were separate. I wish they never partnered Dustin and Steve up too, they could've had Steve and Nancy be friends after s1 and Dustin stay with the party
In this case it's just really jarring. Small town mystery to the fucking apocalypse it seems.   You can tell a great, impactful story without resorting to "the world is gonna end"
Agreed
Yeah, I agree.  That was a major part of the magic of season 1 - keeping the boys together.  Like I said I like Steve but keeping Dustin with Steve over the later seasons pretty much ruined that core dynamic.  Steve helping out Nancy and Jonathan would have been great - maybe even show them working with Hopper too.  Then also there would be no need for Robin cause then Steve would already have a group to interact with.
Well they are fighting another dimension that bleeds into our world lol
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The way I seen it, Henry only helped those with exceptional abilities and Kali was one of them. It'd make sense, since he even mentions her directly to Eleven.
I very much think that they did, and I would not be surprised if it was 001 who helped Kali escape. He even mentioned her to El.
Nice observation! I find it plausible that Henry could have told Eight this as he did Eleven. Maybe once she got good enough she just had an opportunity to escape and took it, before Henry had a chance to get her to take out the implant in his neck.
Kali was in the lab with One so it would make sense if he gave others that same advice
Bom
I figured the very obvious similarities in the speech were intentional and we were meant to assume a kind of connection between Kali and Henry. Especially with Kali's name showing up in the crossword Dr Brenner did in the premiere and Henry mentioning 008 when he spoke to El.  Until S5 proves otherwise, my theory is that Henry also took an interest in Kali when she was at the lab and tried establishing a connection with her the way he did with El. It helped her strengthen herself enough that she was able to use her powers to escape on her own.
Kali kinda mentioned she escaped in her own
But Kali mentioned she used her powers to escape the lab. She doesn't mention Henry, but yeah he definitely could be responsible for her escaping from the lab. Maybe that scene with Eleven going inside the pipe, Kali might've just escaped and Henry couldn't have tricked her into removing the Soteria from his neck.  On second thought, this might not necessarily be the case because Henry wouldn't want to help 008 escape. There's probably no reason he'd want her to escape.. she might've escaped on her own. He helped and manipulated Eleven only because he related to her so much. But I don't think he relates to Kali as much as he does to Eleven.
Let's be honest, they say they had 001 planned, but everything points to the fact he obviously wasn't planned.
I feel like Henry is the type of person who bids his time and takes advantage of opportunities that come his way. He helped El because he would need her one day. This could have been the case with Kali. There is not indication that he was necessarily expecting El to remove Soteria, but I think he would use the first opportunity he got to escape.   He also had no Upside Down before El banished him there, so his plan may have involved needing help from some of the other kids.
Yeah he was kinda a last second thing.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Glad to see you carrying on the much-needed Mike analyses. Excellent work on this.
This is an amazing post, the likes of which I had not seen in a very long time! It is so nice and refreshing to see such love for Mike Wheeler, my all time favorite character and by far and away the most underrated in the show.  You have perfectly described what makes Mike so unique, complex and relatable. I love Finn Wolfhard's performance, and how he makes Mike so incredibly quirky, but also a determined and fierce leader, friend and boyfriend when he needs to be.   I love how Mike's home and school life have shaped who he is, both his qualities, and also his insecurities. He is brilliant, fast thinking, strategic, and yet also insecure and sometimes unsure of himself. He is loving, generous and great at talking people up and knowing what to say (and not say!), but also struggles to express his feelings for fear of being rejected. Years of bullying and being completely ignored (and at times undermined) at home have greatly affected his self esteem, and that is the main difference between him and Dustin (who is equally intelligent, but greatly encouraged and appreciated by his single mother).   Yet, Mike always pulls through when needed - whether it's to gain the trust of the lost little girl he found in the woods, to make his best friend feel like he can resist the Mind Flayer, or to come up with one (or twelve) plans that actually work to defeat the villain. His insights are always useful and his warnings (even when people don't listen) are always spot on!   He is also growing into his own and becoming more self confident, and that has been a joy to experience.   My boy is a beautiful peace of work.
This was such a well written characterization for my favorite character on the show! I don’t even have anything to add because you did such a great job describing who he is, why he’s the leader of the party and why he’s the heart. I can’t wait to see him back in Hawkins, leading the gang to victory against Vecna in season 5!   I like how you pointed out all the boys and what their roles are in their families. Will being the youngest is used to people taking care of him and catering to him, Dustin being an only child tends to make decisions without checking in with the party and Lucas being the oldest is used to being the protector and strong headed
You verbalized all my thoughts about mike. it frustrates me how people dislike his character, simply because he’s not the boy we’re used to seeing on screen. Especially when it comes to his relationship with el. Ppl don’t understand their relationship when it comes to mikes perspective. El saved mike in more ways than she’ll ever know. Not just with her powers, but by just being herself. Their relationship helped give mike the love he maybe always wanted. El sees him, hears him, and listens. And he always does the same for el. It’s frustrating when ppl think he loves her for her powers only. Even when he said he loves her as she is, as a whole-powers or not. El is strong and mike supports her through and through. Mikes character development was perfectly summed up by you. While his personality hasn’t changed (ppl confuse this with character development), it’s that stability that allows him to be the Paladin. And he’s also what el has always needed. There for her. Thank you for defending Mike when it seems a lot of ppl dislike him for staying with el through the good and bad times.
Love this analysis! By far and away my favourite quality of Mike’s is that he cares so much for his friends, and it truly is refreshing seeing a boy onscreen who is completely comfortable providing support for any one of them whenever they need it, even if he makes mistakes along the way. You’ve beautifully captured why many of us love Mike, so thank you!
Honestly, everything mentioned here is why I like Mike in the first place. He isn't your average boy. He gets to be flawed, emotional, brave, smart, ... all at the same time.
Read the whole thing twice. Thanks for the time, effort, and critical thinking that went into it! Great post!
This is an excellent post and I love the warmth you weaved throughout your analysis. Mike does a great job at subverting some prevailing gender-assigned tropes while miraculously _not_ being on-the-nose about it. It makes me appreciate those traits so much more and I agree with every single point you have mentioned.   Thanks for writing this up and sharing it here!! Really, really loved reading it. :))
I love this write up. Mike gets a lot of hate or is least liked but I think he’s a great character
Finally more Mike love here, everybody has been harping on Mike for his actions in season 3 and 4.
It’s so good to see some Mike love in this subreddit. You nailed everything perfectly. As someone who’s has Mike as their favorite since season 1 this make me love the character even more
Great post. I love Mike.
Very well done analysis. You should make a video essay!
Such a beautiful and nuanced description of Mike's character, OP.   As a staunch Mike/Finn supporter, I thoroughly enjoyed your perspective and agree with you wholeheartedly. Can't wait for Mike to shine in S5!
This is a really awesome post and wonderful breakdown of how Mike subverts tropes. And why I find him such a likable character.   He’s often so misunderstood, but the reality is that he loves his girlfriend and his friends fiercely and it shows. I can’t wait to see what they do with his character ST5.
Excellent post--thoughtful, analytical, and well-written. It also shows how complex (and, as others have said, underrated) Mike really is.
This is a quality write up I did not expect to see today.. Very well done :) Mike is indeed casted and written beautifully
I wish Mike had a better male role model than Ted. Like Steve is to Dustin, Ted has the emotional depth of a kiddie pool.
I agree with all this - and this is why I personally disagree with the marriage and babies traditional-gender-role ending for them. I doubt we'll see a wedding or anything,  but it would be cool if Mike were the character who is at home and domestic minded and children oriented.  Or if they remade the rules of marriage so there weren't traditional gender roles at all.
I just—  👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Incredible deep dive very impressive a joy reading it
👏🏼👏🏼 this is such an amazing character analysis. finally some mike wheeler love!
I love this, if you can, are you able to other analysis of other characters?
[removed]
[removed]
Thank you! Your Mike analyses are stellar works to this very day!
>great at talking people up and knowing what to say (and not say!)  This is such an underrated quality of his. Once or twice, he said something hurtful in the heat of the moment, but nine times out of ten, this fucking kid manages to say the exact right thing, at the exact right time, leading people to be able to say the day.
That means a lot coming from you! I tried to make this analysis as thorough and insightful as I possibly could. I probably missed a few points, but I'm glad you enjoyed it!
Thank you! ❤️  Yes, I can't wait to see him step back into his role as the leader of the Party again, either! I'm also looking forward to seeing what sort of arc he'll be given.  I found the sibling order of Lucas, Dustin and Will to be one of the most interesting aspects of the Party's dynamic. Whether it was intentional or unintentional, I thought it really helped to shape not just Mike's role in the group, it also shapes the rest of the boys' characters.
I never thought about their roles in their families but it makes so much sense
That's the beauty of his character. Some people just don't understand that flaws, not perfection, are what makes a character well-rounded and interesting to follow.
Thank you very much! It's my first post, and I was somewhat nervous about how it would be received given the number of Mike antis on the sub, so I'm glad you enjoyed it!
i think bc he didn’t have the same feelings for will, and ppl felt bad for will for that i guess? that’s the majority of hate I’m seeing. like doesn’t will deserve someone who’s going to love him back? mike establishes he loves el but ppl decided to shit on mike and el for being in love. Very weird.
I feel like the Mike hate thing is going to be like what happens with most media and it's already starting. Characters and movies/tv shows seem to go through this constant "Its overrated, its underrated, i hate them, i love them" type thing.  There was a lot of hate to Mike during and after season 3 and 4. But I feel like the months after when the hype of the show slowed down, people began actually coming to their senses and defending him more because a lot of the people who were shit talking him were really blowing things out of proportion. They would just make blank statements like how he's a bad friend but ignore things he's gone through in the show to make him emotionally scared to get close to people with how much he's almost lost them.  I dont know what causes characters to go through this thing of going from a well liked character to a hated one or hated to loved. But Im hoping season 5 really does his character justice and makes people remember why Mike is such an amazing character. I love all versions of Mike, but his character in season 1 and season 2 to me is the best character in the entire series over everyone, even other characters I love like Steve or Hopper. Not to say I don't love season 3 or season 4 version of him, but him being more underutilized in those seasons really didn't allow all his amazing traits to shine in the same way. So yeah,  I hope people keep seeing Mike in a better light but also that the Duffers really give it to them in the final season and make them regret all this hate.
The hate train should have stopped running a long time ago. No one, especially someone like Mike, deserves to be treated like this.
You are not alone with the long-term Mike love.
Thank you! I'm flattered! Maybe I'll work my way towards that since I'm kind of camera and microphone shy 🙈
Thank you! I agree that he is deeply misunderstood. He is for the normal people who couldn't imagine seeing themselves in a leading role on a show like ST.
Yeah, Mike really did draw the short straw in that department. I always wondered what his life would have been like if Ted was a more active parent.
I think Hopper and Mike are really going to bond in season 5.
Mike playing a domestic role is definitely an interesting idea to explore. While I do think marriage could still be on the table for them, I can see how Mike wouldn't want to follow in Ted's footsteps and refuse to give El the same kind of life his father gave to his mother.
Both the Wheeler siblings have character arcs about going against conformity and nuclear family expectations so I think the whole marriage and babies ending would suck royally. I'm actually not even sure if mike and eleven will stay together personally, for multiple reasons.   Plus, can you imagine Finn Wolfhard and Millie Bobby Brown in wedding outfits? Lol. I know they're like 20 now but it'd look like teens getting married on stage as part of a play imo.  Edit: Jesus they werent kidding on twitter, you even vaguely suggest Mileven haven't fixed their issues and you get downvoted on this sub.
Thank you, I truly appreciate it
Absolutely! It's just a matter of deciding on which character and an analysis topic.
[removed]
[removed]
Right! Loved that insight, I don't know if the Duffer Brothers did that on purpose but I think they did a great job leaning into their roles in their families and how it shows up in their roles in the party.  Mike is a middle child and always wants to work as team, and focusing on friendships definitely tracks.
I think you'll find the most vitriol coming from folks who are anti-Mike and anti-Mileven. It's honestly pretty weird since canon is quite clear. I would ignore them and engage in the positive notion of what the Duffers have been doing all along with El and Mike (where you can find it on here).
It would take a lot for me to buy and appreciate that after the horrible way Hopper treated Mike in ST3.  David and Finn very obviously get along, and have amazing chemistry, but I don’t think the writers took advantage of that.
None of the relationships have fully fixed their issues. No one ever claimed them to be perfect. There's still a season left to judge how successful and satisfying the storyline is. Really the case for all of them tbh.
Well your one did an incredible deep dive of my favourite character so if anything you deserve the thanks
Ooooooo
[removed]
[removed]
Oh for sure, I have no doubt they are the ones who do the most damage around here. I've definitely learned to keep my distance from them. The desire for clout is very real, even if it means spreading negativity and lies.
I think they're passed it though honestly even though Mike still is owed an official apology from him or at least to know what his letter said to El  because I don't think Mike knows any of it. I don't like how it went down or how Hopper treated him either but I feel Mike and Hopper relate to each other much more than they let on and have began realizing that. And both are aware of how much they love El. I'd like to see them put that away in the final season. It was a small a minute interaction but I enjoyed their quick you've grown, you've shrunk banter before a hug.  And you're right they have a lot of chemistry and it should be utilized more instead of just with conflict. The final season needs to give us a lot of things we didn't get to see in some of the relationships before. I want to see genuine moments between Nancy and Mike too.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ok now steve and billy. Get all the billy ships out
Thank god.
Glad to see it was out so soon. Did people actually like this pairing?
 Karen and Billy was the worst subplot on this show. What was the point of it
I’m not into this whole ship thing, but Joyce and Murray would be a fun couple
Link to vote: https://strawpoll.com/polls/XmZRx75Q9nd  Thank you to all the lovely commenters responding to my message on the last post, I really appreciate all of you! Also thank you to the person to let us know that a Byler account on tumblr told everybody to vote out Mileven, I had no idea that was going on but that makes a lot of sense since Mileven being out first didn't sit right with me.   I'm not sure what to do about this, I could start the poll again but I'm aware that the same thing could just happen twice. Let me know what you all think :)
Thank you god. Finally we’re making sense
If Murray and Alexei don’t win it all I’ll be so sad lol
Gotta get Steve and Billy out. I'm sorry but the whole "violently homophobic man is a closeted gay" trope is shit
now things are getting more interesting
Good! Ha I voted for that to be out.
How did karen and ted become 19th and BILLY AND KAREN 18th
Good.
How did they make it more rounds than mileven?
Steve and Billy should be out next, even if Billy survived those two would never have ever gotten together.
The Evil has been defeated!
Billy and Steve
Billy and Steve next!
Steve/Eddie out next🤌🏻
STEVE & BILLY💀
I hope Bob and Joyce wins
Steve and Nancy
Where do i vote billy and steve out welp
Steve and Billy
Steve and Billy gotta go
thank fucking god.  argyle and eden next!
Thank God. I was going to go for Murray and Alexei next but going for Billy and Steve since Billy gave him a concussion.
How tf did Mileven get out so early! I know they're polarizing in some areas of the fandom but really, over Jonathan and Argyle 😭
Bye, Steddie!
Can we get Joyce/Karen and ted/Lonnie and name them all Byler. And then rename Jancy to Byler and don't tell anyone which is which as to create the most chaos.
Its so weird mileven was out first, like they are not the worst- and im saying that as someone who doesn't ship them. Like Mileven BEFORE Billy and Karen??!!! weird
Get Mike and wills forced ass bullshit out of here
I’m really going to giggle when Byler never happens, they way those fans treat Mileven, El specifically as a character and even Mike is disgusting
My bets are on Dusty-bun and Suzie-poo
If Nancy and Robin don't win, we riot
How is wike still here?
Wait, where's Steve and Dustin?
Murray and Alexei still being in this a war crime
Eliminate Chrissy and Eddie
Maybe this should start over, since it got hijacked.
el and maz
People shipped Steve and Billy?
I want Billy gone
I get the point of having Billy but yeah what a douche.
How did Mike & EL get out before Billy & Steve??
People are gross.
Steve and Billy out next
hellcheer or harringrove
Why are you shipping kids?
Good. Karen needed to be yeeted.
I know it's going to lose but Max x Lucas is my fave
Yes all Billy ships are horrendous. He’s an abusive racist who almost killed Steve, is Max’s step-brother and abusive to her, Karen is married and El is too young.
I’m just gonna be here fighting for my problematic fave and my unpopular ship 😂
Agreed, Harringrove next
Nah- steddie needs to go next
i've never seen ANYONE support it  even the billy fans are super against it
Sure.
I've seen some ironical support, but I'm sure some people must ship it for real.......
Honestly? It made me feel sick😂 Billy deserved better than to be nonced on by her lol
To show Karen is unhappy with her marriage to the point of cheating, and Billy has mommy issues, I guess.
No point. If they hooked up, at least it would’ve had some relevance. All it did was find a dumb way to get Billy possessed and then give him a small humanizing moment when he didn’t flay Karen.
It's honestly just as bad as the lost sister subplot.
Ngl, this thought has crossed my mind 😉
The mechanics of straw poll makes it not “best ship” elimination, but “ship with least haters” elimination.  If op wants a redo I suggest reversing the poll, that is making ppl vote for their fav instead of least fav each round. Maybe we can get some interesting statistical conclusions from the two polls.
I agree that the best thing to do is to move forward. With any poll, there is a Response Bias because many people won’t respond unless they feel strongly (for instance-restaurants that have either two stars or five mostly-people who felt so so aren’t going to respond). If Byler ends up winning, it’s just because there’s more people willing to rally behind it than other ships, and (if it wins) that kinda shows that with this specific community of people, they are most popular. (Also to clarify-this is not me saying I want Byler to win, I honestly don’t really care one way or another about the Mike Wheeler ships).
Please don't start the poll again, I just want to get this whole ship nightmare over with. And honestly, I don't think it's cheating to get Byler fans from Tumblr, although sharing of the link on other social media could make these polls very one-sided.
Most of the tumblr fans who voted are also on reddit. They just lurk
Just want to again thank you for taking the time to make these! And I agree just keep moving forward.   I’ll be honest, I voted for Mileven right away, but only because Mike and Eleven together annoy me. I feel no attachment towards Byler.
I think the best way is to keep moving forward!! Thank you again for doing this!!!
Im very excited for the next poll. I hope we can blow through this one with little issue either way. I dont particularly care about mileven or byler or what have you, but there is definitely toxicity from both sides, and the people who do care about the ships are IMMENSELY passionate about them. Its gonna cause some strife.   Youve made a lot of cool polls so far, and ive thoroughly enjoyed them. I hope this one doesnt wear you down.
Byler fans didn't really cheat there, so we should just carry this poll to the end. I'm also curious to see what ship is really going to win this poll in the end. :)
It's a public poll Tumblr people can share and vote in it if they want too. A lot of them are also members here too from what I've seen on the Tumblr tag for byler. If you redo it then it will just happen again like you said cause it's public there is no rules telling anyone not to share outside of reddit and if there was I'd find that kind of stupid reddit isn't the whole st audience and at least by sharing it elsewhere it's giving more of a accurate telling of what ships people like or don't. I like what you're doing with this poll but I also don't have an issue with what byler shippers are doing either.
Good old Tumblr. They can brigade all they want but it doesn’t mean the ship will be canon.
You really should run these as vote for favorite and remove the lowest votes. Running it this way just gives all the power to people effectively brigading the poll.  Plus vote for your least favorite has a bit of a negative tone.
Same thing would just happen again, I’m on tumblr and found the accounts that have been posting about this poll. They’re still affecting the votes, so Byler is probably going to win. If another ship and Byler make it to the top 2 maybe we just call it a draw since the results will probably be skewed in favor of Byler.   Instead of a “winner” we could have a tie, which isn’t bad. Ultimately up to you, OP. You’re the creator and those of us with frontal lobes will respect whatever you decide.
I appreciate you doing these. I'll just share my opinion on this. I'm not vested in any of these "ships" and it's just too childish for me to take part in unlike previous polls. But I think you should revert back to voting for favorite. The hypothetical issue is that technically 2 options can  get 0 votes and hence you won't know which to eliminate..BUT let's be real. There will always be a different vote. Someone's going to vote for one option just for shits and giggles. Having done all these polls by now, were there ever equal votes? And even if there are, as the original content creator, you can break the tie. It's not like you owe an explanation to anyone. So, voting for favorite is going to avoid such brigading. Have a good one.
I would honestly just move on to the next poll.
Genuine question but who was homophobic?
Literally, do people think a relatively good husband and wife with 3 kids are less good together than a 40 something year old woman and a high school graduate?
They were added after the first round ended
Because there is a sizable portion of this fan base that despises either Mike, or Eleven, for Mike not being with Will. I can’t stand them.
yup agreed
Both Argyle and Eden are lit, way worse couples than that here, I'm ready to get out the Steve and Eddie, Steve and Billy, and Steve and Jonathan
jargyle is a cuter ship than mileven imo 🤷🏻‍♀️ some people like it
Byler fandom mass votes the poll, that's why
Idk why yall downvoting, as a byler this is hilarious
Privileged community/fans
when you say "forced", are you referring to the show forcing it or the fans? because the show doesn't do that at all lmfao
Yeah, I wouldn't have had a problem with the ship if the show handled it better, and if it didn't have some really rude fans (who call you a homophobe if you even suggest that Byler isn't a good ship). However, the show handled it terribly, and at least some of the fans are extremely rude, so yes, I think it's a bad ship.
You’re completely wrong, but okay. Most Bylers are El and Mike stans. They just don’t want them dating.
they’re not that awful tho 😭
Murray is 10 years older than Alexei, and they were clearly shown as friends, so yeah, it's a terrible ship.
It’s the second most popular ship in ao3.
Almost killed the kids too when he was driving at them
Not tryna claim he isn’t but what makes him a racist?
Billy/Steve may be unpopular here but they have the second most fics on ao3. Even if they get voted off next, which they probably will, that doesn't mean much in the grand scheme of things.
Fact that the Billy stans downvoted you is petty.
Agreed. I thought Billy/Steve was bad but I think I’ve actually grown to dislike Steve/Eddie more.
Absolutely! Billy fans care about him so we definitely tend to find it predatory and disgusting
Billy and Karen was so so so much worse than The Lost Sister!!
Worst i think since Billy was, oh yeah, 17 ☠️
That would be interesting to do after this poll is over for one round only, just to compare the perspectives
I wouldn't redo this poll altogether but I would certainly appreciate a second poll based on preferences. But since this one is active, let's play it till the end. It wouldn't sit right with me to end it now because one popular ship is out.
I could make one to vote for your favorite ship, and make it ranked-choice, it would be pretty cool to see the data. The only thing is that I don't know if people would get poll fatigue, although there's not much else going on in the fandom.
Yeah, it's a shame that people would ruin everyone else's fun but at least we know now! Thank you too!  Edit: I phrased this comment horribly wrong lol, I'm very tired so I should get off reddit now. What I meant was that it kind of upsets the balance of the votes as these people were voting with one joint agenda, but like I say it really doesn't matter all that much as this game is just to keep the discussions going.
I totally get it, I mean they’re not cheating and people are right this is a public poll, but the fact that they are coordinating synchronized votes (again, this isn’t cheating and is a valid technique) to ensure Byler wins at the end just leaves me questioning what the point of all of this is. Additionally, this makes me feel bad for OP who spends a lot of time working on this and the other poll games.   In all honesty, we should just crown Byler number one right now and then let voting continue with less swayed polling… until another faction of the fandom takes over and does the same thing lol…
I was so sad to see Mileven gone so soon :(  But now that it's gone, I really hope Lumax wins this game ❤️
I understand what you're saying, it's just a bit unfair but it sways the whole game toward one ship war basically. Like, it's not very representative of the actual ship ranking within this sub which is what the game is about. But it's done now, it's all just for fun anyway!
That's actually an interesting question. I don't remember Billy being homophobic either being heavily implied (like with his racism) or fully esplicitate (while many other bad characters did). I guess we kinda just assume he comes with the whole package lol  But also, I do remember his father calling him homophobic slurs. Maybe that's where the ship comes from? I should rewatch the whole thing, not gonna lie
I've seen Billy called homophobic before, but I don't actually think he's ever said anything homophobic? Steve is the one who calls Jonathan a slur in season 1.
Nobody hates Mike OR Eleven.
no byler shippers despise mike or el. trust me, i’m one of them and i’m on the very pro-byler side of social media and NOBODY despises either of them, and if they do, they’re shunned.
That’s pretty sad. Mike seems so overhated
I kinda see it, haha! It's just pretty rare that's all- didn't mean to put down your opinion :)
The fans, the show literally shows no connection they are just friends, and clearly Mike and eleven are a good connection, fans are something else
-eye roll- Yes I’ve seen how they’re fans of them. Butchering their characters, claiming Mike is an awful person but somehow wanting that awfulness for Will, using El just as a vessel in this non existent ship, as if she’d be ok being left by Mike and him suddenly dating her step brother? I know how women in fandoms are treated when they are seen as a hurdle in a made up mlm ship. Y’all aren’t anything new.
Because the show has spent 4 seasons showing how meaningful and important El and Mike are to each other. A lot of people are down with unrequited crushes so I guess he’s relatable
I feel like it’s considerably worse that Mike and El or Karen and Ted
He told max not to hang out with Lucas and implied it was bc he was black and then attacked lucas specifically and told him to stay away from max
It’s very straight forward and obvious if you have watched the show
He told Max that Lucas one of the “certain type of people you stay away from.” Both the Duffers and Caleb McLaughlin also confirmed it.
Yep, the fandom for them is really talented! I’m sure they will get voted off next, but they’ll still be my favorite ship regardless ☺️
Only second? Which ship has the most fics written?
It’s just cause they’re both so hot
There is a shocking amount of them out there
I’m pretty sure he was 18, hunch legal but still freaking creepy.
They did that last time. Problem is, 2 options can get 0 votes and hence which one to vote out.BUT that's a rare occurrence. And definitely doesn't allow brigading like this.
is it really "ruining everyone else's fun" to increase the sample size of a poll?
I completely get where you’re coming from, the idea of people voting collectively rather than as individuals definitely does impact the integrity of the poll.  Hopefully it doesn’t bother you too much though, you’ve put a lot of effort into these polls so I’d hate to think that they’re causing you any undue distress 🙂
Byler is going to win the poll with their votes, it's sure, but I still think it's fun to see the places of the others ships in the game. I mean, my favorites ships are going to be eliminate in the next two or three rounds, because they have a lot of haters, but I have some hope for Lumax to make it in the top 3 and I want to see it.
Me too, it's also a ship like by everyone, so they would totally deserve this spot.
I mean imo I think other shippers should share it in Tumblr tags too if they want. I just don't get the whole upset over ships being voted out from any side lol. I'm a stancy shipper who fully expects them to go earlier than other ships that should be gone.
i mean to be fair, i dont think results are gonna be that accurate either way when it comes to ships. since the framing of the question is "least favourite" people are not gonna vote for the objectively worse, but forgettable ships, especially when people are pretty passionate about what ships they like/dislike.
exactly this, people on this sub see one tweet about someone hating mileven and think every single byler shipper wants el to die like 💀
Personally I don't really like Mike much, but also don't like Byler, probably for that reason though, and the couple name sucks
>That’s pretty sad  It's also false.   By far, the most hate I have seen for Mike has been on this subreddit, and Byler opinions here are usually heavily downvoted.
no it’s ok! i just doubt it’d be peoples least favourite because most people barely know it exists so it wouldn’t be their least favourite yk
most of us are huge fans of mike actually and don’t think he’s awful. and we also love el. just because we think she’s better off without mike doesn’t mean that we’re misogynistic or something 😭
eh i disagree but it’s hard to compare when those two are canon and this is more of a hc. i’m not a fan of mileven but i will say i think karen and ted’s relationship is worse than one between murray and alexei
Wouldn't say it was that obvious. By 3rd season I totally forgot about it.  It's only mentioned in season 2 and mentioned twice.  I think the writers regretted making him a racist by 3rd season when they tried to make a more sympathic character.
Steve/Eddie
He was 17 in season 2 when she was flirting with him. He had only been 18 for like 3 months when he died. Creepy either way for sure though
I was just thinking after the results of this poll, to have a one round only voting for favorite, to compare the winners. Definitely not suggesting going through all the rounds like with this. I definitely see what you mean though
I personally don't have a problem with it, but I would say it ruins the purpose of the poll if the sample size is increased to fans of only one opinion.  It would be like doing a poll of people's favorite state with a small group from throughout the United States, but then the number of voters are tripled by inviting a ton of people from only Wisconsin, for example. Then the whole poll is kind of meaningless.  Or doing a poll of people's favorite television shows... On the Stranger Things subreddit.
Exactly. What does it say when it’s a bigger pool and a different outcome? It was biased from the beginning, obviously.
Thank you! I think it's best just to laugh it off to be honest, these are for fun after all and as somebody pointed out it's a public poll so something like this was bound to happen. I'm still enjoying watching it all unfold!
Minus all the Byler stuff, I feel like Lumax and Jopper will be fighting for the other top spot!
Yessss it's my current favourite ship, especially after season 4 they're so adorable !! 🥰
Yeah, I have my own problems with some Byler fans, but it's not true to say that they hate on Mike, or Eleven.
I know a group of about 12 people that watch stranger things, and they all hate Mike. On buzzfeed there’s a poll about what your least favorite character is, and 50% of people picked mike out of all the characters. Not saying everyone hates him, but he gets more ridicule than the other characters unfortunately.
For sure! I've seen it a few times here and there but like you said, it's not big enough for people to really have a strong opinion!
But you don’t think that lol. This isn’t because yall care so much about El, it’s because you want Byler and you see her as someone who stands in the way of that. El has shown multiple times she can be independent. Entire storylines focused one it. She can be badass and had a love life.
I’m pretty sure most people only think Karen and Ted have a terrible relationship bc they only share a handful of scene and they’re either fighting or she’s debating whether to go sleep with Billy or not.  People need to realize that some people can just be friends. Murray and Alexei had no romantic chemistry or vibes *at all*. Ntm Murray is *10 years older* than Alexei. I’m gonna be honest I didn’t even realize this ship was a thing until this thing.
But when it is mentioned those few times, it’s very obvious what he’s implying
Yeah they really tried to make us forget how awful he was in season 3.
I remember it became a weird competition and got super dramatic for a while there 😂😂
Wow, they had like one scene together 😆
They do seem to have some weird sexual tension, if nothing else I think Eddie likes Steve
I mean, we all knew when we were heading into the ships poll that it would not go remotely the way you'd expect, although idk if there's any point in voting anymore if Bylers just gonna win.
I think it's the obvious endgame now, but I'm not against more surprises. It's what make theses games fun!  I just hope everyone will accept the outcome of the game and they won't blame the OP if it isn't what they want.
Yeah, they are really the best canon couple of the show.
you’re just making assumptions for no reason. you’re acting like the fact that i want byler to happen and i think el is better off without make cant coexist, because they do. i wouldn’t ship byler if i thought it meant that el would be miserable.   also, i agree she has shown she can be independent. season 3, broken up with mike, season 4, away from mike after they had an unresolved fight and also she will in season 5 as foreshadowed by the final scene. i’m not saying she can’t be independent and have a love life. i don’t care that much, i just happen to think that she should be independent, and that she shouldn’t be with mike.   that doesn’t mean that’s the reason i want her to be independent. i don’t have an issue if you disagree with me, what i don’t appreciate, though, is you making assumptions of my opinions which are just false because you’re trying to make me look bad. maybe if you listened to my actual perspective instead of just pushing one on me you might understand.
but i mean it’s just a ship for fun😭 i don’t see why there’s any problem with people liking it romantically.  also karen and ted having a bad relationship is like canon. nancy talks to jonathan about how her parents ‘were never in love’ and they just settled down and started a nuclear family.
Not disagreeing. But the person you replied to may have forgotten.  I did, when going into S3. There was a 2 year gap between the releases of the two seasons.  And like I said it's never mentioned again in S3.
hey, the lengths people will go for their fanfiction even with just one scene to sustain them is incredible 🤣
The actors had some powerful rare chemistry, not gonna lie
Yes, there have been some fun upsets in previous games too! In regards to OP, I think that’s where my very mild annoyance stems from. Like, OP is doing their best, don’t be mean to them.
She has shown it in s1 and s2 and how do you think El is gonna break up with Mike amicably after we’ve seen how much they mean to each other, see him suddenly develop feelings for his best friend and if that happened that would mean those feelings were already there while he was with her, meaning their relationship was false, and she would be ok with all this? And I’m supposed to believe yall like her and wish her well.
I understand it’s just a ship for fun, but it’s time for it to get out of the running for best ship.  Also I completely blanked on the conversation between Jonathan and Nancy, so that’s my bad.
If it brings people joy it's cool with me. Personally I just can't see Steve liking someone else while he's still hung up on Nancy.
obviously she’s not gonna be happy about that. but that’s like saying she should stay in a relationship that makes her feel insecure and that is possibly ‘false’ because mike likes will, rather than breaking up and being sad about it. like what’s really better off for her in the long run. hypothetically to you, let’s say mike does actually have feelings for will. would you say that they should stay together just so el isn’t upset about it? or is it not better that they break up since mike doesn’t actually love her.   and just because they mean a lot to each other (which i fully agree they do) that doesn’t mean they can’t be friends. inevitably they’re not just gonna break up with no hard feelings and become best friends, but it’s better to think about what’s best for them in the long run rather than just keeping el ‘happy’ in the moment when i don’t think she’s actually very happy with mike anyway as of season 4.
fair enough but it could be argued there are worse ships than that. i guess at the end of the day it’s a matter of personal opinion
fair enough! i've checked out a few steve and eddie fics myself because i was curious what the hype was all about, and they're (mostly) pretty plausible in the way they tackle steve's feelings towards nancy. usually, he remains fond of her but is able to let her go eventually. i doooon't think that would happen on the show, however. lol
As a Steddie shipper myself, it's more just about finding someone who's more compatible for Steve so he can be truly happy. He might be hung up on Nancy, but because of what she wants for herself, their life goals are incompatible. She's not going to give him six kids and a white picket fence, and he's not going to be happy being married to a career woman and not having a family of his own.  Eddie's at least a plausible option because he cares about Dustin and Mike a lot, and it's easy to extrapolate that he might be more of a family kind of guy than Nancy is a family girl.
completely agreeing with your thoughts here.
But Mike doesn’t have feelings for him tho. Like why would the writers do that to El? I’m not saying it would be good, that’s why Mike doesn’t have feelings for Will. And yall forget that they are teenagers, like obviously they aren’t gonna be expert communicators but they clearly care for each other a lot and are willing to work on their issues. I don’t see anyone slamming Lumax even tho they had issues too.
I totally think there are worse ships (*cough* anything with Billy in it *cough*)  Yeah it is personal opinion though and I respect that you were respectful throughout this conversation abt that.   Have a nice day/night!
I'm sure there are a lot of great Steve/Eddie fics, at least Eddie seems like a good pair for Steve unlike Billy lol. I ship a lot of characters from different media myself, but when it comes to Stranger Things, the canonical couples are so good and well-established that I just can't bring myself to enjoy fanon ships. For instance, I really like Will and I'd like him to finally be happy and maybe get a boyfriend. That boyfriend could be Mike, but Mileven is such a wholesome ship, they've been through so much together and mean so much for each other. I can't ship Byler because canon pairing is just too great. I didn't mean to write this much I'm currently rewatching the show and it's been on my mind, I guess)
See, that is where we argue that yes, there has been hints since season 2 that Mike may harbor similar feelings for Will, even if he isn't fully aware of them yet. We  truly believe it's a real love triangle and that Mike is in the middle.  As for Lumax, the reason no one slams Lumax and their struggles is because it was made VERY clear by the end of  season 4 how much they love each other. They had  the most romantic coded dramatic death scene of the entire show, and Lucas was beyond loyal and once he figured his own personal stuff out, came back around and stuck by her through her grief and dealing with vecna. "I see you now," Like come on...that line is so romantic. El and Mike had ZERO scenes like this that told me their feelings. The "love" confession was awkward as hell and only initiated by Will himself and Will's feelings. Then after they made it to Hawkins the two characters who had an intimate heart to heart with soft lighting??? Was Mike and Will.
that’s why i said hypothetically… and the writers are doing whatever it is they planned. a good story isn’t all about making everyone happy, it’s just the realistic way to go. plus they’ve also set it up to show that el isn’t happy in her relationship with mike, hence why she’s better off without him.  and i get your point! it’s clear they care a lot about each other, and they may be willing to work on those issues. i think the difference with lumax is that their issues were caused by external factors (billy’s death and max’s depression) whereas mike and el have issues within their relationship (el lying about lenora because she thinks he won’t understand, mike treating her like a superhero etc). not to say they can’t resolve these kinds of issues, but considering that it’s a tv show and not real life, the fact the writers highlight the difference just goes to show that maybe it isn’t working out? hey, even caleb and sadie said in an interview that “their love is real, it’s not like mike and eleven’s”  but really besides the issues, if it turns out to be true that mike has feelings for will, that is the main catalyst in the breakdown of their relationship. idk if you’re willing to look into it but from our perspective there are hints that el knows something is going on between mike and will and that might be why she’s upset with mike after the monologue.  again, not saying that el is going to be happy about them breaking up, but she won’t be that miserable either. if it turns out that byler was planned for a while (i’d say around season 2-3) then it’s likely that’s what’s gonna happen and the duffers will have found a way to resolve this without hurting el too much.  and if it doesn’t happen, then that’s fine as well. i think it will but i’m speaking hypothetically to you just so you get my perspective :)
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Oh god I thought it was Mark Zuckerberg
looks like zuckerberg after a coke binge
I think it’s really nice your parents were thinking of you and your interests. Also, there was clearly a two for one on the Zuckerberg collection.
Cursed Eleven
It looks like a Mii
Looks like Timmy from south park
Looks like Mark Z
It's cute in a weird way
She looks very dumb but very cute, excellent plushie!
This isn't El. This is Zuckerberg
Suck wants his doll back ha
Could've given her eyelashes and done her hair different 💀
the doll is.. um… interesting, but it’s so sweet of your parents to think of you when they saw it 😂❤️
That's 10.25, not 11
In case you were wondering, the hair is part of her head.
Ben Savage has a nose bleed.
The Zucc has a nose bleed
MARK ZUCKERBERG
Eminemental patient.
I want one 🥹
Looks like Dan Soder
Definitely thought this was Orel from Morel Orel 🤣🤣🤣
CEO entrepreneur, born in 1984, Marky, Marky Zuck-berg
 Nice
I’m sorry but-     O 👄O
She looks so silly but I love it🤭
Thats 9 from curious items
Imagine having such a big forehead🤣
All the Zuckerberg comments gave me a hearty laugh this morning. Thank you all.
Yikes, that is hideous! I hope that’s some cheap knock off.
hhahahah my sibling and I saw these dolls at a store in WEM and we died laughing. it’s ugly AF… i kinda want to go back and get one
This. Is. AMAZING.
It's ugly
looks like it’ll end up in a haunted doll museum in about 10 years
The blood nose lol
idk why my first thought was, “is that a carrot?” (the nose bleed)
I wanted to comment that it looks EXACTLY like Mark Zuckerberg, but someone was faster :(
Zuck
Thats 9 from curious items
That’s Mark Zuckerberg
Thats zuck
I think that a robbery might occur.
Scrimblo
Its mortys hair for sure
Facebook lizard
So cuteeee
Bro that’s twelve
Wii character Eleven.......It is a Millieven.
Hate to break it to you but that's Eli not eleven
Bro got a fro
If her nose starts bleeding…
SAME!!!
Ok I thought it was just me 😂
Mark Zuckerberg…omg I see it. Lol
Zuckerleven
Came here for this exact comment, thanks.
It's anime horny Mark Zuckerberg
yep
it's a perfect zuck plush
Lmao everybody would say the same thing 😂
Damn I'm late. So MZ
My exact reaction thank you
OMG SAME I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE LMAO!!!!
Hahaha yes! Despite the doll's odd appearance, it's very sweet that OP's parents got them something relating to their interest :)
I'm not sure anyone was wondering that
LMAO
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[https://archiveofourown.org/works/14720318/chapters/34022381](https://archiveofourown.org/works/14720318/chapters/34022381) Probably one of the best stranger things fic ever made  [https://archiveofourown.org/works/19787002/chapters/46844245](https://archiveofourown.org/works/19787002/chapters/46844245) Not complete but still good
I mean I write funny ones that give Upside Down wild life a lot more personality but you said plot focused so not exactly what your looking for but it isn't ship based at least.
Sure. I write fanfic that's based between seasons. It's like an expanded universe, filling in events about the characters and keeping to the show canon. You can find them on Wattpad by searching TheCommonThreads.   I have two series, Stranger Teens (dramedy scripts) and A Stranger Things Story (first person anthology).
I think its funny to picture Vecna working out, or cooking dinner, when hes not doing his cerebro thing.
Well while I work on those have look at this see what you think  Will "I am in another dimension what am I going to do"  Demogorgon "your going to be eaten that's what"  Will AAAAAAAAAAAAAA [perfectly in harmony]  Demogorgon "woah you sing"  Will "what"  later that week   Demogorgon in director chair "and  Demogorgon 1"   Demogorgon 1 oooooooooo  Demogorgon in director chair "and Demogorgon 2"  Demogorgon 2 aaaaaaaa  Demogorgon in director chair "and will"  Will "should I stay or should I go"  Demogorgon in director chair "Will your sing like you want us to like you"  Will "well you said I would get eaten if didn't sing"  Demogorgon "oh yeah let's eat him guys"  Will "shit"  Will runs in Castle Byers starts singing   Demogorgon "ah singing is so awful let's not eat this one  Demogorgon 2 "agreed"   And that is how Will first week in the Upside Down went Canon lol
Lol, its beautiful
Glad you like it 100% canon I swear
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Mike is incredibly good talking about his feeling but what struggle with is the fear of losing people around him which considering all the deaths and near deaths he has had happen around is incredibly understandable.
Seriously. Mike is probably the most emotionally expressive character on the whole show.
I think it's because he's not really good at figuring out complex emotions stuff (which, men born in the 70s US have high rates of "subclinical" or "normative" alexithymia, so that's very very normal for him as a tween/teen boy). And there's getting defensive or blaming people in stressful confrontations, again, very normal for a tween/teen boy. But when he opens up and talks he talks pretty good.
Yeah I really like the way he resolved his spat with Will and explained how he wanted to work as a team and be best friends. Also how he explained perfectly to El why he hasn't said I love you and then finally professed his love to her.
His monologue to El was such a amazing example of this. The way he reflected on their argument and responded to what she brought up was amazing. That he loves her unconditionally, why he was unable to tell her he loved her, that he feels his life began the day he found her, that he doesn’t know how to live without her, that he’s never been afraid of her, that he knows that she is capable of anything. No wonder he and the Duffers were so excited for that scene! It was perfect!
I’d argue that it’s El who struggles to talk about her feelings.   She’s comfortable telling Mike she loves him, but she’s been struggling to open up about pretty much everything else. We see she’s still like that at the end of season 4, when she’s failed to tell Mike & Will about what happened to Max, and prefers to shut herself in her room and battle finding Max on her own.   It’s El who we really need to see open up and let people in. But so far, the writers haven’t let her.    Giving Mike the reassurances that she isn’t going to leave him etc would have been a great moment in their relationship, but instead that job was given to Will, who was left to speak on her behalf. And while the scene is moving and effective, it takes away El’s own voice once again.    A lot of this seems to be the writers preventing her from being placed into conversations where she could open up properly. And while there were speech and language barriers that got in the way previously, her standing up to Papa in episode 8 showed that she can really express herself now.  But obviously it’s not just about talking, it’s about listening. The last time she really sat down with Mike, he tried to understand her and related her experiences to his own childhood bullying. Instead of explaining herself, she promptly shut this comparison down and we didn’t see Mike learn why.   The final season is the final opportunity to really address all of this and give her character, and therefore her relationships, a lot of growth.
For sure! When he feels comfortable to open up to someone, he's really great at communicating and putting into words exactly how he feels. I love his conversations with Will especially because he always asks questions to ensure that Will's following- "does that make sense?" and things like that, so he's clear that Will knows exactly what's going on. On the other side of things, he's amazing at really listening to Will and not just what he's saying, but how he says it, and he genuinely makes it clear that he's making an effort to understand. When Will is talking, Mike shifts his focus completely to Will, helping him feel like he can tell Mike anything and that nothing is more important in that moment than hearing what's on Will's mind, and I love that :)
When does he struggle to figure out complex emotional stuff? You have a specific scene in mind?
100% agree. for most of s3 el is avoiding actually explaining to mike why she's upset and instead fake-breaking up with him, and when she forgives him she does so by giving him candy instead of actually saying anything. then in s4 she actively avoids explaining herself to him until he forces the issue.  it makes perfect sense she's like this bc of her barely even talking to anyone at the lab, where no one even asked how she felt.  and i definitely think she has a problem with refusing to *listen* to mike's emotions, like when he's uncomfortable with the topic of ILY.  >And while the scene is moving and effective, it takes away El’s own voice once again.  exactly. i hope that the van scene isn't actually what's meant to convey el's feelings bc el has zero control over the matter. she should be the one who decides how to express her feelings to mike.
Let's preface it with, again, that it's very normal for a boy his age and situation. S1 he struggles to see Luca's perspective. S2 he can't really deal with Max, Dustin and Lucas crushing on her, Max being the new kid in town etc. S3 Max's outburst, Will's abandonment issues. S4, El feeling like an outcast or why she'd lie, Will's abandonment again, van scene crying, etc. He'll grow into the open and expressive thing but he doesn't have the experience to handle some of the more complex stuff yet 🤷
> playing mind games with him  I was with you until here.   She's a fourteen year old girl without any kind of healthy foundation for communicating with people. Ascribing malintent to her like saying she's playing mind games with him or implying she's manipulative is pretty unfair.  For example, when she lies to Mike about having friends in Lenora she's NOT lying to be manipulative. She's lying because she's embarrassed and doesn't know how to express or cope with that. Hell, her verbal skills are so low, she might not even understand how to label her feelings.  I used to work with troubled kids and practice emotional coaching. It's rough. People don't understand what a skill it is to be able to identify and label feelings until they meet someone who doesn't have it.  There's likely many other instances you're currently thinking of as manipulative that if you step back and remember the wide breadth of her trauma, is more probable that she's trying her best but lacks the skill set.  I don't think Eleven has the skills TO be manipulative successfully.
It's a hyperbole. I was referring to her dumping him in s3 which was just meant to make him apologize to her, and her continuing to let him think it was a real break-up when he claims it's "just a break".  >if you step back and remember the wide breadth of her trauma, is more probable that she's trying her best but lacks the skill set.  yes, that's why i said that it makes sense she acts like this considering her experiences at the lab.
I think she's just frustrated with him in season three. She also doesn't know how romantic relationships work, having never seen one in real life. Hopper's been single, she didn't have any examples in the lab. How would she know how to navigate one?  I don't think she was 'trying' to make Mike do anything. She might not have even understood what a break up is.
Max made it pretty clear that the point was to make him come crawling back to apologize.
Ok. Max said a lot of things.  Do we know that Eleven knows what a break up is? Or that it's usually permanent? Or how hurtful Mike would find it to be broken up with? Because watching those scenes it looks like she doesn't really 'get it.'  And I still think 'playing mind games' is too harsh a descriptor for someone who just started speaking in complete sentences a year and a half ago.
Considering she had no confusion when max talked about dumping his ass or calling him her ex-bf, yes el does know what a break-up is.  >Or that it's usually permanent? Or how hurtful Mike would find it to be broken up with?  I can only assume you forgot what happens bc the whole point was to make Mike upset. She and Max specifically laughed at the idea of him and lucas being sad over the breakup. and when mike claims it's not permanent max specifically says it wasn't and el is not remotely surprised.
Just because she doesn't express confusion about something doesn't mean she understands it. She doesn't know what she doesn't know. Max tells her that her and Lucas breakup and get back together all the time, so El might take that information and learn that break ups are not serious, when they actually often are. This also likely left her with the incorrect assumption that an ex-bf is a temporary status.  I'm mad. I'm evoking a new word I learned called "break-up." You'll be mad too for awhile. Then we'll go back to normal and it's fine. Like Max says.  It's less manipulative mind games and more like nose-flicking payback, the way El understands it.
"she said she dumped your ass, that doesn't sound like a break!"  "it wasn't!"  el also spent a year watching tv romance, she knows what breaking up means.  and if she didn't understand, she would ask, as she does many, many times when people use words she doesn't know.  i've already told you that "mind games" is a hyperbole.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
1. Eleven didn’t get powers from him  3 &4. he gained those powers from Eleven. It’s unclear if russias actions were keeping a small gate open that helped or not
I don't think we fully know the answers for a number of the questions, but the fourth question is pretty straightforward. The Upside Down and normal, boring Hawkins are three-dimensionally colocated. That is to say if you're standing in the normal, boring Rainbow Room and Vecna is standing in the Upside Down Rainbow room, you are both standing in the same room. The reason you can't see each other is that you're a certain distance apart in a fourth dimension that we are incapable of detecting with our senses. Vecna wasn't actually in the Upside Down version of Eddie's trailer or the road or Lover's Lake, but he was connected to the network of vines, which is everywhere in the Upside Down and, therefore, everywhere in Hawkins.
1 - I believe that Vecna, by using it´s mind in a very strong way, can enter a state of hypnosis and reach the mind of people in another dimensions. In this case, Vecna, in Dimension X, probably entered this state, found El mind and put here a Demogorgon, so she can contact it and create the Upside Down.
Yeah, weren't El's powers a result of MKULTRA babies, with one being some kind of proof of concept/accident that spawned the program?  One was more of a mentor figure that was over taken.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nancy and her ever growing collection of guns is definitely the closest to a Mando's weapon reverance
Lucas.
Ms.Byers, that woman went through hell and back to get her son, and went through more hell to get hopper, I’m certain she would be worthy after that
Hopper
Great ready for 30 days of this.
Nancy or Max
Jonathan.   He's a bit of a lonewolf, but seems to follow a fairly moral path - regardless of what anyone thinks of it or him.
steve would be amazing with foundlings
Murray, clearly.
Aside the obvious picks, Johnathan, Bob, or Clark
I like this question a lot. I’d say Nancy because of the whole gunslinger vibe. Probably other reasons.
I feel like Nancy, Lucas, Max, and Steve are the best candidates.
Dustin with a compass saying "This is the Way"
Lucas maybe Steve
Whose the beauty in 2nd collum, 5th row?
Karen. If she could get away from the picket-fence life she's trapped herself in, she could totally rock the helmet lifestyle. Might need a haircut to make it work, though.
One. He's the only one here who would be able to follow a strict code and remain emotionless.
001, Dustin, nancy, Lucas, hopper, Johnathan
I better not see Will get a vote 😂
Murray.
Definitely Ted
Ted Wheeler
Hop (has the little telekinetic kid who he adopted by accident but would tear up continents for)   Nancy (born gunslinger, crack shot, now can make/modify her own weapons)  Lucas (the most action-oriented of the Party, can improvise and turn things into weapons)  Joyce (quick thinker, incredible presence of mind, can improvise ways out of almost any trap and has incredible care for younglings)
Eleven. Mando would 100% take her under his wing, and her and Grogu (Baby Yoda, whatever you want to call him) interacting would be amazing. She could do stuff similar to Season 1 in ST, just make it like Star Wars.
This [Tumblr post](https://www.tumblr.com/magnoliabloomfield/702040952723980288/wait-a-damn-minute-wait-no-omg-steve-is-just-an?source=share) makes a pretty good argument for Steve being a Mando AU, and now I can't unsee it.
Hopper, Lucas, and Ms Byers
Steve, lucas, hopper, Jonathan, murray.  And if you follow the train of thought that Ted is a secret badass, then ted.
Steve
I mean apart from Bob it would have to be Steve for me. doesn't care mich for ethics (not to get confused with rules) but does the right thing
Well Mike is a paladin in D&D (and the group in general). So perhaps him since a Mandalorian is basically a paladin.
B o b
Probably a demigorgon
Lucas, Joyce, and Steve
Billy and Max seem to make the most sense
Lucas or hop.  Id say steve. But he cant helmet that hair
Hopper
Steve, Lucas, Hopper, Nancy, Jonathan and Joyce are the best candidates IMO.   They have something in common which is the will to protect their friends and most specifically their offsprings, siblings or younger friends:   - Steve protects Dustin   - Lucas protects Erica   - Hopper protects Eleven   - Nancy protects Mike   - Jonathan and Joyce protect Will   Which is really similar to the whole Foundling concept in the Mandalorian community, also they all are either very good fighters or are really skilled with weapons.
Def Eddie!
Nancy, Max, Lucas, Hopper, and Alexei.
When you say mandalorian do you mean 'the children of the watch' or like Bo Katan who takes her helmet off and doesn't follow 'the way'
Curious to see Holly being included as a choice. Imagine her growing up and becoming a badass warrior of Hawkins.
Murray or Bob
Nancy or Max for sure
Alexi
nancy, max and hopper.
Nancy, Max, Eddie, Steve, Lucas, Hopper, and Joyce
Max
Hopper, Nancy, Steve, maybe Erica
Lucas. Nancy.
Probably either Will or Lucas. Will is good at hiding and we've seen how fast he can load a shot gun under pressure even though he was 12, plus it seems like his reaction time is pretty fast (most of the time); Lucas is combative and good at camouflage (aka hiding)
Alexei
Nancy Wheeler. Her knack for sleuthing and use of weaponry would be a great asset on her way to becoming a great and worthy Mandalorian.
Steve. He already has hia foundlings.
Lucas would take his creed very seriously if he was a Mandalorian. He’s also athletic and mostly fearless. I vote Lucas.
Probably Nancy, Steve, Max, Lucas, Hopper, and Billy. But Billy would end up doing something terrible and be kicked out.
hopper 100%  or nancy my girlboss gunslinger queen <3
Steve. Feel like whatever enemy is in front of him he’s just going to grab the nearest weapon and get stuck in.  Plus if he’d just been sitting nonchalantly with the other Death watch Mandalorians at the end of the last episode he wouldn’t have looked out of place.
Hopper
Hopper. He’s smart, is good with guns, has battle experience, and went hand to hand with a Demogorgon and won. (Yeah I know the Demogorgon was injured but still.)
I am about the furthest thing from a gun nut, but her progression has been SO satisfying to watch ☺️
But the collection of guns and reverence of it is probably the least significant value of a Mandalorian…
she's even custom-modifying her own weapons in season 4, look at her being like the Armourer!
Came to say Lucas as well
Lucas
Hop's the one who sorta-accidentally adopted a traumatised amnesiac telekinetic child (whose telekinetic fellow children were massacred) that he felt bad for and frequently takes up arms to protect  the only difference is that Hop's child isn't green and can speak  and he also has the guns and combat experience a Mandalorian would need
This is the way
What Harry Potter character would be the best fit as a Mandalorian?
What Friends character would be the best fit as a Mandalorian?
I had the same thought
Max is Han Solo and is currently "frozen in carbonite".  I'd go for Nancy more.
This is the way.
But why would he hide that hair under a helmet?
This is the way
Vecna before he turned into vecna, 001
She seems cool with drastic hair changes.
Hopper is more like Fett
Eleven would be a Jedi youngling, exactly like Grogu at first. I don't think guns would ever be a weapon of choice for her tbh. A rollerskate, yeah.
It's really not a minor thing. Keeping weapons on their persons and being proficient with them is like a core feature.   Nancy, along with probably Hopper and Joyce, is easily the best fit as they're also the three who see things through no matter what.
When he was going to raid the lab in season one. Total Mando move
nah Hop is a Mandalorian. THE Mandalorian of Stranger Things, considering he even has the powerful telekinetic child (that he ends up being a dad to without really intending to be one at first, exactly like Din Djarin).  and just like Din did at first, he tried to deliver his child to the bad guys before feeling bad and taking her in for good.
It’s so important to them that they managed to make it a major plot point in the latest episode, and had Jack Black specifically call it out
Din Djarin even said as much in an episode of I think season 1
Jack Black is in Mando?! Well shit, i have to get caught up now
He mentioned it in the Book of Boba Fett, he was trying to get religious exemption when attempting to board a passenger ship to Tatooine
Yeah, he and Lizzo were both in the last episode
It’s a weird episode but it’s a lot of fun!
Three big celeb cameos in one episode was jarring for sure but Lizzo and JB were great together.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It’s kind of a fun era because there are so many things they could do with it. Hair metal, hip-hop, jangly college rock, etc.
Yes, but I don't think anything can ever top S3's OST. Starcourt is an absolute banger and I still listen to it regularly.
I really wonder which song is going to be the next " Running Up That Hill"
Every time ST drops a soundtrack I add the songs to my 80s playlist on Spotify. The music directors for the show pick great songs!
Everybody wants to rule the world tears for fears
I already made my own. All the best alternative stuff from ‘87-‘89.
I just want them to put some Prince music in the soundtrack.
I think you mean score...?  Either way, yes to both! Can't wait to see what they'll come up with.
Hearing Dance with the Dead during season 4 had me hysterical.
It's one of the best parts of the show! I hope the s5 soundtrack is a mix of sort of melancholy nostalgic sounds like s1 and s2's score but with dark and depressing songs from s4.
Yessir! The only song I’d confidently predict will be in it is Heroes by David Bowie. Other songs that I think could work well are “Holding out for a Hero” by Bonnie Tyler and “Everybody wants to rule the world”. But they seem to do better with some of the less well known 80’s songs.
Starcourt the track is so fun and fits so well, and The First I Love You, also from that season, is just beautiful ❤️
Also “Portal Drill” with the Russian reveal of opening the gate and then the use of it for Vecna’s reveal in season 4, it just sounds so dark and gives off horror vibes.
I don’t think we’ll get another song like that!
Don’t think anything can top running up that hill, but it would be so amazing if it does
Or "Should I Stay or Should I Go"
Wow what a call haha
Score, soundtrack, all the above. U know the vibes
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
We get it, y'all do this every week
How many of these unpopular opinion posts do we need? The same things are stated over and over. And I’m doubtful people will follow your rules. You’re asking people to basically give karma in the opposite way of how Reddit is structured.   Mine is that with the exception of Robin and Max, all the other added characters have significantly impacted their writer’s ability to balance and develop their OG characters.   Erica was unnecessary. So was Argyle. As is Suzie. Even Murray, though I understand they wanted an adult foil for Joyce and Hopper. And Eddie was a wonderful character, but I still don’t think it was absolutely necessary for him to be there. The Satanic Panic could have panicked without him.   Additionally, while I love Eleven, the lab plot in ST4 was overlong and needed to be pruned. I honestly think it would have been more impactful that way. They should have allowed her to stay longer with the Byers to develop an actually meaningful family dynamic rather than the nothing we got, and it would have allowed for maybe a little happiness with Mike before things went to hell.   El as a whole is a better character when she’s with the group and not off on her own. It feels like the writers never fully learned that lesson.
After the drama of the elimination game, is an unpopular opinions thread really what this sub needs right now?
Dustin should've left the group after Eddie died and became more serious character.
I love the Lucas & Jason fight in the season 4 finale, but the dialogue where Lucas said something about how he should “never have knocked” makes me cringe. Don’t think it’s an acting issue at all - the writing was just a bit too cheesy.
While I do think Hopper should’ve stayed dead, his Russia storyline in S4 was my favourite storyline of the season.
Friendships in s4 were so shallow. One thing i loved about this show in s1 and s2 how these kids cared about each other, but in s4 nobody cares about anybody anymore? Nobody asked Max is she okay except maybe Lucas, they ditch Lucas's game to play DnD with some metalhead, not to mention Will and Mike - are they even friends? Will gave him some advice about his relationship, but did Mike even ask him how is his life in Lenora? Eddie dies, Max almost dies, but next day most of group doesn't show any grief? I heard about growing up, but i hate it.
It’s really weird that Billy gets so much hate when there’s such a huge fanbase for Vecna like???? Biggest evil in the show Vs. Angry teenage boy lol it makes no sense
Robin is by far the most entertaining character, especially the Season 4 version.
Hopper is not fit to be a guardian to a child, especially one as damaged as El. He also has no business being in a romantic relationship (i.e., "getting the girl"). He is a largely toxic figure in the lives of El and Joyce, who has way too much in common with the male abusers from their pasts, and would need extensive therapy and rehabilitation (for his addictions) before he might begin to be worthy of them.    The relationship between El and Hopper *as depicted in the show* is not some wholesome father-daughter relationship, which the show tries to *tell* us it is starting from season 3 (I'm not even convinced El sees Hopper that way). Most of their scenes involve conflict and hostility, and even outright violence in one case. The relationship was clearly intended as a parallel to El-Brenner - a comparison explicitly made both on the show and behind-the-scenes - and I think that both relationships are examples of Stockholm Syndrome, albeit El-Hopper is rather more benign.  El was all alone in the world and went with Hopper grudgingly; she had no real choice but to live with him and submit to his rules. And, naturally, as he was her only source of human contact, she couldn't help but become attached to him, as with Brenner. However, as with Brenner, there was a simmering resentment beneath her affection, and the misery and loneliness he caused her couldn't be kept at bay. Hopper also uses positive and negative reinforcement similarly to Brenner, doling out treats to "reward" El and gain her affection, and punishing her when she was "naughty", including by increasing her isolation (solitary vs TV confiscation). I found their relationship in season 2, which contains most of their interactions, compelling but disturbing. And yet the showrunners apparently want and expect the viewers to have forgotten all this.   And I haven't even touched on the shitshow that was the El-Hopper "relationship", or lack thereof, in season 3....
They’ve stretched out Will’s sexuality plot line for waaay too long. They should have given him an alternative love interest in California that would have come with them instead of Argyle. It’s the final season and he hasn’t even officially come out yet. He also has to confess to Mike. I mean, how is that going to turn out for him? He’ll come out to Mike and Mike will have to say sorry, but I love El… they’ll almost certainly be super awkward around one another for a couple episodes. There’s a million characters now that all need their stories to end, it’s all going to become crammed together now. He should have just confessed in season 3 or 4.
Hopper should have stayed dead. He completed his character arc by saving his daughter, now his character has little purpose.
People would care a lot of more about Fred and his death if he was attractive, there would more shippers of him and Nancy too
Ok my unpopular opinion is I’m LGBT but Byler and Ronance are both stupid… It’s creepy when gays act like Mike’s obligated to leave El for *her adopted brother* and don’t realize Will’s caring for her feelings is another reason he hasn’t told Mike beyond just 80s homophobia… And why do y’all want Robin to hook up with *her bestie’s ex* instead of the girl she likes who appears to like her back? It just makes no sense…
Jason is one of my favourite characters. I don't agree with his actions but I find him so compelling and I think he deserves a lot more sympathy than he gets.   I'm not a huge fan of Max, I don't dislike her but I also don't love her.   Will crying all the time isn't annoying, it's actually very realistic considering his traumatic life lmao.
Argyle was more important than Eddie.
In that sub? The fact is y'all keep saying that Will being unhappy and not having anyone in the 80's because he's gay is bullshit. Realistic is Mike having a super power gff, or Lucas and Max being an interracial couple with nobody but Billy being racist and seriously trying to fight the two of them. God forbid the gay boy falls in love, because when he does, his love serves to bring the straight couple back together while he suffers in silence. And the only thing waiting for him in the end is platonic acceptance, 'cause that's all people like him will ever get in the end.  Now wait for the downvotes lol
The Dustin and Steve relationship felt more fan-servicey in season 4.  Hopper should have stayed dead after season 3. His storyline would have been more compelling, and his letter to El would actually mean something.  Max should regain the ability to walk and see because her mother CANNOT lose another child (not unpopular but unlikely).  The recent season finales (particularly season 4) felt rushed.  I actually enjoyed the Russia plot in season 3, but not so much in 4.
* sorts by controversial to see what the true unpopular opinions are *
They should have showed Lucas reap the rewards of winning the championship game before the murder plot came in. Like scoring with chicks at the party at Benny’s.
I don't like Dustin and Suzie. I don't think EVERYONE needs a romantic love interest. Nearly every single person on that show is paired or has a love interest. Not everyone needs to have one.   I hate Yuri. He was intended to be a breakout character but I can't get past the shit he did. And instead of being funny he's just annoying AF.  He sent Hopper and Dimitri sent to Russian jail. He kidnapped Joyce and Murray intending to sell them to the Russian jail. Where it was implied that Joyce was going to be r-ped by the Warden. But I guess we're supposed to forget about that because he begrudgingly helps them escape. 🤷🏻‍♀️   Idk if this is unpopular but the show has too many characters in season 4 and was best when it focused on the original main cast.
The fandom has gotten uglier, meaner, and far more obnoxious since s4 came out.
Robin should have been a one season character.  Steve being relegated to the "babysitter" role is getting stale.  The comedy between Steven and Dustin isn't working that well anymore.  Way too much focus on teenage romance arcs.  None of the younger casts involved in romance arcs have chemistry with each other and a platonic friendship would seem more realistic and natural.  The writers lost interest in several characters (Mike, Will, Jonathan) so the writing for them in S4 was weak.  Billy and Eddie shouldn't have been killed off. They're more complex and interesting than some of the major characters.  The Lost Sister episode wasn't that bad.  Some of the writing for Max is weak. At the end of S3 she is smiling and happy then in S4 she is sullen and depressed and a little unpleasant (she won't even wave to Lucas although he has done nothing wrong) and fans rationalize the weak writing because they're so defensive of the show. "It was delayed grief! You can't tell people how to grieve! She was happy after Billy died but changed when her father left them. It's normal!"
If Jason had more scenes with his rocked abs, he would have way more sympathy
I hated how the show tried to paint Billys mom as this wonderful and caring woman. She left her son alone with an alcoholic abuser. If she cared she would have taken him with her.
The Lost Sister episode is a good episode.
the only reason people expected nancy, joyce, and el to reciprocate their respective love interests' feelings is bc we expect the male protagonists' feelings to be reciprocated by default.
They're gonna kill off either Steve or Johnathan to resolve the love triangle.   There's good evidence pointing to either but my money is on Steve.   His only attachment is Dustin... and Nancy. We never see his family, he has no friends outside of the gang. Besides Robin, who is now part of said gang. So she'll be fine without him as well. And killing Johnathan would be so cruel to Joyce.   Steve's death will break all the hearts and make Steve the ultimate hero. Good looking rich kid with a guaranteed bright future sacrifices himself to save the woman he once loved and her family and all his kid friends. And his gay best friend. And the whole world.   Legend status for Steve Harrington.   P.S. don't really dig the down votes for popular posts thing. No one wants to have less karma. Just saying.   P.S.S. this is just a theory. Please be kind.
In seasons 1, 2, and 4, any scenes where Eleven is entirely separated from the rest of the main cast is genuinely, the most boring stuff in the entire show.  Season 1, the stuff with her being trained in the lab? The most boring stuff in the season in my opinion. And maybe I'm misremembering, but it's so repetitive. We saw the clip of her being dragged into the punishment room where she kills the two guys like 5 times. We saw like 3 scenes of her in a sensory deprivation tank. It's the same crap over and over.  Season 2, the scenes of her dealing with her mom are fine, but it leads to the stuff with Eight, which is pretty much universally considered the most boring and most awful episode of the entire show.  Season 3, I don't even really remember her having any scenes without any main cast members, so this season gets a pass.  Season 4, basically from the moment she whacks Angela in the face, to the moment we learn the worker is One, I found the entire Eleven plotline incredibly boring, and similarly to season 1, super repetitive. They do a test. She fails. She tries the puck dropping game. She talks to One. She doesn't fail at her test. Over and over for like 4 episodes.  I like Eleven when she's involved with the main cast but anytime she's by herself, I'm not really having much fun watching.
Will is honestly not a very good character.  He’s been a glorified plot device for 3 seasons, and the only season he actually gets to be a real character he’s grouped in with by far the least interesting group of that entire season.
Will's painting was kind of terrible.
Technically Hop kidnapped El.
This show hasn’t been actual quality television since S1 ended; at this point it’s just fan service guilty pleasure.
Byler will happen in season 5 (in general its not an unpopular opinion but in this sub it is so im putting it)
I don’t think this is unpopular, but just not as popular. But I really like the Russian plot line in both season 3 and 4.
I don't care if you will give me a bunch of downvotes. Here are some completely unpopular opinions of mine:  \-Eleven lab plot in S4 was the BEST, much better than Russia plot or Cali plot with Mike, Will, Jonathan and Argyle  \-Episode 5 of Season 4 is underrated. In my opinion it´s far more interesting than Episode 4.  \-Episode 7 and 8 of Season 4, and Episode 8 of Season 2 are the best of all the series  \-The lore/mythology is much more interesting than anything related to the characters, and this includes couples/ships  \-Brenner, Owens and 001 are the most interesting characters and i give much more attention to their appearances in Season 4 than to other characters  \-In S4 finale i was only worried about Eleven, Stinson, Brenner, Owens and Nancy, the rest i honestly don´t care
People shouldn't be like Billy/Jason was a misunderstood/terrible person. They both did bad things and that's finale. Bill tried to knock down some middle schoolers, abused his step sis, and assaulted Steve and Lucas. He was pretty racist. Jason is pretty much as bad. Maybe his actions weren't so evil, but that doesn't excuse the fact that he tried to shoot and beat Luke, accuse Ed and try to murder him, and make his friend tackle down Erica.  Max is my fifth favorite character, but she probably should've stayed dead.  Mileven>Byler  Will should accept Mike may not fall in love with him
Steve and Dustin are the least interesting/compelling characters of the series regulars
I don't hate Jason.
Max, and any scene she's in, isn't the best in the show.
I like the prison plot line but that’s only because the demogorgon fight was dope as hell
I enjoyed S3, and I wouldn't change anything about it;  I like the Lost Sister episode and Kali, and I think she have to come back in the last season;  Robin/Vickie will be canon, yes, but untill I know Vickie better and see their dynamic together, I'll prefer Ronance all the way;  Dustin is my least favorite of the kids (but I like him);  People love to praise Steve and shit on Jonathan for so little;  No main character has to die for the last season to be good;  Will and Robin are good queer character rep by themselves, but if we're talking about **decent queer romance rep,** only Byler would fullfil the role, imo, since it's the only potential queer relationship that would be on pair with the other main couples in terms of history together and impact on the plot.
The entire debate over Will's gender doesn't matter. His preference adds little to the story beyond a bonding moment between him and his brother Jonathan - but they are already close.
The show should have had Nancy or Max find out about Karen/Billy.
Season 3 is my favorite season!!   Apart from the running up that hill sequence,I wasn't too  enthralled by Max's arc!!   Finn and Caleb need to work a little on their acting...Their performances comes off a little dull when compared to the others!! Hopefully it's due to the fact that they don't get to do too much...in that case,they should get a lot more screen time next season!!   Steve and Dustins banter in s4 felt a little forced sometimes and wasn't as genuine and natural as it was in S2!!
Mike is overrhated. Yeah he can be a little shit sometimes, but I think everyone forgets he's a teenager dealing with trauma, and he comes from a family where talking about your emotions is non-existent.
There wouldn't be nearly as many Byler shippers as there are if they weren't both boys.  Jonathan was only an interesting character in season 1 and kinda season 2.  I'm glad Eddie died, but I'd have preferred if he just didn't exist and the writers had the balls to kill off a main character or no one at all. They're overbloating the story with too many characters.  The show has been declining in quality steadily since season 1.
Argyle is the worst character I’ve seen in a tv show in a long time, which says a lot as I’ve seen all 8.5 seasons of The Flash and much of Riverdale yet Argyle is worse than all the worst characters on those shows combined.
Billy was a complex and compelling character who should *not* have died
The whole Dustin and Steve duo that everyone loves is overrated to me. Most of the times Dustin is just lowkey calling Steve out on being stupid and Steve is overall sick of being a babysitter. I know they have their little moments or whatever but to me but it’s not that big of a deal.  Also I liked Eddie but that guitar scene was just cool. Not the most amazing scene in cinema like a lot of ppl, like to make it out to be
I don't like the Byler ship. Yes I think Will should come out to Mike and the rest of the party, but I don't think they should get together. Think about El, what will happen to her? She will just be left alone. Remember how miserable she was in CA, but when she read Mike's letters her face lit up, and it lit up (seemed to me even brighter) again when Mike came to visit. I just don't like the ship and think that the plot should stick to the original plot instead of ruining El's relationship with Mike just because Will has a crush on him. If the Duffer Bro's are willing to give us a little bit of happiness in S5, I bet Will will get a boyfriend that isn't dating his step-sister, then we, Will, and the rest of the party will be happy (especially El).
Billy was a good guy
I don't care for Eddie or Bob, I find Mike annoying, Jason isn't that bad, Max should've stayed dead.
The downvotes are coming, but I honestly do not like Mike at all, except for season 1-2. I want to see El slap him across the room now.
Billy did not get a proper redemption and would have been far more interesting had he survived into season 4.
We need a Scott Clark spin off series.
Byler is not endgame. Nancy and Steve should get back together
[removed]
I think Jonathan is the most useless character of the entire series
Somehow the most unpopular ones that should get on Best still get on Controversial lmao
I guess that I don't care who Nancy ends up with but think it'll be Steve.  I'm always downvoted for that, lol.
Oh my bad. Haven't seen this subreddit in ages.
It's not as though Suzie has much focus upon her. She exists as a minor plot advancer and as Dustin's girlfriend showing how he's come into his own. She's actually fleshing out Dustin basically. I'm glad they've only kept her in a relatively minor role.   Argyle doesn't exactly have a huge focus either. He's basically a friend for a lonely Jonathan, and I think he needed a friend and someone not Nancy or a Byers to interact with. It's actually a good thing for his character. So again, more fleshing out Jonathan than negatively impacting.   Erica kind of is important in comparison, but I'm not sure she's filing any space that anybody else would be filling anyway. We'd just have more Steve/Dustin and Steve/Robin which isn't exactly necessary. And less Lucas which isn't helpful for his character-again gives him somebody to interact with to develop him meaningfully like the above characters.  Murray works too well to remove in my opinion.  The person that has most impacted the OGs is blatantly Steve. Because he was never intended to be one and now takes up a notable portion of the show with his own cast of characters.
Eleven's plot in the laboratory is perfect, in my view. It has immense importance for the series' lore and it wouldn't make sense to cut it "a little", it is one of the most important plots of the entire season, if not the most important. The other sub-plots involving personal relationships between characters can be developed later and have no central relevance to the lore.
Argyle saved everyone in the shoot out. And came up with the idea to save Max
I haven't looked at this subreddit in a while so I wouldn't know there are so many. Also I'm not looking for karma I'm just curious what people's opinions are.
Yours is at the top so clearly no one agrees with you.  We obviously need more unpopular opinion posts.
The lab episodes were necessary not only for El's back story but Vecna's as well sounds like you just hated season 4 as a whole
I don't know this is my first time seeing this subreddit in a while
There is nothing more cringe than "you're the heart" line. It sounds so bad, i can't imagine how they didn't see it.
The “never should’ve knocked” line would be so cringe in an irl fight honestly
I agree... I liked how he realised he needed to part ways with Jason and how his friends and Max were more important!! But that particular dialogue did feel a little cheesy!! I think Caleb himself comes up with way better stuff for his character than the writers (example,Erica help)!!
So true. Caleb did a great job trying to make that dialogue work though. Him and Mason together were great.
It grew on me after the 3rd or so rewatch or maybe it was just enzo 🥰
They want the emotional payoff without putting in the work and effort to further develop them. This is of course impacted by too many new characters and numerous plots, not necessarily intentional. But I do agree though. It felt like there was more care and effort in the dynamics of earlier seasons.
A user in the Doctor Who subreddit explains this perfectly (however I don't agree with them but alas). A character who is an established villain can do "Fairytale crimes". These are crimes that don't necessarily happen in the real world and because of how unrealistic they are, the villain can be seen as a "chaotic but loveably hated villain". But then there are characters who you just don't like because they commit "Real world crimes". Billy commits "Real world crimes" so viewers are naturally inclined to have a hatred for him. Whereas Vecna commits fairy tale crimes which adds a level of complexity to his character. I don't agree with this way of thinking but it does help understand the reasoning.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/gallifrey/comments/uzns80/comment/iag1zsi/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/gallifrey/comments/uzns80/comment/iag1zsi/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)  Here's the comment. Obviously spoiler alert if you haven't seen series 3 of Doctor Who and are planning to watch it.
I get the feeling that skittishness around the character/actor's age led to them putting it off longer than they originally planned. Media types being gross and invasive with these young actors probably didn't help.  Season 3 would have been a great time to really explore it, since it would have fit thematically and Will wasn't doing much else.
it's interesting that so many people acknowledge that will confessing to mike and just getting rejected after so much buildup would be completely pointless yet they still don't think it's possible that mike won't reject him.
Agreed. I’m so mad about this storyline.
I agree. If he dies in season 5, then the Russia plot of season 4 will all be for nothing.
He gives Joyce a hopeful happy ending and not reliving the bad ending with Bob. The whole show has been building toward the blended family unit  of Joyce-Hopper-Jonathan-Will-El since the beginning.
Yeah honestly, I can see this. I love Hopper and I think he's a ton of fun to watch, and he's very layered and interesting, but the one correct thing Season 3 did with his character was the sacrifice. It upsets me that he was written so poorly otherwise in Season 3 because it was a perfect ending for him.
I 100% agree, he better have a huge role in S5.
Attractiveness plays a huge part in this fanbase. People would defend Brenner more if he was hot and hate Billy more if he wasn’t so hot.
It def would have changed the dynamics or wtv of the show so I’m sure the writers intended for Fred to be dorky and nerdy and to not be cared for that much
OMG this!!! This is my favorite comment so far. Thank you!!
While I didn't like Jason, I did think his genuine concern for Max when he saw her in her trance was a nice humanizing touch that reminds you of why he's being so drastic. His creepy and violent actions stemmed from wanting to protect his town.
I think of Jason like the Sang-woo (Squid Game) of this show; I’d probably be thinking the same way as them if it was irl.  It’s far easier to believe Eddie is the killer than an alternate dimension wizard is killing people when Eddie JUST so happens to be around every time.
When talking about Jason one may say they are split in two about him
And Dustin and Suzie's relationship is also completely unrealistic. Long distance + certified genius mormon hacker girl.  Apparently, some characters are allowed to have romantic experiences completely unrealistic to the times portrayed in a light way, designed to show hope and that they can find love despite being different. Meanwhile, others only can expect a huge dose of realism, because the audience is pressed about it.  Even though I never expected Will to find someone at young age like the other boys, and I think it's completely fair to portray his suffering and realistic aspects of growing up as a gay kid in the 80s, I really expect him to have a satisfying closure to the romance part of his arc in S5. It's a TV show. He's one of the only characters that romance is one of the pillars of his arc due to his sexuality, so there's no reason to avoid it.  The safe and overdone "gay character ending up single or with a rando in the epilogue, and with the support of his loved ones" is too little for a character like Will, written nowadays. He has to overcome his UD trauma, feel good about himself, have the support the his loves ones, AND have a meaningful and positive experience with falling in love.
Wish I had money to give you an award.  It’s funny also because the same people who tout the realism argument for Will are the same people who defend Mileven endgame tooth and nail as if their entire relationship isn’t unrealistic as hell.  This is the same show that has Dustin and Suzie in a long term long distance relationship. It’s not concerned with realism.
Facts.
>Max should regain the ability to walk and see because her mother CANNOT lose another child (not unpopular but unlikely).  How would Max's mother loose a child if her daughter becomes disabled?
Dude yes. It’s like the writers of the show saw all the Dustin/Steve ship comments and edits and was like “okay let’s put it in the show” their friendship is so overrated to me. Dustin basically calls Steve out on being stupid most of the time and Steve always feels like he’s stuck as a babysitter. They’re not even really a good team.  Nancy/Robin and Joyce/Murray were way better duos
Yeah... forgot about that when I was making this post.. oh well
It would have been nice to have Steve or Robin actually bring it up in passing at some point during the season.  Heck, even Max could've brought it up during the camper ride.  \*shakes head\*
>Nearly every single person on that show is paired or has a love interest. Not everyone needs to have one.  Agreed. After S1 they realized young people were fans of the show too and they went overboard with the teenage romance arcs as if tweens/teenagers can't enjoy a show unless the characters are dating someone. The relationship between Mike and Eleven is important but none of the other characters need to be in a relationship including Nancy.
Actually you missed an important moment with Max in S3. She literally ends the season sad in her room with Hopper speaking about sadness and pain over the scene, and there's a suggestion of something more foreboding as a result. I think it is a bit silly to go "weak writing" because you don't understand that Max is going to be hurt by Billy's death given how she reacted to it and also missed an important insightful scene into Max's real mindset.   It's a bit like saying there wasn't set up for the problems for Nancy and Steve in S1 because she was "happy" at Christmas. Nevermind her best friend died that she clearly was gutted over.
That moment of her not even waving to Lucas annoyed me too.
Unfortunately they never explain what happened to Billy's mother. It's not even clear she is still alive. There might be more information about her in the book but that wasn't written by people involved in the show. Maybe his father killed her. Maybe she was ill and died. Maybe she was mentally unstable and put in a treatment facility. We don't know because we only get a glimpse of her in S3.
I assumed she died.
I agree. the second time around I enjoyed it
I miss Kali so much, she was great character.
Actually, when writers put the relationship of a guy and a girl in evidence, most of people already expect there'll be romance in the future, even the ones who wouldn't enjoy the idea of romance between them at all.  Joyce and Hopper didn't have romantic interactions in the first season, but it was kinda obvious where it was going from the start.
Well the whole point of this was so that you upvote the opinions that are disagreed with. If you're opinions truly are unpopular then you should get mostly upvotes. The main reason I say that is because a lot of the time I ask people for unpopular opinions I get some of the most popular opinions ever. By upvoting the opinions people disagree with you actually find opinions that are unpopular. Also if you don't want to receive downvotes then don't use this post to share your opinions.
I mean that's just factual.
For a 15 year old it's pretty great....
It wasn't so great, but i like the idea, that you don't need to be amazing to enjoy your hobby. Especially in Stranger Things full of genius teenagers.
Yep. I've said it before and I'll say it again: Stockholm Syndrome.
Then so did Mike in season 1.
it's unpopular, apart from bylers anyone who watches the show can tell it's not going to happen 🤷🏽‍♀️
Truly, sincerely, not a snowball's chance in the Nine Hells.  Never gonna happen.  Don't set yourself up for guaranteed disappointment.
Sorry to disappoint but… no it won’t.
What's byler will and ? What does it mean
Byler here. It's still an unpopular opinion overall, despite the ship's popularity skyrocketed in fandom spaces after s4. Casual viewers still can't see it or they see the potential and ship it without believing it will be canon. Many Bylers also don't think it will be canon despite shipping it. Usually only very invested Bylers like us think it will be canon.
I disagree with your opinions. So you may have my upvote.
I don't really understand the comparison between the two when they came from completely different situations. People try to defend Jason's actions by saying, "but Billy abused Max," and then the opposite happens when people say Billy is better because "but Jason tried to get Eddie killed." Billy and Jason aren't one-dimensional characters. Their arcs were designed to be complicated. Billy was racist and joked about running the kids over, but came from an abusive background and projected his anger onto others. Jason tried to get Eddie killed and almost shot Lucas, but he was convinced there was a cult in Hawkins, and that cult had killed Chrissy. That's what made them interesting to watch in the first place. They were the human antagonists of the show that weren't Upside Down monsters.
Will has accepted that though? he literally helped encourage them to get back together in S4 by giving Mike confidence in how Eleven feels about him
Both equally terible charaters one was a racist bully who abused his step sis, and assault orhers for no reason. And the other guy who tried to save max and accused the prime suspect of murder of murder( Also he was going to turn Eddie in)
I don’t agree that Billy or Jason did nothing wrong but Jason thought he was doing the right thing, he was like an anti villain. As you said, Billy was a racist, among other things, who only did the right thing at the last second of his life. I don’t think Jason is as bad as Billy.
I don’t think his gender has ever been in question, his sexuality is what is a plot point.
his *sexuality matters so much they dragged its closure for the last season, actually. He still have to come out someway (at least to his family), and Mike still needs to know he lied about the painting/"El's feelings" in the van...
His gender?
why? nothing ended up happening between them besides them flirting
bro was racist and abusive?
See, this got downvoted below zero, so it's actually unpopular.
Haha i was mostly talking about the comments
They didn’t need Argyle for either thing. My point it is could have been worked another way without adding **another** character.   They could have just had them get to a car or van in time.   And Argyle supplied salt… he didn’t come up with the idea to save Max at all. They could have easily worked that to allow them to find salt another way.
There’s at least 1-4 a week. Just search the sub and you’ll find 50+ with all the opinions laid out for you to read.
  Somehow, I think I’ll live. 😉
Lol. That’s quite the assumption you’re making. I enjoyed ST4 just fine.   And I did not say I disliked the lab scenes, only that they could have been trimmed a bit.
Ah fair enough then. For what it’s worth, your rules made a lot of sense.
I didn’t like that either, or the “I felt like my life started the day I found you in the woods” which was just extra awkward given the context of Will having just gone missing… and standing beside him lol. Perhaps the finale overall seemed a little rushed.
That’s not one liner…
Spoilers: He's not going to die.
Do people not consider Brenner to be good looking? I think he looks pretty good for his age.
That's what prevented me from hating him in volume 2. That one moment.
100th time the same Joker has been made.
Sorry for the phrasing, I meant that Max should fully recover rather than dying completely from her injuries.
I got a lot of downvotes on this sub when I mentioned it after V1 aired but Lucas did nothing wrong so there was no reason for her to be so unpleasant especially right before a basketball game which she knew was important to Lucas. People who are depressed can still smile and wave.
And yet… it’s clearly not working that way. I said the rules wouldn’t be followed for a reason. Sorry OP.
People usually still upvote opinions they agree with in posts like this. If you wanna see the real unpopular opinions, sort the comments by controversial.
The monster was pretty great. The trees were nonsense. He was doing more interesting things in season one.
No she could’ve left at anytime unlike with Hop.  ETA: Mike also didn’t and doesn’t know where her next of kin is unlike Hop.
Istg…
bcus yall just watch the show & then move on (which isn't a bad thing), but what im saying is you have to look below surface level & open up ur eyes to the will & mike moments! and even pay more attention to the mileven moments in s4..almost all 'mileven scenes' were focusing in on will & forcing the viewers to see how upset will was..
Byler is the ship between Will and Mike (combining their last names)
They can't see it because there's nothing to see. Mike loves El and he showed/said it many times, it won't change last minute.
Exactly, Jason thought he was doing the right. He was way better than Billy
Both tried to kill people but for different reason. One wanted to avenge his murdered loved ones and protect the town. The other was a maniac and abusive who did one good deed before he died.
Fr that person is confused
Exactly. So what’s the harm in Nancy or Max finding out.
His arc was good
Oh fair
Argyle shows the character development of Jonathan. That he’s not a weirdo loner anymore.   Remember what Will said to him in season 2?  “Is that why you don’t have friends? Is that why you’re always trying to hang out with me?”  One thing Will always had over Jonathan  is having nakama. Something Jonathan’s just now getting.
i think adding argyle was fine, as long as his plot line is over. their problem is extending the plot line of side characters when we don’t need them anymore
Thank you
vol2 have many moments like that, it is probably coming from it being rushed when it comes to wrapping it up in comparison to vol1. the actors did their best in those scenes but you can only do so much when a line in itself is cringey.
You gotta what you gotta to do survive. When you’re in that game, it’s every man for himself. I’m not dying for a stranger I met a few days ago.
Ohhh ok  I personally would prefer, narratively speaking, for Max to survive but end up disabled. I think it's good writing to show permanent consequences to the show's plot to show the stakes. I also think that having a disabled main character in st would be kinda nice
Yeah no wonder there because that's just an ignorant suggestion. Depression isn't just one thing, and one of the symptoms of PTSD and depression is in fact literally:   >irritability  I don't think it's the end of the world she didn't wave lol and it's a weird thing to focus on. Just shows she's irritable which evidences her difficult emotions at the time.  The irritability can come from having to perform whilst feeling shit inside. Depressed people aren't always going to be pleasant to be around, and some understanding is needed to consider their inner turmoil.
Sad
Oh yeah forgot about that
What does that have to do with any feelings Mike has for Will?
Lmao bruh 🤣  thanks
But that's how slow burn relationships work in tv....
Some people saw gay Will in love with Mike early on the show, despite most of the audience couldn't see it until S4 (and many people still needed Noah Schnapp's interview confirming it to be totally convinced). Just because most of people can't see it, it doesn't mean it isn't there.
Let's see in S5. Many narrative choices make me believe it will.
i just don’t see what it would add
Then he is a good character and not a good guy
It would make more sense to me for him to return to California, considering he needs to graduate and presumably has parents wondering about him, but I assume he’ll be in ST5.
It's a shame vol 4 was so rushed because until that point this show was 3/3 for really well paced conclusions.
I like this idea, and this will most likely happen in the show. Hopefully, her disability won't hold her back from having fun with the other party members, or my heart will break-
But he accepted that since the beginning, and his ark is not done whatsoever. All of milevens relationship problems were "fixed" by Wills lies, once Mike finds out those were all Wills feelings, milevens down the drain but until then he's clueless. "Never made any moves" 2 of their heart to hearts were literally flirting,
Mike is clearly scared & confused..its the 80s. And this point really is not a good one at all because Will also 'never made any moves' on Mike but he is canonically gay so Mike not making moves on Will doesn't make him straight
Slow burn relationships almost never have a passionate and intense entirely different love story be the focus compared to the slow burn relationship. An example of a slow burn is Hopper and Joyce, they didn't make Bob/Joyce a centrepiece compared to El/Mike, it was just a comfortable relationship with pretty big telegraphs that Bob was screwed-whilst Joyce and Hopper had clear tension. Mike and Will haven't had much meaningful set up. All their interactions have been presented in purely friendship terms from Mike's side.    I think people expecting it are setting themselves up for disappointment and I worry there might be a crazed backlash from some that it didn't happen, despite there never being any meaningful suggestion it would.
It can't be slow burn if only one of them wants that relationship to happen.
So you’re saying you can see it in Mike too?
RemindMe! 2 years
Same
Ugh I think the milevens mass reported this post 😭
Yea I could have phrased that better
Yeah, I am guessing they're going to insert Argyle and Vickie into the ''teenager gang'', I am not sure if they'd work together for all season, but I can see a potential scenario where Steve, Nancy, Jonathan, Robin and potentially Argyle and Vickie are paired up together.
Really well said here. Regarding the possibility of crazed backlash, apparently Noah Schnapp made some comments at a comic-con recently saying that he hopes fans won’t be too disappointed if Byler doesn’t happen. So he’s trying to do some damage control, as people’s expectations are getting out of hand.
exactly. i think the idea of byler is cute but it’s obviously not going to happen in canon. if it was, there is no way they could resolve all in the last season with everything else they have to focus on. i don’t know why people act like it absolutely needs to happen in canon for them to enjoy it.
There is tension between Will/Mike but you guys just don't wanna see it cause its boy x boy. TWO of there heart to hearts were flirting one of which being more obvious.  Mike/El is in no way passionate past season 2, mikes monologue did nothing but hurt El and their relationship is unhealthy for the both of them.  Tf do you mean mike/will aren't meaningful, they're a childhood friends to lovers trope, with their feelings slowly building up since the beginning. Your the one that's setting yourself up for disappointment friend. You and your reddit bros fits after s5 will be hilarious.
But we don't for certain if it's unrequited
You don't know what mike wants..and it's clear that this show likes slow burns, literally all current couples have been a slow burn besides mileven..and u really think mileven will stick even though its the odd one out AND if byler were to happen it'd be continuing the trend of slow burns
Yes.
I will be messaging you in 2 years on [**2025-04-06 17:11:38 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2025-04-06%2017:11:38%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/StrangerThings/comments/12dg1yg/what_are_your_most_unpopular_opinions/jf7iqus/?context=3)  [**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FStrangerThings%2Fcomments%2F12dg1yg%2Fwhat_are_your_most_unpopular_opinions%2Fjf7iqus%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202025-04-06%2017%3A11%3A38%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%2012dg1yg)  *****  |[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)| |-|-|-|-|
Just ignore them, and keep going.
I've noticed that too. I think Noah just likes the idea of shipping for fun, but he knows it will not happen on the show due to the narrative. It seems like he did not realize or expect that the fans would be so heated about it. He's said a couple of times that he does not think Mike likes Will back, but many Byler fans take his words as him 'trying to hide the plot twist'. For some reason, they take Noah's ''But we will see, I do not write the scripts though.'' kind of comments as some sort of a clue/proof, but they do miss the other clear statements done by him, by Finn or the writers of the show. Because yes, the writers won't spoil their story outright, but to think that there is some sort of a secret conspiracy to hide 'Byler' from the fans is kinda ridiculous, especially thinking that the Duffers are constantly lying about their plot points on the show (aka them saying they were proud of the monologue / love confession and it being a pivotal part of the show, them congratulating Finn, etc) kind of comes off as weird.  And I think it is kinda bad that when ultimately Byler doesn't happen, the fans will blame the writers, Finn and Noah for it, despite the fact that each interview proved that Byler is not happening (also the narrative itself proving that as well). I remember many Byler fans getting angry at Noah because Will did not 'come out' openly. And Noah was like, 'he \[Will\] is still young and is not ready to come out, just give the writers time to wrap his story.'' And it feels like some fans just are very ''passionate'' about the ship that they kinda abondon logic at times.
Bylers will never accept this but yeah, this so much. Just thinking about it doesn't make any sense, even if we ignore the narrative and focus on the alternate scenario.   They have not even completed Will's sexuality arc yet, he's not even ready to come out let alone admit his own feelings. There's also that Mike supposedly is bi/gay, which would take time to resolve. Count that the writers would also have to break up Mike and El, resolve their dynamic later on, and build up their platonic bond after the breakup,, to show that El has moved on from the romantic relationship, to show that Mike has stopped loving El at some point, and show that he doesn't anymore, and then show that he loves Will romantically now for some reason after obsessing and loving El for seasons, and show that his feelings for Will is there and he also has to come to terms with those feelings and then there has to be a legitimate setup for Mike and Will's romance that the audience can recognize and make it make sense within the narrative. And this is gonna happen in 8 eps. Sorry but ignoring everything else-- it just doesn't make much sense. If that's the intention the writers would have broken up El and Mike in S3 without getting them together again. They didn't even break them up in S4, they're still together lmao, and they added a big love declaration. C'mon. That's not how you write a potential romance (Byler) in the narrative. There is not even a setup yet alone a possibility of it happening given the logic.
Actually, I have no problem with m/m relationships. Some of my favourite couples in other shows are m/m or f/f, and I've pointed out cases of bias of interpretation from some audiences for those relationships (and I like some non-canon m/m, f/f in various things as well). I just think it's very important to be realistic about what the show is presenting here. Because if you are so convinced it will happen, how will you feel if it doesn’t? Because there's some major, major signs it won't.   >TWO of there heart to hearts were flirting one of which being more obvious.  Flirting just isn't characterised that way in the show-there's certainly affection from both, but affection isn't the same as flirting which tends to be far more overt.     Mike's actually had more flirting with Max than he has with Will and I don't expect Mike to end up with Max lol.    >Mike/El is in no way passionate past season 2, mikes monologue did nothing but hurt El and their relationship is unhealthy for the both of them.  That's not at all what the show itself is suggesting, whether or not it's what you personally think. In Season 3 he literally admitted he loved El which is why he was trying to protect her, and both him and Max fought to protect El.    In Season 4 he did everything to showcase his love for El.   The show at no point suggests it's unhealthy, or that El isn't literally empowered by Mike's speech. It's fine if you think personally it's unhealthy-plenty of non-Bylers do-but that doesn't change the show itself is treating it as an epic love story. If they wanted to suggest that Mike's monologue only 'hurt' El they wouldn't have had Mike's monologue be the blatant key to victory against Vecna. If they wanted to say it wasn't healthy, they would have had characters push back against Mike suggesting as such, which they *never* do.   The show isn't overly complex with not a word wasted either and if they aren't actively signalling the direction in clear terms, it's just not going to be where they are going. There's no suggestion-and with one season to go-that Mike and El are anything other than sincere to each other.    >Tf do you mean mike/will aren't meaningful, they're a childhood friends to lovers trope,  As a friendship of course they are meaningful-they are clearly *the* best friends of the show. But there isn't any meaningful (i.e. notable/a piece of information that's not just vague "they were totally flirting") suggestion of beyond that-if they were signalling something there they would have done at least half of what they did with Steve/Nancy in S4, and I don’t even imagine Steve and Nancy will end up together at all.   No Mike staring at Will with his shirt off, no staring lovingly into each other's eyes, no joking/bullying that Mike is gay about Will, no Mike reacting instantly to protect Will being commented upon with surprise.   Friends to lovers is already covered in the show by other couples. Joyce and Hopper (which is also a mix of enemies, to friends to lovers). And Jonathan and Nancy. Relatedly, the main three families here are clearly Byers, Wheelers and Hoppers. The Byers are joined to the Wheelers by Jonathan and Nancy already, the Hoppers are joined to the Byers by Joyce and Hopper, so is stands to reason they won't split up the connection between the Hoppers and Wheelers in El and Mike.   I think the ending is meant to be them becoming one big happy family. Because it's just that kind of show. And Will and Mike don't unfortunately fit that because they are a repeat of Nancy and Jonathan.   And no, I wouldn't be upset if Mike/Will did happen. I'd be surprised since there was no signalling that it would narratively. But I wouldn't be upset (personally, I imagine plenty of Mike/El shippers would be). If you will be upset if they don't then I think you need to be honest with yourself about perhaps reading into things and prepare for disappointment.
Its not that it is boy x boy, it is that if Will was 'Willow', most people would still think Mileven is endgame because of the narrative structure. That's like seeing Lucas and Max were gonna happen in S2 in contrast to Dustin and Max since Max didn't show any attraction towards Dustin.  Which one of their convos were flirting? They all are portrayed from a platonic relationship POV. And many of those convos consist of Mike talking about Eleven and Will helping him.  Mike strenghtening El with his monologue was an objective thing that happened.  The issue isn't that they knew each other longer, it is about how their relationship is portrayed. Lucas and Max have one of the strongest relationships on the show despite knowing each other for a shorter time.
THANK you for fighting in the trenches for Byler and spreading rationality and reason
Were they? Only Hopper and Joyce were ''slow burn''. Lucas and Max got together in the same season Max was introduced (S2), Jonathan and Nancy were always gonna get together because Steve was supposed to be an 'antagonist', not much of a 'slowburn' if we are being real.
If Will was Willow you would have absolutely no problem seeing the flirting. Extreme flirting the whole scene in Will's room when he was packing "I didn't say it" "you didn't have to" \*flirty smiles all around\* followed by "My friends are great but Hawkins is just not the same without you" That line is downright cheesy cliched romance and you know it. And honestly so on until they were just starring into each other's eyes until they were interrupted by the approaching killers. Not a second do I believe you'd call that platonic if it was between a girl and a boy.
They weren't officially together..plus it took max a long time to warm up to lucas, there was none of this w mileven. Also that's irrelevant, jancy was still a slow burn regardless
I do not see it because it was not flirting but was portrayed from a friendship angle. Also the suggestion that Mike was flirting with Will while still dating El seems very bad on Mike's end, and I do not know why Bylers hate Mike this much that they would think of him as a cheater too. Maybe just my own opinion.   Mike puts Will in his friendship category while describing him, he says his other friends are not like him which is like the whole point... it is affirming their best friendship status.  C'mon. You guys do not get to claim everything as some sort of secret homophobia/heteronormativity just bc ppl do not see the actual narrative pointing to Byler. I do not even think Stancy is gonna get together, that doesnt make me anti Steve or Stevephobic. You just have to follow a narrative to recognize an unrequited story portrayal. Which was what happened for Dustin regarding Max, and Steve with Nancy. And these are female x male dynamics. Not boy x boy.
How is that a slowburn? Do you even know what slowburn is?  Max and Lucas literally kissed at the Snowball, that was their relationship going official... that happened in the same season Max was introduced.   I think you guys are being obtuse on purpose right now, Lumax literally became a thing in one season and Nancy and Jonathan were written to get together because Nancy and Steve were portrayed as not working from get go. None of these ships are slowburn. The only slowburn has been really Joyce and Hopper.
Flirting is cheating now? Nancy btw. literally cheated by having sex with another dude without officially breaking up - she still claimed towards Murray that she loved Steve, minutes before having sex with Jonathan. But people have to "hate Mike so much" to realize he has attraction towards someone while not officially broken up. Although I think El tried to make it pretty official with the "from El" note.   You just have to follow the narrative to follow a slow burn romance plot too.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What do they call the enemy? Purple Nurple?
Sadie Sink so talented she can change races
What the ever-loving flip did I just watch? lol.
Vecna’d
What in the french fried fuck
What’s the name of that movie? I think I recognize one of the actresses!
I could've sworn she was about to morph into gollum at one point
I knew there was something missing from making today a good day. Ty
Scarlett Johansson crying unemployed somewhere now.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I want Steve to end up in a happy relationship, just... not with Nancy. I think it'd be far more interesting if he could overcome her
I disagree with a bit of this. I really don't see Jancy as being codependent - wanting to be with someone in the future isn't a sign of codependency, that's just a natural progression of being a couple. They have both still been able to find fulfilling aspects of their lives with their long distance (Nancy with her paper, Jonathan made a friend).  I don't think that the solution to Jonathan's parentification is to be single either. You can't learn to be more selfless by isolating yourself from your loved ones, that's not healthy either. And Jonathan's issues are far more about his family than Nancy, yet I'm sure that no one thinks that he should just cut ties with Joyce and Will to prioritize himself. And he doesn't need to do that with Nancy either. Him wanting her to be successful in her goals is a good thing, it's the way that he views himself in that equation right now that is his problem, and what he needs to work through.  I don't know what's going on with the college stuff and why Emerson is even a thing, but even if the Duffers do remember NYU, that still doesn't mean that they need to break up; Boston and Manhattan are just a few hours apart, they could still see each other while in college and neither of them would have to give up their schools for that.
I think the most likely scenario is that Nancy and Jonathan will fix their issues (aka lying, keeping secrets, being distant, etc) without breaking up. But I can see some sort of a 'let's go to different colleges while staying in touch' sort of ending... that is ofc if the writers remember Jonathan's dream of going to NY for college. It's not like they're going to marry anyway, it is just that they're portrayed as being in a relationship but might pursue other stuff first.   The issue between Steve and Nancy is that there's not been an actual setup for them, there's been only 'teasing' and 'tension', which doesn't make a good relationship set up, also add that what they want is very different and wouldn't work out...
Ever since they introduced the idea of a time skip, I’ve wanted Nancy to go to university without any ties and then reconnect with Jonathan afterwards. And I think that’s becoming a popular view, actually. Both characters have their own careers and futures to think about, but that doesn’t mean that they can’t find a way to be together in the end.
I just could not agree with this more. I don’t have too much to add here. I will say I want to see Nancy go off to Emerson alone and pursue every dream and ambition she’s ever had.  I would love to see Jonathan get accepted to NYU and have the courage and confidence to just… leave. He feels like he has to stay and look after his family, but I would love for him to feel like it was finally okay for him to go.  I want Steve to be the one to stick around Hawkins and call everyone else if he sees anything… strange.
Jancy WILL be endgame..im so sure of it
I totally agree with you, beside Steve being still the Ted of the Stancy scenario.  I love Nancy and I do think she's one of the most interesting character of the show, but she doesn't know how to communicate with her partner, exactly like her father. It's why her relationship with Steve didn't work in season 2 (beside the fact she was already in love with Jonathan and only went with Steve for lack of better). I also think Steve share more traits with Karen than Ted. They both want to have a big and happy family, to connect with their children and to be happy because of their family. They also both share the need to please, to be like by someone, to live a true love story. I don't think Steve as a lot of in common with Ted beside coming from a rich family. Nancy is clearly more the Ted now in this scenario.  Do I think Stancy has no chance to work? It depends of the season 5 to be honest. I'm sure Steve would leave Hawkins if Nancy asked him, he doesn't have dream in Hawkins to accomplish, and he would support her career. But they really need to learn to communicate and to talk about everything, specially about Barb, to make it work. ***(EDIT***:*~~And for the kid problems, they could honestly go with the adoption route, it wouldn't slow down Nancy career that way and still make Steve dream come true, I just don't know if Nancy would make a good mother or if she would ended up like her father in this situation.~~* *It seemed adoption would be worse for Nancy than prenancy, so Steve would just need to sacrifice his dream for her which is just horrible*). Maybe they could make it work in the long run *and with a lot compromise from Steve*, it's just unlikely.  Jancy is an another story. None of them express the need to have a big family and were in the season one career driven. They also have a lot things in commun and she's already in love with him, they just need some more communication to make it work. My big problem with them is the way Nancy outshine Jonathan everytime. It could make him resent her in the future, if he doesn't learn to put himself and his needs first. But, unlike Stancy, I still think they have a good chance to be endgame. They are too much popular in the fandom to not make them endgame.  The three of them being single at the end of the season would still be the best outcome for all them.
I don't disagree with any of this.  I'd like to add that Nancy is also Steve's father - serious career person who cheated on their partner and doesn't particularly care about family. So while they shouldn't be endgame for Nancy's sake as she's grown out of this relationship and it would be really bad for her to be with the ex-jock pretty boy who wants six kids, they also shouldn't be together for Steve's stake as he also shouldn't repeat the patterns of his own parents' unhappy marriage. (I don't blame Nancy, all of them need to grow up a bit and that's all, but it's a parallel)  And in Jonathan's life she's sort of Ted if he cared about his career, taking over Jonathan's future to make it fit her plans because she thinks that's the natural way. But if they communicate, they'll be good imo. They do love each other a lot with the good and the bad, they did acknowledge they know how much her career/ his family means, they were actually happy and excited to see each other. That 4 years later thing should be their endgame if they're endgame.
My gut says she and Steve will end up together.  My preference is...really nothing.  I'm good rolling with whatever they give me here, as all options I feel are possible, including one where Nancy doesn't stay with either boy.
Jancy shouldn’t be end game it’d destroy them both. Steve isn’t the same douche he was in s1 but I’m not sure that he and Nancy would work either but ‘the bump’ she gave him definitely helped him grow.
Honestly Nancy's so basic lmao she wants to be a star basically and be in the spotlight but so does Jonathan sort of they're both creative types and I don't think it will work endgame as you say on the other hand I see her slipping into Karen's position nicely after it's all said and done she will want someone who won't be as creative so she can take that spotlight position and Steve will do that he's an average Joe so to say Jonathan will live in California and have a awesome time in the 80s and 90s I see Nancy staying in Hawkins like her parents even if it's what she despised I think she will Learn to sympathizee with them more as you do growing up and she'll realize they're is value in what her parents have Nancy imo doesn't seem the type to break the Mold I feel she's mostly talk that's my 2 cents I see her going with Steve at the end her and Jonathan only have the trauma bond and those who've had that IRL know it doesn't last .
I'm hearing Ronance.
>*I don't think that the solution to Jonathan's parentification is to be single either. You can't learn to be more selfless by isolating yourself from your loved ones, that's not healthy either. And Jonathan's issues are far more about his family than Nancy, yet I'm sure that no one thinks that he should just cut ties with Joyce and Will to prioritize himself.*  Very fair point about Jonathan and his mom and brother. I think one of the worst persistent  trends in modern story telling is this idea that characters can only achieve personal goals and ambitions if they're on their own. I know for me personally, my successes are hinged on the support of family, friends, and especially my romantic partner.  I genuinely do not think I would be at the level in my career that I am without their support.   Of course I understand that  this trend stems from having characters, specifically women, portrayed as more than just love interests or the "sexy lamp." However, I think there has to be a middle ground between "character is only a love interest" and "character needs to be single to be successful".   I also push back on the idea the "being alone = being independent" but I've ranted enough here.
I hope they actually remember the NYU stuff man. But with the way they forgot Will's birthday and how they've treated Jonathan over the past couple seasons I'm expecting that it won't be brought up.
The only thing holding Jancy back is Jonathan’s daddy issues. Hopefully with Hopper becoming more of a step dad to the Byers family, will let Jonathan know he doesn’t have to sacrifice his ambitions to stay and support his family. Leaving him free to live his life with Nancy.
> And for the kid problems, they could honestly go with the adoption route, it wouldn't slow down Nancy career that way and still make Steve dream come true  Something tells me that you're not familiar with the adoption process, if you think that it would be less time consuming than a pregnancy.
Nancy didn't cheat on Steve. They were broken up before she and Jonathan went to Hawkins Lab to record Owens. Even Tommy H says so.
My preferred endgame is Jargyle and Ronance ngl. A future Jancy reunion at 2nd place. Anything but Stancy.
Jonathan definitely needs the encouragement and support of his loved ones; isolating himself from them emotionally is why he is in such a bad mental state right now. And I think that people also tend to adopt Jonathan's misaligned view that he will hold Nancy back and ignore all of the good that he's done for her over the show - he taught her to shoot, he brought her to Murray which sparked the love for journalism, he fully believes in her goals. Natalia has said that being with Jonathan has given Nancy the courage to be herself more too. He wouldn't be hindering her any more than she would be hindering him.
I mentionned it because Nancy wouldn't have to undergo the birth process and wouldn't have to leave her job for weeks. I never thought the adoption process was easy and not time consuming, but I thought she wouldn't have to sacrifice her career to make it happen. However, you're right, I don't know nothing about the US system, so I'm surely wrong here and it could be maybe worst for Nancy to go that way.  Maybe I should have suggest them being a foster home? I supposed the process is similar, so maybe not. It just seemed to me a good way for them to both be happy together. But hey, Stancy is never going to happen again, so it doesn't matter what I thought about this potential scenario.
It doesn't matter if she was technically cheating or not, this is not Friends to make a whole "were they on a break" war. What's important is how her dumping Steve to run around with Jonathan then going back to Steve when Jonathan's not available more than once puts her in Mr Harrington's cheating spouse role if they get together again. Steve would end up doing what her mom does, following her around to make sure she's not banging someone she "just works with"
I don't think Jonathan is hindering her. Rather I think that Jonathan should make a decision for himself, the way he's been portrayed in season 3 and 4 as compared to season 1 and 2 I don't think he's all in on Nancy's journalism idea. Ideally I'd want him to go to University on his own and he can stay in a relationship with Nancy but I think Jonathan's photography leans more to the art side than photojournalism. And I think he'd want to pursue that. The way it's portrayed in the show it's very clear Nancy wants to go to Emmerson with him, so my concept of them breaking up is based on that.
I don't know if it's guaranteed in the US (I'm european), but parental leave is necessary after adopting too, adding a new family member requires an adjustment period. You also need to take days off work to meet psychologists and social workers (which isn't just time consuming but takes an emotional toll as well). If you choose inter-country adoption you need to travel abroad and spend some time there. Each country has different rules, some require adoptive parents to stay there for a couple of weeks, some for months, some mandate multiple trips. The adoption process usually lasts longer than a pregnancy too.  And it's not like adopted kids parent themselves, you know? I just can't see Nancy with a large family.
Even if Nancy didn't have to take time off work for childbirth, she would still have to take time off to go on those summer RV trips that Steve was talking about. They really just have very different priorities.
I think you're a bit confused about the sequence of events on the show.
It was mostly a vague hypothesis I made here to be honest, I didn't thought a lot about it and the implication of doing it, so my bad. I also don't really want this future for herself or Steve personally. I was just trying to imagine a potential future where they could be both happy together.   I agree, Nancy isn't made for a big family and they will be more happy on their own path. A fulfilling career it was going to make Nancy happy when Steve only need to have a family who show him love to flourished. I just like to imagine sometimes alternative paths for the characters of the show, it's fun way to wait the next season.
That part is true, even if I do think Nancy will take some day off in her career, I don't see her leaving her work longer than a week at time. It was just an bad hypothesis I made, sorry.
Well it's not totally untrue. Nancy dumped Steve and then went off with Jonathan in s1. Then in s2 she said she "waited" for Jonathan but decided to get back with Steve because Jonathan was unavailable after Will came back. Then when Steve doesn't want to go along with her, she dumps Steve again and goes off with Jonathan to Murray's where they sleep together.
No need to be sorry, we're all just looking at our potential scenarios. I just feel like, if Stancy was intended to be a viable option, we wouldn't have to struggle so much to find ways that it could work, because the writers would have just made it work. With Jancy, they have drama in the way that all TV couples do, but said drama also has a very clear solution (Hopper being around to support Joyce and Will = Jonathan feels free to leave), and we've seen Nancy and Jonathan express similar desires for the future. Whereas with Nancy and Steve, they are just totally different people with different ideas of what a fulfilling like looks like. Nancy may end up having one or two kids one day, and I'm sure she'll take some vacations, but it's just not the same as what Steve wants.
it's so funny to me that they think el and mike are gonna break up for will and mike to be a thing. it's like that just ignored the actual show and made up their own in their heads
This is why it's important to curate your fandom experience - block/mute liberally, and just try to have fun in your corner with folks who either agree with or are accepting of your ship preferences. People are going to have opinions, but you don't need to listen to them, especially if it upsets you.  But also, it's all fake and in the end, it doesn't matter. People are going to ship what they want, the show's writers will write what they want, and it's all equally fictional. Don't stress about what other people think of your preferred ships - there will never be a fandom where everyone agrees with everyone else, or where everyone is 100% reasonable about the things they dislike.
I’m just blown away that people are stupid enough to still think Mike and Will is a thing and that they’ll end up together.
Agree with everything you said. The fact that they think mike is secretly in love with will and just using el because he hasn't "explored" yet, is seriously so toxic and annoying. Just because will supposedly likes Mike, doesn't mean mike owes him anything at all. It honestly reminds me of these "fake guy friends" who freak out when you suddenly become single but don't want to get into a relationship with them. It's just toxic behaviour.      It's like people are watching completely different shows. It seems very obvious that mike is straight and in love with el considering his actions. He's literally never shown any interest in guys or will. And he's also allowed to grow apart from will. People grow out of friendships allll the time. It's not uncommon, it's normal. You change interests.
It wouldn't make sense for Mike and El to end up with someone else other than each other on the actual show, especially after 4 seasons, so I hope the Duffer Brothers won't listen to Tumblr or Twitter
This! I’ve never understood the hatred. To me their relationship was like watching your younger sibling navigate their first crush. To me they’re adorable they’re two kids in love.
Oh, I wasn't surprise to see Byler fans misanalyze Mileven to give more value to their own ship, it's a pretty common thing in a ship war. You have just to learn to pass above that and to only enjoy your ship on the nicest and chillest side of the fandom. I don't have a preference between Mileven and Byler, I do think both are good on their own way, but I do think Byler fans should chill out a bit in the replies of the Stranger thing Writers tweets.
They act like it's only Mike who's wrong in the relationship, but Eleven also defended Hopper after Hopper locked Mike in his car and threatened him, all because of something Mike said in private when she spied on him. Eleven also said Mike doesn't know how she feels after she saw Mike jumping off the cliff while Troy threatened his friend with a knife. If Mike was the one spying on Eleven then I doubt the Mike haters would be quick to defend him like they do Eleven, and I'm not saying I hate Eleven, but Mike is a great character and gets way too much hate.
I think it’s really just born from a subset of the fandom that’s really overaggressive with their wish to have Mike be gay and return Will’s obvious feelings for him. Which I get it! Will is a gay character and he’s also had a lot of trauma so a lot of people want him to find happiness, but the way so many people argue that it’s 100% factually canon that it will happen has kind of wandered off into some very toxic territory when it comes to putting Bylers against Milevens.   I understand where their need for a queer ship to be canon comes from. I get it! I am a queer individual myself so I fully understand. But a lot of their reasoning for why they think Byler is definitely going to happen is borderline delusional, and when called out for it, people tend to double down and even go on the offensive towards what what they see as an obstacle - namely, Mileven.   Personally, I don’t even care about that love triangle myself. I think it’s the absolute least interesting part of the show, and I agree with you the hate has gotten very out of hand!
Thank you! I watched the show for the first time very recently and Mileven was immediately my favorite relationship. I thought people liked it but man was I wrong.
The fandom doesn’t hate Mileven. One particular subset does.   But honestly, posts like this, add to the warring discourse.
Be writers, write fantastic show that is well received and widely loved. Throw in some awkward teenage relationships cus they exist, and make the characters feel more human. Cannonically (not a word, who cares) write in a relationship between two of the main characters and let it be a pretty big plot point. Watch half of your fan base dissociate from reality, and start “psychologically” analyzing the relationship, leading to arguments about how what you wrote is wrong, and “abusive” and proceed to pair a character struggling with their sexuality with someone who isn’t, and then get mad that it isn’t what is written. It’s not healthy guys, it really isn’t. Saying “hey, Mike and Will would be a cool couple” is fine, but to psychoanalyze things that aren’t there and assume you know the story better then the writers is just unhinged. Milevin or whatever the hell it’s called shouldn’t even have it’s own ship phrase. It’s a CANONICAL relationship  Edit: thanks for the awards kind strangers!!
Has this been a long time thing, or only more prevalent since Will was revealed as having romantic feelings for Mike?
Ngl I ain’t reading allat but I agree lol. The hate they get is unbelievable. They’re one of my fav things about the show
It's ironic that mileven seems to have a rep amongst certain fans as being toxic. A lot of people I talked to say its the healthiest relationship on the show.  There's a lot to back that up.  1. They have there own interests. We never see El play DND and we've seen that she enjoys skating more than Mike. El also likes pineapple on pizza where Mike finds it disgusting. 2. Mike never forces El to do something she doesn't want to do. El was the one who wanted to continue kissing when Mike stopped to sing. It was El's idea to cut their visit with the party short to go make out. 3. We've seen that though they love each other, there are certain things they won't tolerate. Example, Mike doesn't tolerate El hurting his friends or anyone else. 4. They support each other and know when to come the other's aid. Mike thought it was a bad idea for El to try to reach the mind flayer, but he still supported her decision to try.    One of the weirdest arguments I've seen from people who hate mileven involves the first time Mike and El met. Some claim that Mike forgot about Will to help out a girl. Others say that Mike was only using El to find Will and never cared about her. WTF? Neither interpretation is right. It was Mike's idea to go out in the storm to find Will. It was storming and getting late. They could've stayed for hours and as far as they know they won't find him. Even if Mike wanted to keep looking there was no way he was gonna find Will. We all know Will was in the Upside Down. So at the moment there's nothing he can do for Will. There is plenty he can do for El, who needed help right away. At the house, Mike makes it clear he hasn't forgotten Will, he just wanted to help someone in need. Was he to have left El in the storm to continue a fruitless chase?  As for using El to find Will. Mike had no clue El has powers or even knows Will when he helped her. She was someone in need. Even after learning about her powers and that she could help find Will, Mike wanted her to stay at his house and go to the Snow Ball. After she disappear he called her everyday. Then after she came back he visited her everyday. When she moved away he wrote to her often. Does this seem like the actions of a guy who was only using a girl to find Will?  Some people just don't like mileven. That's fine, but they shouldn't lie about events on the show to justify their hatred.
yeah, there’s really only one group of fans who despise them, and it’s mostly because El gets in the way of their ship… like, shipping is totally normal and something I mostly enjoy, but those people INSIST on the most insane things to prove that their fave ship will be real, and act like the rest of the show’s fans are all delusional and stupid for not knowing what they know. it’s straight out of a flat-earther’s playbook 🥴  meanwhile, I’ve seen those people do things like - insist mike doesn’t love el at all - compare mike to brenner - insist mike and el are like siblings - say that el isn’t ready for a relationship because she acts “like a child” - insist that el’s implied disabilities aren’t canon - joke that mike is disgusted by el, and women in general - use the racism that Lucas has faced as proof of their ship being real - ignore Robin’s sexuality and say that mike is “more queercoded” than a canon lesbian character   like… I’m a fan of steve/eddie and robin/nancy, but you’d NEVER catch me getting online and telling everyone that those ships are going to be canon next season with 100% confidence 😭😭
Well said and 100% agree.
I think people forget these are supposed to be teenagers and adolescents. Things are confusing, people act weird, and are often afraid to admit or show real feelings.   Then, when they do, they don't understand hormones, they don't understand their feelings (not just romantic ones but emotions as well).   So when people get mad because a 14 year old boy was kind of a jerk to a 14 year old girl; or when a 14 year old girl ignores a 14 year old boy you have to remember that is exactly how a lot of 14 year olds act.
Buried at this point, but I had to add.  The fandoms for both ships are incredibly toxic, I won't deny, but man, some Bylers are NUTS. I've seen one say that the music points to Byler, than the lighting points to Byler, the whole nine yards. Harassment is guaranteed if you even say ONE thing bad about it, or even just constructive criticism, and then you're homophobic. Milevens can be the same way towards Bylers, harassing them for even being NEUTRAL towards the ship.  I think something interesting is that people hate when it's all about Mileven, but they do the same thing with Byler, making it all about Will's crush on Mike. They say that Mileven is toxic, mainly because they're kids, but expect Byler to perfect with rainbows and unicorns even though it's met with the same problems as Mileven, and even more, like being gay in the 1980s. The fandom for Mileven is the same way, just the other way around. Both sides are hypocritical. Neither side can have their cake and eat it too.  The main reason for hate is the fandom villainizing every mistake that Will, Mike, and El do, and then say because of that, it's toxic.  I like Mileven a lot. It's not a perfect ship, but it's definitely a good one, and I'm shocked at all of the hate towards it.
It’s overhated recently by some communities online, but the overall fandom definitely approves of them. Since S4, there has been an increase with online communities getting into Byler (at least off of Reddit, these popular Byler forums are primarily used by younger generations). I haven’t ever noticed there were Byler fans at all until around S4. Fanatics who really don’t understand narrative (rules, tropes, etc.) make “analysis” content that ends up very skewed and often downright wrong, but the number of followers rises because they blindly believe this content without the critical thinking skills to actually distinguish what’s right or not.   I know there has always been a large slash ship community (for any fandom) online, and it’s risen in popularity over the last two decades (I remember Harry Potter and other popular fandoms at the time with huge slash communities). Social media since then has exploded in numbers and platforms, and it’s fast and easy to share comments and fan content.  I think it’s sad that there’s been a growing number of fans who actively dislike Mileven, but honestly from what I’ve seen by the vast majority of such comments, they don’t understand Mike or El’s characters very well, generally because they don’t really want to or really don’t understand/can’t figure them out. They maybe don’t like flawed or more complicated characters (there’s a reason characters like Steve and Dustin are so popular; they’re fun and not very deep or complicated compared to some of the other main characters).  Mike and El are more complex (El is by far the most complex character on the show) and I appreciate and enjoy these types of characters. I need a real emotional investment to care strongly for a character, and those are usually the more flawed and complicated ones.   All that said, I do think as the generations get older and revisit the show, a lot of people will come back to enjoying and appreciating Mike and El and their beautiful and fiercely loyal relationship like they did in the earlier seasons.
Lol honestly it’s just a TV show, please chill out
I thought you said “overrated “ and was super confused lol. I agree tho they are meant to be
I'm not even a mileven, but when I see some of these arguments spewed at them (especially the "el shouldn't be in a relationship" one), it really makes me what to become one out of spite.
I just want to put up a little bit of love for Mike here.  In season 3 El breaks up with Mike for lying (When he was forced to)  In season 4 Mike gets a little upset that El had been lying to him for months and then tries to reconcile
I think it's more Mike hate than hate mileven in general. Mike has been losing popularity since s3 and the way he started treating Will and El in s4 only made the general public hate him even more. And the fact that they highlighted Will's suffering because of this relationship did not go unnoticed by them. For every mlvn shot you have a Will hurt in the background so lol it makes sense they aren't the most liked couple right now.
Honestly shipping war's have gone on since the dawn of time lol this is pretty bad but I think one of the worst I've ever seen was the 100 Lexa and Clarke and Bellamy and Clarke. The Clexa and Bellarke shippers used to go at it on Twitter and Tumblr and it got ugly lol supernatural and Destiel was really bad too.
[removed]
Mike is one of the least gay characters I’ve ever seen in any media.
The vast majority people who aggressively hate mileven are delusional bylers who have convinced themselves that Mike is suddenly going to fall head over heels for Will.  They will be gravely disappointed and probably cry about queerbaiting upon seeing the final season, and as a queer person, I’ll laugh at them, lol.
It’s actually typical behavior from non-canon shippers who feel entitled to have their ship happen and are angry it’s not - just make things toxic! It’s not just this fandom but this one is bad!
It's overhated but I don't think their relationship adds anything to the show. It would be fine without it.   The whole "fell in love at 11, and stay together forever" thing is a little weird to me. Cute though.
I don't hate Mieleven, I don't care for it too, I just think it's there
I don’t think that Mike has mistreated El. In contrast, in season 4 in particular, I think he’s done everything he can to open up and be vulnerable with her. I think he’s a very misunderstood character, and people brush over the fact he had been lied to for 6 months and obviously struggled to cope with that information to begin with. But he always goes out of his way to apologise for things, even when they’re not even his fault.   But the issue I do have is the lack of two-way conversation and understanding we get from this couple. Separating them so much again in season 4 really hasn’t helped.   It’s actually El’s side of things that feels up in the air for me. She never really acknowledged what she did to Mike, she brushed off his comparison of bullying, and by the end of the season she was still acting like a closed book re: what happened to Max. While Mike has shown progression, El hasn’t.   It doesn’t feel like Mike knows her character very well, because we don’t see her open up to him much at all. Compare this to what we saw with Lucas and Max this season, where Max found herself exposing her darkest of thoughts in Lucas’ presence, and we sensed them becoming all the closer for everything they were experiencing together.   Obviously El’s speech and language issues have been a problem previously, but she really stood her ground against Papa this season and seems to be able to communicate really well now. We just don’t get to see her speak to Mike very much.   They used Will’s speech to explain El’s behaviour to Mike, but I don’t think that’s an acceptable replacement for her actually providing that reassurance herself. The explanation given fitted Will’s circumstances better anyhow.   Then when Mike opened his heart to her and told her he loved her, they made him do it in a circumstance where she couldn’t respond or react. Then they skipped ahead two days and said she’d barely been talking.   Obviously this could all be fixed in season 5, and could have been intentional. But it was frustrating to have so little to go off, and after a 3 year break from the show too.  Edit: I think the other issue is that it isn’t just treated like an “innocent first love” relationship in the show. Mileven are a big part of the plot, and we keep getting *told* how much they love each other. They just don’t seem to want to *show* us why in the same way they do with other couples. They’d just rather keep separating them and have all their personal development as characters happen apart. It just seems odd, and becomes annoying.  But they were certainly very cute when they were younger and first getting together. I’ve watched their season 2 reunion way too many times. I just don’t get the same feels 2 seasons down the road.
I’m not a fan of it because they were just way too young when they got together. El literally was ok with Mike being her brother before they kissed. El didn’t have time to even learn the mechanics of a relationship or what being in one entails. Did she even know she could break up with Mike before Max told her? That’s an issue. Imagine she wasn’t happy.   The show should have had her develop socially before putting her with Mike. We could have had a whole season of what we got in s3 with her and Max. She should have learned about romantic relationships and the difference between that and a platonic one.   El is definitely emotionally mature enough to be in a relationship and this is not me saying that she should be independent. She’s intelligent, intuitive and compassionate much more than a lot of the other characters, but to ignore the fact that she was raised in a lab and isn’t socially on the same level as Mike does the pairing no favors. They shouldn’t have shoved her in a relationship when she was a child.   The show also does a lot of “telling” but not showing with their relationship. I don’t care if Mike said I love you nine times. That doesn’t fix ANY of their issues in s4 at all since we didn’t get one genuine conversation between them. Doesn’t change the fact that El lied or that Mike was being distance and felt like he couldn’t be honest with her. He also didn’t talk about any of her traits in that monologue besides her being a superhero. Contrast that to Lumax, who had several heart to hearts. They don’t need a grand declaration of love to show that they are in love. Their quiet intimate moments do that.   They should have been a slow burn.   Doesn’t help that they needlessly involved a traumatized Gay kid into their relationship and used his pain and unrequited love to prop up the pairing. Will never sit right with me.  Also, please do not accuse me of being byler or an opposing shipper because I do not really ship anything.
I appreciate you pointing out that many very serious terms are being alleged of Mileven quite casually, which does a disservice to people in actual abusive, toxic, or manipulative situations.   Probably, the Bylers are so wrapped up in their support of Will, that they are not able to be realistic about Mike's very different feelings for his friend, Will and his girlfriend, El. I hope a new character is introduced, who is the perfect ship for Will. I love his character and want his happiness. He won't find that with Mike.
First off, this is the sub where every mildly anti-mileven post gets reported to hell. so, i wouldn't say being overhated is an issue here.  mike and el's relationship was at it's strongest in btwn s2 and s3, which is when mike was the only way el could access the outside world. imo that alone makes it a terrible relationship.  >The way people try so hard to baby El, and make her seem like she doesn't understand what love is or that she's not ready really just screams ableism.  I'm tired of people claiming it's ableist to say that a 14-year-old girl might not understand her own feelings. This is a very common part of life and El's backstory simply makes it more likely. It is demonstrated repeatedly how el's isolation from society for most of her life has affected her. 30 seconds before she kissed mike, she expected him to be her brother. she didn't even know what liking things felt like until *season 3*. she has spent a lot of time figuring out who she really is and what she really wants, and sometimes people think they want a boyfriend when they don't. that's not ableism, that's just being human.  >Also saying you want El to have an "independent arc" when she is one of the most independent character's in the series and has shown that throughout every season especially seasons 2 and 4.   and el's independence arcs have always happened after she separates from mike.  >because Mike has issues verbally showing his feelings  this is probably the biggest misconception in the fandom, and it exists solely to justify his inability to say ILY to el.  Mike is really, really good at expressing his feelings verbally, and he does it CONSTANTLY since day 1. when he's upset over everyone's reaction to will's disappearance he says it despite his parents' attempting to shut him down. when el hurts him, he explain why directly and in detail. when he doesn't like that max is hanging out with them, he says so directly to everyone, including her. when he's reunited with el the first thing he says is how he never gave up hope for her. in s3 he won't shut up about how max and el's actions are affecting him and how important el is to him. in s4 he explains his feelings to will multiple times without prompting. it's *only* when it comes to saying he loves el that he has trouble.  and the show gives us a reason for why he can't say it, and it's not just that he's bad at talking about feelings. he specifically states that it's because he's afraid of making it hurt more when she leaves him.
I don’t even have to read the rest the title is enough for me to agree with
Thank you for saying it!!
Ableism is a root for a lot of this. I think its undeniable El has traits and behaviours that can read as her being neurodiverse from her PTSD and severe social isolation. Mike said it himself, he's loved El "every day since" they met. Why people so badly want to downplay the significance of a female protagonist, one with neurological struggles and self doubt insecurities, be ***loved*** wholeheartedly and unconditionally by the first person to not see her as a monster is beyond me.  Negating fan 'theories' and wish-fulfilment fantasies anyone can see Mike and El are meant to be together since that day in the rain. They've been met with challenges in the narrative, more than any other couple, but they learn, adapt and grow. I personally also think they have the most interesting relationship dynamic too.
Caring about ships in a show about kids fighting spooky monsters in the 80s is overrated.
I agree that some people baby El, but I also think some people take aspects of El and project them onto other parts of her. I'm not a fan of mileven, mainly because I think they rushed into it in the first season and shouldve made it a slowburn, but I don't think I'll ever be convinced that it was a good decision to basically put El in a relationship a week after entering the real world.  yes, I know her and Mike didn't officially start dating until the end of s2, but they're obviously committed to each other from immediately after their kiss. I think that hurt my support for them, because instead of seeing El wanting to reunite with Dustin, Lucas, and Mike equally but slowly realizing she has feelings for Mike, we just see her hyperfocus on Mike because he kissed her  also yeah, I don't think El should've been in a relationship as early as she was. sue me. I mean, she didn't even know the concept of a breakup until max explained it to her in SEASON 3. that is something that people should absolutely have an understanding of before they get into any kind of relationship. I mean, what if max had never explained it to her and her and she stayed with Mike into adulthood, and God forbid (I know he would never do this but just for arguments sake) Mike began mistreating her? it all just seems way too problematic for me  I do think mileven will be endgame, mostly since they have been the 'main' ship, but I don't think I'll ever be a fan of them as a couple. they've had their moments, but overall I've never enjoyed their 'coupley' moments as much as their solo ones.
OP btw I also agree with what you’re saying in the sense of how people are portraying Mileven in an abusive/manipulative way. I also genuinely believe whatever it is, they do love one another. And I do also think that people need to either accept it or hate it. But I also agree that you can ship other ships without being overly aggressive on this one. I just personally don’t like their relationship at all and am open to it being endgame as long as they work through their shit and it actually be shown and not told to us. Like with Lucas and Max in 4.
As someone who only casually follows this sub waiting for the next season, I hate the name "Mileven" because my first reaction was "Millie Bobby Brown and Eleven? Wait... that doesn't make sense..."  I would strongly prefer "Mikeleven" or even just "MikEl" or maybe "Elemike"...
I agree
Tbf the Mileven fandom is horrible to the Byler shippers as well. It doesn’t help that both sides are always at each other’s throats.  Everyone knows who hates Mileven and who hates Byler: the opposite side. Everyone loves to bash the ship that is preventing their ship from being together.  If you guys would all just respect each other’s opinions and leave each other alone there wouldn’t be such an uproar. But instead, half of the sub acts like children and attacks each other for shipping characters from a tv show.
YES!! THIS!! ALL OF THIS!! SOMEONE FINALLY SAID IT!!
ALL OF THIS, FACTSSSSSS!!!!👏🏾👏🏾
People like to hate stuff that’s popular
#IT'S NOT EVEN A SHIP. IT'S **CANON** FFS  ^(@) ^all ^the ^slavering ^Will ^x ^Mike ^shippers
lol
In the end, everyone is entitled to their opinions and preferences when it comes to shipping. It's important to approach these discussions with respect for the characters and the complexity of their relationships. It's okay to disagree with others, but it's not okay to make baseless accusations or tear down characters to make a point.
Tldr
We don’t like it because it’s just too overused and it’s turned into the only reason the story can move on. The relationship no longer feels real or like a cute fling of two kids who try to protect each other but has turned into something that only exists to move the plot forward in a very cheap way. There are so many great places their relationship could have gone or just ended but no
From what I see most people don’t hate Mileven, they just want Will to have a happy ending with Mike liking him back. And there are billions of straight couples in the media already but gays get little to nothing, so I have to side with them on this.
I just think it just lost its flame. It was cute at first but most people are over it. Especially with Mike’s character development in season 4.
imo its overrated
I don’t hate Mileven, but I can't like them now after they made Will in love with Mike and then had him confess his feelings as Eleven’s feelings. This was used to inspire Mike to say a love speech to Eleven. Not sure how anyone can find that cute or romantic.
What I like about Mike and Eleven is that there’s literally nothing special about Mike.
i don’t hate their ship, but i do want them to break up. I think Eleven’s character arc is all about independence, and mike can be somewhat overbearing yet also distant, which doesn’t help at all, considering how much pain it caused Eleven in s4. I would like to see them end their relationship amicably and become best of friends. And neither of them need to be in a relationship at the end of s5, it’s okay to be single.  edit: jeez, y’all did noooot like this. I never said that i don’t like mike or don’t like their ship. in a following comment, i clarify that i don’t think their relationship is sustainable.
I just personally don’t see the chemistry anymore and I feel like their relationship is toxic. But if they TRULY resolve their issues by ST5, fine. Just quit with this back and forth, and actually work through issues other than ignoring them. Not ADDRESSING them. RESOLVING them.
Mike is one of my least favorite characters on the show. Would I rather El be with someone else? Maybe if the right person came along. Yet despite my disdain for Mike the idea that Mike has been abusive or that his feelings have been in genuine NEVER crossed my mind. Do people really say/think the things you mentioned? That’s so bizarre to me. I’ve been in several abusive relationships with narcissists and other abusers so I know, at this point, what abuse and manipulation looks like. And mikes relationship with El sure as hell ain’t it,
I think El is not ready to be anyone’s girlfriend. She needs to find herself and work on herself before being with anyone
I do think they’re a *tad* co-dependant, and I do prefer Byler as a ship, but yeah I don’t despise Mileven or anything.
I don't hate it, but I do think Mike is a little odd for liking a girl who pops people's brains, and then the blood pours out their eyes, and he witnessed it happen. I think everyone would admit that's a little odd
I mean, people are dumb.  But this is JUST a reddit thing.  That said, Mike and Eleven were trapped in the big stupid waste of time plot in Season 4, and it didn't do either of them any favors.
El canonically asks Mike if he’s going to be like her brother in S1 and Mike can’t articulate why their relationship is different (“I guess it’s not.”) At that point she had little to/no conception of romantic relationships because she’s spent her life in a lab. In S3, she finds out from Max that she’s allowed to have her own interests (“Not Hopper. Not Mike. You.”) Calling everyone who acknowledges these canonical facts ableist is just so weird to me (a neurodivergent person). I didn’t even know Byler was a thing back in S3, but the writers keep ramming us over the head with her independence arc, and the actress keeps saying the same stuff in her interviews. Past S1, I can think of maybe one real conversation these two have outside of her powers/where they aren’t arguing. They don’t even talk after the love confession this season. There’s a reason why people tend of favor Lucas/Max. Because even though they go through their immature middle school break up phase like Mike/El, we see them genuinely opening up again and beginning to have mutual dialogue, not a monologue full of cliches where one character can’t even respond to the long awaited love confession because they’re being choked out while their best friend is dying. And people fall back on “WELL ITS CANON”, but that doesn’t mean people have to like them as a couple. And I think a lot of the hatred comes from the fact that they’re the center couple in the younger group, so a lot of time feels wasted on this honestly tiring couple that could be spent on more interesting dynamics.
Naw i aint readin allat
>seeing people say he's lying about loving and caring about her feels so wrong to me.  I agree that feels wrong. He of course genuinely cares for her so much, as he was honestly Abe t tell her at the start of S4. He is just gay, that is not the same as being cold.  I do agree the misuse of terms like gaslighting is super annoying!
Why people want to ship a couple of underage kids to make a gay couple is beyond me
I mean, Mike is my least favorite character. But he's been into El forever. I feel for Will, and that's the point.
Yes, exactly. The guy has shown literally no interest in anyone but El. I mean if you want to have your fan fiction, fine. But this is such nonesense.
I’ve been watching the show since the beginning, but only got involved with the online fandom side of things last year. I remember being shocked at the extent to which some people hated it lol. Like I wasn’t expecting it to be everyone’s favourite part of the show, but the way in which people were trying to discredit it was startling. I naively thought that after Mike’s declaration in season 4 people would just accept their relationship and move on, but nope.  Either way though, it’s best not to let people with differing opinions ruin your own enjoyment of the show ✌️
You must remember that you're referring to a subset of the fanbase that has an oversized presence on social media.  They're not representative of the fanbase as a whole.  They're just loud and stupid and have no sense of "maybe I'm looking like an idiot."  So don't take them seriously.  Shipping is by and large a ridiculous thing anyway.  I understand your liking of Mike and El's relationship, however.  I appreciate it because of what a creative risk it was and how well they've pulled it off.  It took seriously creative balls to make the central love story of the show be between a pair of young teenagers, because that could have gone so wrong in so many ways.  (Indeed, I imagine it was one of the plot elements that caused the show to be rejected so many times before Netflix took a chance on it; recall that several networks wanted the show to ditch the kids and make Hopper the focus, so you can imagine these networks didn't want the main romantic couple to be a pair of 12-year-olds.)  But they not only made it work, they've turned it into one of the sweetest and most affecting love stories on TV today.  (They especially got the casting right; if it hadn't been Wolfhard and Brown, it could have been very different.) In particular, the reunion in S2 was when I threw up my hands and went, "Okay Duffers, fine, you win, it isn't just puppy love, they're fucking soulmates."
>when I went online  Yea. It's just a reddit thing.  People who aren't on Reddit are happily on board with it.
100% agree. Same for me - watched ST recently without knowing much about it, and certainly nothing about the online chatter, and I thought the way Mike and El are written is superlative. Pretty realistic and sweet all things considered for two teens.
Same. I once didn’t care much about mileven or any other ships. Binged vol1 then went to the tweet of Netflix’s to see how everyone thinks Mike and Els misunderstandings could be resolved. Worst mistake of my life.
Yess Mileven is adorable
Lots of people realize they’re gay cause they have crushes on their besties; that doesn’t mean they’re obligated to leave their partner for them, especially when that’s the first person’s adopted sister…
Will doesn’t “supposedly like” Mike. He’s madly in love with Mike. And it is in no way “obvious that Mike is straight.”
Is there a social media site that supports Mileven?
they said they aren’t listening to reddit so good luck with that
The chillest side of the fandom is probably Lumax.   There are nice and toxic people in every part of the fandom and everyone feels probably the safest in parts of the fandom where people agree with their opinions. I would not call people "nice and chill" who have insulted several people on a personal level for takes like "Mike and El have a very special and deep bond, but I rather see them as platonic besties [the name Will is nowhere mentioned]".   If you only engage in pro-discourse every subset of the fandom feels nice and chill if you agree with their opinions. That is why platforms where it is easier for people to stay in their bubble feel more homely and welcoming. Unfortunately, platforms like Reddit are catered towards confrontation and bring out the most toxic sides of people who cannot handle opinions different than their own.
I mean mileven shippers in this very thread are calling me toxic  and saying I’m watching the show and twisting the narrative all because I’m not a fan of mileven and dare have a different opinion. Both fanbases are insane.   I’m not even a byler shipper either. It’s ridiculous.
Yes, people really wouldn't care about the ship if it wasn't for the fact that there's the obnoxious subset of the fandom that insists against all proof otherwise that it WILL be canon and that you're homophobic or whatnot if you disagree.  They've gotten even worse since Vol. 2 basically nuked that and it's exhausting.  You get them latching onto the tiniest little perceived thing in the background of a scene to support their ship (Mike is standing in front of an open closet, he must be gay!), while waiving away Mike's emotional declaration of love to the girl he's loved since the beginning of the series (NINE times, people) as "he doesn't mean it."  If you're a creative person, these are the type of fans you cannot stand.  They're one step away from Annie Wilkes territory.  Also, there's not really a "love triangle" with Mike, El and Will.  You can't really have a lot triangle if two of the sides are deeply attached and the third side is standing off to the sidelines with a forlorn expression on his face and not telling anyone about it.  If it's a "love triangle", everyone involved at least has to have a chance.  Will doesn't and he knows it, which is a big reason why he stays silent.
They remind me of the Sherlock truthers who thought the show was definitely going to end with Watson and Sherlock as a couple and made up all kinds of conspiracy theories to prove it. If you think the Bylers are crazy now, just wait until the show finishes with a Mileven ending.
exactly. and even in that subset, its not a garunteed thing. Many bylers don't mind or even like mileven. i think this sub like to villainize and mischaracterize bylers as eleven haters who will go on a hate campaign if will and mike don't end up together, when many accept that byler will likely never be canon, they just like the dynamics of the ship better. It also feels like many fans, especially on this subreddit, misunderstand how shipping works and that people can 'ship' multiple competing relationships.
This is such an accurate depiction of what is happening. I could frame it!
Definitely since then
Just wanted to say this is one of the best and most original (which is hard to do over 6 years into the show's life) analyses of Mileven I have ever read on this sub. Wonderfully said!
This is so accurate, you need more upvotes!
Given they're a pair of socially-awkward, verbally-conflicted young teenagers who have no idea what they're doing as far as a relationship goes, they've been a remarkably stable and functional couple.
And goodness can't we all agree that all 3 were trying their best at the skating rink in a bad situation? Not at all the fault of any of them that Angela decided to cause trouble! None of them deserved to have such a bad day and I think we can agree about that at the very least. They're all young and confused
>than the lighting points to Byler  Lmao I was just debating with a person who said this, apparently the cinematography and mise en scene somehow point towards Byler, no examples given at all but apparently I'm supposed to just take their word for it. Honestly some of these people are master trolls I respect how they say so much and use so many big words and terms without even saying anything meaningful. Honestly funny reading these threads watching people try to reason with them and driving the discussion around in circles
>Fanatics who really don’t understand narrative (rules, tropes, etc.) make “analysis” content that ends up very skewed and often downright wrong, but the number of followers rises because they blindly believe this content without the critical thinking skills to actually distinguish what’s right or not.   I definitely agree with this. People have a tendency to see what they want to see. So they do their best to connect the dots into what they want.  I've seen some really out there bat shit theories that have nothing whatsoever to do with the actual narrative. Mostly it was like Mike and Will are wearing the same color so they are going to be a couple thing.   I had a very similar experience like this in a different fandom.  I was a part of a forum (back when forums were a thing) of a couple that I shipped. Let's call them Bill and Sandy. I loved them, I thought they had great chemistry. But to me it was obvious that Bill and Linda were going to *the couple*. I expressed the opinion that Bill and Sandy had fantastic chemistry and had great potential as a couple but it just wasn't going to happen. Because it was more than obvious that Bill and Linda were going to happen. It got so crazy that someone out right accused me of being a Bill and Linda spy. 🤨. So I ended up leaving the forum.   And in the end Bill and Linda got together. Or rather it was revealed they had secretly been together for an entire year. Then they broke up. Got married, got divorced (or separated) then got back together again and lived happily as a married couple. Before you ask this wasn't a soap opera. It was a freaking crime drama procedural and these were two grown ass adults. One of which was in their 50s.
>Mike and El are more complex (El is by far the most complex character on the show)  I believe they're doing this to make Byler as a genuine possibility in the narrative. That's why there's a sudden appearence of people claiming that El should not be in a relationship because ''she's not ready and cannot understand her love for Mike''. They also tend to say that El should be independent, they are framing this opinion as some sort of a good/feminist structure but in reality they just do not want to see El with Mike. They think El's narrative is only about independence when in actuality it is crucially about finding love because she's spent her life at the lab.  They also tend to turn Mike's character into someone he's not, and then claim that they care more about Mike's character in this newly created narrative that they made up. But they tend to miss the point of Mike's character by making him seem like he's been constantly lying to El since at least S2 about loving her and supposedly flirting with Will behind her back. That's just character butchering at its core and peak. Not to mention when people say Mike is abusive to El and is using her when the whole point is that Mike is a good child/character is just very ridiculous.  I'd even say that they even butcher Will's character, when a large part of Will's character has been about showing his selflessness and accepting that things change in life and progresses, that we cannot stuck in the past forever. He's been supportive of Mike and El in this season and people try to make it seem like Will getting together with Mike would be a nice portrayal in S5.
I am having to work really hard to not let these younger fans steal my joy of the show and Mileven but it's been very hard. They're actually ruining my appreciation for the other ships as well, even though I know it isn't rational. But it bothers me nonetheless that they can't just enjoy other ships in peace while simultaneously dragging Mileven and whatnot.
This shit is so cringe i have no idea how people care so much about this
Not to mention that through everything, Mike has been the main consistent choice that El chooses on her own. Even when her dad or best friend are trying to come in between them, she ultimately realizes hey this is who I care about, back off. Even Max changed her whole tune towards them by the end of s3 when she realized she was wrong about Mike and he wasn't like her abusive brother or the men she had in her life. Same with Hopper and his over protective nature.
Mike and El should probably be graded on a curve for their emotional maturity since one has 14 years of real-world socialization and the other doesn’t.  But even so, Mike handled El lying to him in 4 extraordinarily well for a 9th grader.
But it's funny because people go into a Mike hate rant (while refusing to say its that) where they distort all his actions and words to El and essentially call him a liar and selfish.  Then go onto say it's all due to Will and they'll end up together. It's like Mike is hated when the idea of him loving El is there but not with Will.
Also hate these takes that are like "Mikeven shippers do not understand Mike" - "No, it is Byler shippers who completely misinterpret Mike's character". It is mostly general audience members who actively dislike him. Hard-core Mileven and Byler shippers just interpret some of his actions in different ways (although there are exceptions of course, but they should not be generalised)
[removed]
Wtf does that even mean, god this fandom is dumb
That’s wild, because he’s one of the MOST gay characters I’ve seen in media and the rapidly growing number of Bylers would agree with me
“as a queer person, I’ll laugh at them, lol.” Hahahaha isn’t it funny that a queer character is used to prop up a straight ship and gets rejected by his best friend in the final season after seasons of going through hell, confirming what everyone assumes: that queer love storylines can only hend in heartbreak, rejection, or death. That’s so funny, you’ve got the whole squad laughing 🤣🤣🤣
Im not sure what you mean because it WAS a slow burn. People act as if El was in a full grown mature relationship as soon as she met Mike. They had a crush on each other in season 1. In season 2, they miss one another and haven't seen each other for a year. Meanwhile Dustin and Lucas are chasing after Max during this time. That's what happens when you're about to become a teenager.   Season 3 is when Mike and El really officially became towards a a more serious relationship but relationship wise it was still kid friendly. They were smooching but nothing out of the ordinary for teenagers. Mike just told El he loves her in season 4 and it was a gradual build up and slow burn into this moment. Steve was throwing that out at Nancy in s1 while it took seasons of the ones the most crazy about each other to state this because of the impact the constant loss of each other has taken on then.  "Contrast that to Lumax, who had several heart to hearts. They don’t need a grand declaration of love to show that they are in love. Their quiet intimate moments do that." Max and Lucas had that in s4 when Max was fearing dying. Lucas followed Max all over in s2 to the point where she was annoyed and called him a stalker. They were broken up in s3 and had broken up over 8 times by then. Not sure how people can claim Mike and Eleven don't seriously love each other then use Max and Lucas to compare. Max and Lucas have a very typical high school relationship which is fine but nothing out of the ordinary. Mike and Eleven have always had a much deeper bond and it was gradually built up despite what you said   Even in s3, there was no reason for El to dump Mike. He was threatened into lying by a grown adult and her best friend filled her friend with things that weren't true because she had dumped Lucas and wanted El with her by her side for the summer.   You say the show does a lot of telling and not showing when it's the opposite. Mike and Els actions have shown their care for each other even when people have tried to break them up over and over again. They also take their feelings serious which is why Mike had such trouble expressing the extent of his care for El because he knows losing her would be catastrophic.   Mileven has great writing but not when people try to change it or make it less than.  Els choice was Mike over and over again and it was entirely independent over and over again.
So Eleven can understand her care for Max or Hopper but her feelings for Mike are too much for her too understand? Give me a break. She knows what she feels. When she threw Max off the skateboard because she felt jealousy, it was not a conscious decision. It was natural to her because she feels for Mike. El knows more than she lets on with Mike. In s1, she didnt know Mike was saying he liked her or just being friends. The kiss is what let her know that. In s3, she is acting like she doesnt know what L word mike is referencing and playing dumb yet she very well knew what he meant which is why she says she loves him too at the end of the show. You people really just do whatever you can to act like El can love everyone around her but Mike because she doesnt know how she feels.   No mike is not good at verbally expressing himself and thats been made clear through the series in his word fumbles and he knows and its part of  his awkwardness.  Just because he has some good lines or good communication here and there doesnt mean he doesnt have anxiety and issues saying what he wants. He and Nancy clearly have issues expressing romantic aspects with their words at times even when their actions say otherwise. He was able to say it later when he puts his fear aside to tell El he loves her yes but mike stays in his own head and fear and anxiety a lot of the time which is why he has trouble saying things sometimes.
It's an amusing contradiction that while Mike and El have a very unusual relationship by definition (setting aside the whole "girl has superpowers" thing, you don't expect kids this young to fall this deeply in love and basically be set up as soulmates), they arguably also have the most traditional relationship of the show, as far as depicted in fiction.  They've gone through all the typical relationship beats; the meet-cute, the first kiss, the first date, the first fight, the first "I love you" and so on.  And yes, you hit the nail on the head about why Mike's love is so important to El.  This was a girl who spent the first decade plus of her life bullied, exploited and never knowing what real love was, only the twisted version Brenner gave her. (It's telling little El had to reach back to the moment of her birth to find someone saying "I love you" to her.) And then comes this boy who takes her in, protects her, cares for her and loves her unconditionally no matter who or what she is. When she says she's the monster, his answer is an emphatic NO. He's the one who showed her that she is worthy of people caring for her and made all the other relationships she's built possible (including Hopper, the second most important, because he showed her what a true loving parent is and not Brenner's self-serving sociopathic brand).
Stranger Things is also a coming-of-age show, which romance is a big part of. It’s not just a mindless “kids fighting spooky monsters in the 80s” kinda show. It makes sense that people would be invested in ships.
What Mike and El were in season 1 and 2 can hardly be considered a full serious  relationship. They intensely cared about each other and liked each other but were like strong friends that gradually turned into a more teenager relationship dynamic further in the series. It isn't as if El was just thrown into some mature relationship overnight. Mike didn't know anything about relationships either. They grew together.
Lucas and Max didn't resolve everything. I wish people would stop comparing them. It's tiring. Why can't we just stop?
The respective fandoms wouldn't have any problems with each other if not for that obnoxious and deluded subset of Byler fandom that was so certain it would happen and promptly lost their minds once Vol. 2 happened, accusing the Duffers of "queerbaiting" and saying anyone who didn't think Byler was going to happen was being homophobic and latching onto the smallest perceived detail as proof it would happen (my favorite being Mike standing in front of an open closet door meant he was gay) while just waiving away the L-word monologue as "he didn't really mean it."  Those were the fans that poisoned the well for everyone else.  You don't see this type of vitriol between fans of other ships on the show.  It's that subset that caused the ongoing warring on social media and whatnot.  Those fans are the ones I have the most contempt for.  They're the worst kind of fans, the ones like Comic Book Guy in that one episode of "The Simpsons", feeling they're owed to have their fan fiction come to life onscreen and feeling betrayed if they don't get it.  Bart's retort in that scene is cathartic to every creative person who's had to deal with a fan like that:  "As a loyal viewer, I feel they owe me."  "What?!  They've given you thousands of hours of entertainment for free!  What do they owe you?! If anything, YOU owe THEM!"
Jopper is popular and no one hates them. Same thing with Lumax. Popularity has nothing to do with anything. And if you’re going by popularity on social media, Byler wins out on platforms like TikTok. (Besides, “popularity” is not seen as a virtue within the show so Mileven being “popular” is not the flex you think it is).
Steve and Nancy were canon. So were Bob and Joyce. So are Ted and Karen. Love triangles exist, and amount of time a ship has been canon has no bearing on whether a ship will be endgame in Stranger Things or any form of media. The narrative arc is what matters.
My exact response to this post, who gives af
ChatGPT makes good tldrs.  The author is frustrated with the way some people in the fandom hate the Mileven ship (Mike and Eleven from Stranger Things). They find it annoying that people make serious accusations about the relationship, such as abuse or manipulation. The author thinks that Mileven is just an innocent first love between two young teenagers who are constantly fighting to save the world. They also find it frustrating that people mischaracterize both characters, particularly by trying to make Eleven seem helpless or naive. The author defends Mike's character against accusations of abuse or manipulation and points out that he has shown his love for Eleven in many ways. Ultimately, the author argues that it's okay not to like the ship, but it's not necessary to make false claims or moral judgments about it.
Mike needed to feel lost in s4. They all were. El, Dustin, Lucas, Max, Will. The gang was no more and that's why things ended up bad like they did. S5 needed to be the original gang remembering who they are in order to end this. It sounds like thats exactly how the Duffers are planning it.  The traumatic events had to take a toll on them eventually. And you saw it more and more each season especially in the leader, who is Mike.
You like Byler so ofc you think that But constantly dwindling away Mike and Els affection to each other 4 seasons because you want Byler to happen is not it and thats what been going on with Mileven in the fanbase because of the desire for that ship
>they used Will’s pain as a plot device to support the couple.   No, they didn't. Will feels genuine appreciation for Mike, and could not stand to see his friend feeling worthless or unlovable, so he set the record straight and told Mike the truth about what he means to people. In doing so, he did something for his best friend, and also got some of his own feelings off his chest. That's it. Mike and El were already a couple long before Will made that speech. He helped Mike, not Mileven.   >This was used to inspire Mike to say a love speech to Eleven.  Mike's speech was a direct response to all the concerns raised by *Eleven* in his argument with her in episode 3. He addressed every single one of her issues. At no point did he use anything Will said about him during his speech to El.   You people confuse Will being there for Mike, with Will feeding Mike words. This never happened.
>I think Eleven’s character arc is all about independence  Eleven has been alone her entire life. If anything, her arc is about accepting that she is loved and that it's okay to find support. She's already independent and always has been.  This is the girl who went on a solo trip to Chicago at age 13, and then decided to return. Finding yourself is not the same as needing independence.    > mike can be somewhat overbearing yet also distant  He is neither. Mike has always listened to El and treated her like a partner. He's never tried to tell her what to do, quite the opposite, the foundation of their relationship was him listening to her and trusting that she knew what she was doing when she said she could help him find Will.   Mike struggling to express his feelings because of personal insecurity is not him being "distant." Boyfriends who call every day, write every day, visit every day, buy gifts and bring flowers are not distant.
Look, I get the whole wanting the super hero girl to be strong and independent. I do. But the series has shown El REPEATEDLEY choosing Mike when Hopper, Max, Lucas, anyone else attempt to come between them. Mike is one of her main independent choices consistently throughout the series. I just wish people would acknowledge that when they try saying she needs to be independent. She can be independent and save the world but she wants Mike with her as she does it. She has shown this over and over again. El not only wants Mike but she wants her friends and family. It seems like peoples main disregard of her independence is not acknowledging her choosing Mike.
She has spent most of the series alone. She was alone for the first Eleven years of her life. She got to be with friends for a week, and then she lived in a cabin with only her semi-absent father there for company for a year. She then got 6 months of happiness followed by more separation from the person she loves the most, isolated and bullied in a community that did not accept her.  How much more independence do you think she needs?   The purpose of El’s arc has been to find her place in the world and to find and build the family she deserves. She now has a mother, father, brothers, friends… and a love.   She is also fairly self sufficient at this point, and she very independently processed the damage done to her by Brenner. And she kicked him to the curb.  The idea that someone cannot have a supportive significant other while being their own independent person is absolutely ludicrous. And is also not consistent with … well, being human.   Mike loves her. That’s ok. Eleven loves him. That’s ok too.   Eleven doesn’t have to pitch her **romantic** love for someone to reach her best potential. 4.09 demonstrated that it’s really only with Mike’s love that she is at her best. That was the whole point.
They... they worked through their issues. Every single season. What on earth are you talking about?
Why does she have to stay single? Mike has always made her happy. She loves him and he loves her. Every time they have an argument or misunderstanding and work through it, their relationship matures, growing up with them. They always choose each other, and El is still a human being with natural feelings and desires. Just because she was socially messed up doesn't mean she doesn't want to love and be loved, or to be intimate with someone she likes and is attracted to. It's cruel to decide for her she doesn't know what's best for her when Mike very obviously throughout the show has been the best for her.
Mike and El never depended on each other and it was shown in s4 how they were apart but they could both do their own thing individually. Missing your partner is not being dependent, be serious
" There’s a reason why people tend of favor Lucas/Max. Because even though they go through their immature middle school break up phase like Mike/El, we see them genuinely opening up again and beginning to have mutual dialogue," this comparison is always so funny and terrible to use in your defense.   So because Lucas and Max had a conversation in s4, they are better equipped with each other? LOL. Max and Lucas barely even had any interaction all of s2 before getting together at the end of the series. They had a conversation in S4 about Maxs depression and that suddenly means Mike and El are a much worse couple. Max and Lucas were together most of s4 in their plot. Mike and El were completely separated once again, just like in s3. Two totally different scenarios.  This is so offensive to constantly act as if El is mentally disabled or that she doesn't know she wants Mike. You cite Max telling her she can have her own interests right after Max filled her head with non sense about Mike when she had no idea what caused Mike to lie to begin with or barely what type of person Mike was. She even backtracked her negative view of their relationship by the end of s3. People like you excuse Max, excuse Hopper, excuse their other friends, but try to give examples of why Mike isn't good for her because you dont want the ship.  El wants mike and has chosen him repeatedly, stop acting as if she is mentally disabled and doesn't know what he means to her.
THANK YOU OMFG TOOK THE WORDS OUT OF MY MOUTH
You realize mileven is underaged too, right? As is lumax? And dustin and suzie?
are you talking about the same show that made finn and millie kiss under the age of 14? lol homophobia is crazy on this sub
El is quite smart. Especially emotionally.  She just wasn’t allowed a traditional education. This is quite an ableist position. And saying she has the mental capacity of a 6 year old is just a really shitty thing to say.
Very gross and extremely ableist thing to say. She’s sixteen, not six. She’s just a girl who experienced abuse but is now in a good relationship with a boy her age and they mutually love each other.
You like Mike less than Billy? Less than Ted??
100%. Being gay is totally normal and, gay or straight, falling for a friend who doesn’t have feelings in return for you is also super common. A lot of kids watching the show have no idea what it was like back then. It’s almost cool to be gay these days, at the very least is widely much more accepted than it ever was back then. So it’s easy to sit back and say he should just come out or it’s not big deal etc etc but it was back then. And him having feelings for Mike absolutely does not mean they need to be returned or that it’s queer baiting.
>first person’s adopted sister…  this is why it will never work...no man is more off limits than your sisters current man or ex
Netflix. No need to ask for more.
You can find plenty of well-written Mike/El stories on AO3, some of which also do a great job resolving Will's crush on Mike in an emotionally intelligent way.
It's literally just you guys on Reddit.
Where did they say that?
It’s not unusual for this sort of situation to be labelled as a love triangle. Google “Les Miserables Love Triangle” and you’ll find thousands of sites talking about the love triangle between Eponine, Marius and Cosette, despite the fact Eponine’s love for Marius was unrequited and very much meets the description you just gave to El, Mike and Will.
I think Season 4 may have gotten out in front of that somewhat by being extremely blunt and decisive, which is why you saw all the backlash that OP is talking about in the weeks after it came out. There may well be another meltdown after Season 5, but it’s possible that this one was the big one.
>If you think the Bylers are crazy now, just wait until the show finishes with a Mileven ending.  My schadenfreude is going to explode.
Except the “half” part! A very small percent, but a disproportionately loud and active one on social media.
Thanks.
so??? I ship whatever I like, and as an adult woman, byler is boring to me. I never said there was canon backing to what I liked, I literally said I would NEVER insist there was canon backing… just like how mike will never reciprocate will’s feelings.
Agreed. They are literally freshman in high school, so 14, 15 at oldest. El was happy the her boyfriend was there, Will was excited his friend/crush was there, and Mike was excited to see both of them. None wanted to admit any insecurities/problems because what teenager would? It was Angela's fault the date went South, not Mike, Will, or El's.
It's hard to come across as not "mean" when typing comments about things, but when I say these people lack the critical thinking skills to differentiate the signs that are real vs. the signs that are not real, it's just so obviously the problem. I really don't mean it in an "I'm just way smarter than you, you stupid worm" kind of way. But it is true, that these people (typically Bylers in the ST community) think they have all this "evidence" when it isn't evidence, and they lash out when they're called out on it. That's the frustrating part. I have 0 qualms with anyone shipping whomever they want to, but I can't stand by and see comments  that argue "proof" of something when there just isn't any slide, and the rest of us are just dumbbells.
That "El's not ready" stuff is quite new. Every time I see it I'm perplexed. She's still a person with emotions and hormones! If Mike makes her happy, and they love each other, then there is no problem. Let the poor girl be happy for once in her life.
Fr people typing up essays on why other people should like their favorite teenage TV show couple more
I have always found it disturbing how people twist Mike's actions...and then call themselves his fans, when they are actually completely misunderstanding and vilifying the character.    Mike isn't perfect, but he very clearly cares and he does his very best to support his friends, especially El and Will. He tries to understand where he went wrong, apologizes without expecting anything in return (and more often than not, he is very much owed an apology), and is always caring and supportive. It isn't Mike's fault that two people fell in love with him, but it is very much to his credit. His only crime is being unaware of how much people value him.
There are always those ppl, but the ppl who really hate Mike (to the point where he gets more hate than Billy lmao) really don't want him with Will or El.
exactly. most mlvn haters are mike haters first and foremost who don't want him with either el or will
>It is mostly general audience members who actively dislike him.  I disagree with this. I've been a Mike fan for years, and I can tell you in no uncertain terms that hate very much comes from the fandom and has a lot to do with the increase in shipping the character. It's not a general audience thing.
[removed]
>That’s wild, because he’s one of the MOST gay characters I’ve seen in media  Really? The boy that has spent 4 seasons obsessing over, kissing, professing his love for a girl is one the MOST gay characters you’ve seen in media?  Ok then.
the most gay in your made up head thoughts. Not in the show.
He's not a prop for a straight pairing.  His story is coming to terms with himself.  Accepting himself.  And to me that is going to be very powerful.  This isn't being done to feed Mike/Eleven.  His unrequited feelings for Mike are being done to feed his individual character growth.
Explain to me how it was a  slow burn? If it was a slow burn they wouldn’t have even gotten together until s4. They kissed in the first season, which usually implies that the relationship is romantic and as an audience we should be viewing it in a romantic light. This is the opposite of a slow burn. Slow burns it takes years for the leads to get together. El had literally escaped from a lab in the first season and knew nothing about society. They should have developed her social awareness skills and made her aware of what a romantic relationship or even a “boyfriend” is before putting her in a relationship. The fact that she didn’t know the difference between a brother and a boyfriend.   Dustin, Lucas and Max weren’t raised in a lab and have been fully integrated within society. They all know what a romantic relationship is and what one would entail. It’s not a comparable situation at all. Max is headstrong and broke up with Lucas when she wasn’t happy. All three characters are socially developed. She had to tell El explicitly that breaking up is an option.   Lucas and Max were super unserious in s3 which shows how comfortable their relationship is and their bond is strong despite the numerous breakups. Lucas was making fun of Max’s zit. That’s such a small scene that shows how much love there is there. Yes, they are a typical Hs relationship which is how it should be at that age. Then in s4, the show further developed their emotional connection and strengthened their bond.   Yeah, it was a gradual build up to Mike saying I love you and they handled the whole thing terribly. They should have had him say it in a super quiet intimate moment, not in a huge climactic pivotal scene of the show. They cut to Will several times during that monologue and had him say “you’re the heart” for Mike to even say it. I get he’s a scared teenage boy but it’s ridiculous that he needed THAT much encouragement when he girlfriend is dying.   I’m not saying El should have broken up with Mike, I’m saying she DIDN’T even know it was an option which is an issue. She should be aware of the social aspects of a relationship. Mike is literally the first boy she ever met and she imprinted on him super quick. Does she even know there are other options? I’m not saying she should date someone else. I’m saying they show should have developed her socially before throwing her into a relationship. Mike has way more social awareness than her and it just feels lopsided. It impacts their relationship because in s4 El doesn’t know that repeatedly lying is wrong and doesn’t see anything wrong with what she’s doing. It isn’t her fault since she wasn’t socially conditioned to know better.   The narrative does show us that El and Mike care about each other but it doesn’t show any quiet intimate moments that they have with one another that is not about Mike’s inability to say I love you or the UD. Caring about each other is not enough when you are framed by the show as “soulmates”. WHY DO MIKE AND EL love each other? It’s never answered. Lumax, Jopper and Jancy all have these quiet intimate moments where it’s explicit shown why they are together.   People are allowed to dislike the writing and criticize the pairing. I’m not twisting anything. It’s my opinion and my interpretation of the writing.  Mileven is tainted for me regardless because they really messed up a queer character’s arc for the sake of this pairing and maybe I’m biased but I’m still pissed about it.
>So Eleven can understand her care for Max or Hopper but her feelings for Mike are too much for her too understand?  Yes. People can understand emotions for one person while misunderstanding their emotions for another. that's just how humans work.  >When she threw Max off the skateboard because she felt jealousy, it was not a conscious decision. It was natural to her because she feels for Mike.  don't you think the fact that she was jealous of max just bc mike was being vaguely friendly to her and helping her when she fell is an indicator that she doesn't totally see what makes interactions btwn boys and girls romantic and what makes them platonic?  >In s3, she is acting like she doesnt know what L word mike is referencing and playing dumb yet she very well knew what he meant which is why she says she loves him too at the end of the show.  just bc she heard him say he loves her doesn't mean she knew what he was trying to say with "it makes you crazy".  >You people really just do whatever you can to act like El can love everyone around her but Mike because she doesnt know how she feels.  yes, bc mike is the one person who she believes she loves romantically as opposed to platonically. you can understand one emotion while not understanding another.  if it makes you feel better, i also think that el doesn't understand that she has romantic feelings for max.  >Just because he has some good lines or good communication here and there doesnt mean he doesnt have anxiety and issues saying what he wants.  you are using a couple scenes here and there of mike stumbling over his words about el as proof that he has issues verbally expressing his emotions, but the many, many times in the series when he is able to directly and clearly state his emotions isn't proof that he's good at talking about his emotions?  when mike stumbles over his words, it's because he's *lying*. like when he's confronted by el at the mall or when he denies that he never say ILY in s4.  mike is one of the most verbally eloquent characters in this show, i wish people wouldn't remove that part of his character just for the sake of a ship.
Precisely! You said it all. They have a dynamic based on mutual understanding, love and care. Heavy on the understanding because two of Mike and El’s most impactful scenes is them attempting to reach a consensus on their understanding. In S1 in the forest and S4 in El’s room. “I understand” versus “What don’t I understand”. They have progressed so much  together because of their desire to continually want to be together. I think they’re such a beautiful dynamic in fiction and I hope they can get proper love by a re-examining of this fandom sometime in the future. They’re not done justice for how great their arcs have been.
Never said it didn't make sense, only that it's overrated. Implying the show is "mindless" without shipping doesn't make any sense though.
I agree to an extent, but from the moment they kissed onward they were basically in a committed relationship imo. I don't think it was fully fledged, but i do think it was a mistake to have them kiss in s1. it would've hit so much harder if it was an actual slowburn. I think the writers were just worried they wouldn't get a 2nd season, so they didn't want to have all 3 of their main couples (mileven, jancy, and jopper) to all not be together by the end of s1.  yes, Mike is about as clueless about relationships as you can expect any 12 year old boy to be, but eleven has literally never seen a romantic relationship. Mike has over a decade of seeing movies, tv shows, reading books, talking to people in relationships, LIVING with people in relationships to understand the basics of what it entails. eleven had none of that. like other people have pointed out, she asked if mike would be her brother  before he kissed her.   I don't hate mileven, I just think their unfortunate timeline was a result of the duffers being worried about the longevity of their show. that also why I think in S3 and 4 mileven spends basically the whole season fighting or broken up, because the writers rushed into it and having them just be a happy couple for the other 3 seasons would be boring
Because they did? The only issues they had in the show were with Max wanting to be a part of the party and Lucas trying to explain to Max why Mike is so closed off to her, tiny arguments in 3 that get resolved each time, and in 4 how they were able to start communicating effectively and be on the same page. I only compare the two to show that it disproves the claim that teenagers can’t have healthy relationships because Max and Lucas absolutely do.
The queerbaiting nonsense had me rolling. imo if they don’t learn from Vol.2, a huge disappointment for them and a even bigger one awaits that is season 5, this will not be the last franchise they furiously accuse of queerbaiting.
and you referring to the popularity of byler as a whole of the fanbase on laughable apps composed primarily of gen z like Tiktok or tumblr isn't the flex you think it is.
I agree with you. I’m basing my opinion off of what I’ve seen in the fandom.
Well said. One of my favourite things about the monologue was how perfectly Mike addressed what El had been so desperately needing to hear. It touched on the same issues they had earlier in the season during the fight in her bedroom.  Even with the superhero line; back in her bedroom he called her a superhero, but now he was calling her his superhero.
Yes, the van scene was him confessing his feelings under the guise of Eleven. The creators even confirmed this.
i get that too and can agree with all of what you said. However, a lot of Eleven’s arc is figuring out how to escape the psychological shit that Brenner put her through. Part of this process is learning who she is outside of her past, and who she is now. She achieves this in every season - like you said about her going on a solo trip to chicago, that’s a really big step for her because she’s gaining independence from Hopper.   maybe independence is the wrong word, i think maybe it’s freedom. She was under Brenner’s control in her childhood. she gains freedom, but then Hopper (who i love) did in fact isolate her and restrict her heavily, essentially putting her under house arrest. She starts having more freedom in season 3, but still not a lot, she isn’t going to school but she’s allowed to have people over and make friends and gain the confidence to break up with Mike (but still going back to him, which is a very cute scene), but she still has a lot of freedom curtailed.   She’s more free in s4 because she has a new identity she can use in a new place free from Hawkins. I’m excited to see what happens now that Hopper is alive and Eleven isn’t bound up in the grieving process.   Mike is very caring, but i mostly disagree with you on your other descriptions. He is overbearing during season 3, and doesn’t trust her. He’s right that people are using her powers irresponsibly, but he’s also wrong for assuming he knows what’s best for her. He’s also a bit selfish - Eleven knows that she’s risking her life, and has the responsibility and empathy to be okay with it, and that should be enough for mike to trust her.   he is distant in season 4 - he writes her letters, but he’s distant with his feelings and Eleven wants him to express his feelings to her but he doesn’t, until it totally counts. that’s not a very supportive attitude. he’s also really distant to will, he never sends will a letter and will is eleven’s adoptive brother at that point. mike isn’t good at communicating to people who matter to him, and i know personally i wouldn’t be happy with mike if i was in El’s shoes. of course Eleven could have told him she was having a hard time (and will could have reached out to mike too), but we don’t have any evidence that mike was being very supportive anyways if eleven was lying to him. he’s doing the push-and-pull of displaying affection, and i don’t think that dynamic of El wanting more affection and depth vs Mike not knowing how is sustainable. I gotta say though, i admire how non-jealous mike is. that’s a major green flag.   it will work out if Mike has some serious character growth and matures more, but i’d like eleven to be single and exploring the world while having support but not needing to be in a relationship while doing so. she is her own person and not every breakup is an unhappy ending.
No. They never once addressed their time separately in season 2, and how they’ve been affected by it to each other. And not “I missed you” “counted all the days.” No. How traumatic and scary it was for them, and how it affected their relationship. They never discussed that. They never once addressed the fact that in season 3, they were incredibly dependent upon each other, and all they did (even HOPPER said this,) was kiss nonstop. They never addressed their friends’ feelings about their relationship and how Max felt about Mike not trusting that El can take care of herself. They never address why Mike never kissed El back in the season three finale. And in season four, Mike’s monologue still doesn’t make up for El’s feelings about how he loves her for her powers, NOT for who she is, and also the fact that Will had to even convince Mike to do that. Again I know they’re kids, but even Max and Lucas and Dustin and Suzie have healthier relationships, and Max and Lucas actually TALKED about their problems (Lucas admitting that he couldn’t see Max was suffering alone in season 4, and being there for her and willing to be better.) And they never FULLY RESOLVED these issues with their relationship, how they feel, and the others.  So no, I disagree.
Because she has no knowledge of the world and is not emotionally ready for a relationship, Maybe in the future they could get back together but El needs to find herself first
I’m not saying that simply missing your partner is co-dependancy, and they improve a lot in later seasons. I’m talking primarily about season 2, where Mike kinda withdraws for the entire year she’s ‘missing’ and lashes out at anyone who isn’t Will. A lot of it is because they’re kids, but still.
Max and Lucas have many scenes where they open up to each other throughout the show, especially in S2 regarding Max’s abusive relationship with her brother and part of their arc as a couple this past season was learning to see each other again as oppose to Mike and El who were as you said, completely separated and had not one mutual heart to heart where both parties could speak. Those “totally different sceneries” are why a lot of people dislike Mike/El’s development as a couple. Me saying “the difference in writing between these couples is why people don’t like them” and you saying “it’s not fair to compare them because the writing is different” is just a circular argument.  I also never called El mentally disabled, so I’m not sure what you’re arguing about. They do make the comparison to her experience in the lab as someone recovering from a stroke, hence the speech delay, but my primary concern was moreso the lack of socialization and abuse that occurred. I said that a young child being released from a lab and immediately engaging in a relationship is not healthy.  “…right after Max filled her head with nonsense about Mike.”  So you admit that El struggled not to be swayed by others opinions because she hadn’t had time to explore her own independence?   “People like you…” It seems like you’re anticipating my arguments rather than actually responding to the content of what I’m saying.  At the end of the day, I’ve listed several reasons as to why people don’t like them as a couple, including myself. You’re also welcome to like them as a couple. It doesn’t affect my day.
As a Byler I completely agree that this comment is ableist and gross
"What did I do?"      "Hey! What did I dooooo?!?"
LESS THAN DR BRENNER?!?
Meh. Ted is nowhere near as bad as Billy is.
Yes 😂  I mean, I love Ted. And I felt bad for Billy. Mike is just annoying to me, mostly. I do appreciate his devotion, though. He never gives up on her. Shipping him with Will is a disservice to both.
Bro Ted is the best, he does nothing and it’s great, Billy is a dick for a reason but Mike is just a dick for no reason.
A hot tub 🤣🤣🤣. Yes please
Yeah, the reunion in ST2, and everything culminating in El closing the gate, and Mike knowing it when the headlights shine brightly... wrecked me.  Finn's acting is particularly good in those two episodes, especially when he punches and pushes Harbour lol
Honestly I have no problem with one ship gaining more fans than another. But gotta give it to bylers, they are committed. Whether it’s messing with the poll or selling the wildest deduction of whatever was on screen they think can be made use of.
Upvote upvote upvove!!!!
>up until season 4 NEVER saw any romantic chemistry between Mike and Will.   OK and don't you think the people who did get it earlier, are maybe kinda good at the prediction game or payed closer attention? You seem to say you didn't notice something other people did correctly notice and then call them bizarre for it?
This is something the show has done quite well at showing; how difficult it was to be gay in the 1980s, especially a small town in the heartland.  We have 2 gay main characters on the show and they are both very afraid about being open about who they are.  The more outspoken and outgoing Robin is only out to her best friend Steve (who she was openly terrified to come out to in S3), is afraid to make a move as of yet with her crush Vicky and makes it clear to Steve that if she comes out to the wrong person, she's a town pariah.  Meanwhile, Will, whose picture could be next to the term "shrinking violet" in the dictionary, is deep in the closet and doesn't dare say anything about his feelings to his crush Mike, because (a) he knows they aren't reciprocated and (b) he's afraid he'll wreck his relationships with both Mike *and* El if he tells them.  Which is why Jonathan's unspoken acceptance of Will in the S4 finale is so big for Will; it's his first step to being able to come out and be his true self to those closest to him.  A lot of younger viewers are seeing these characters through the prism of modern views on gays and that is just not accurate.  The 80s were a rough time to be gay and the show doesn't flinch at showing that.  This goes to the viewpoints of other characters as well.  There's been some irrational attacks on Mike for not realizing Will's feelings for him when the Duffers and Finn Wolfhard have all said that Mike has no clue about Will's orientation or unrequited crush.  And why would a teenage boy in small-town Indiana in the 80s be even aware of such a thing?  Especially when Willl keeps it so hidden?  Yes, Will is subjected to anti-gay slurs, but that's a common insult at that age, especially to someone like Will who likes art and other things considered "un-manly" by mongoloids like Troy and Lonnie.  Even Mike's comment of "It's not my fault you don't like girls" is more of a "you're immature" line (although Mike quickly realizes it could be viewed as another slur).
I’m a bi woman and seeing how Bylers talk is just such an unhealthy way for young gay guys to think about crushes… Like they think it’s homophobic to depict gays with unrequited crushes, huh why TF?
>A lot of kids watching the show have no idea what it was like back then. It’s almost cool to be gay these days   This is so wrong. It has never been cool and gay kids today still deal with the same problems. None of Wills problems are unique to the 80s. Theres still many countries and cultures where it isnt even safe to be gay. And in some ways its even easier for kids to bully each now with the internet. Noah Schnapp gets a lot of disgusting comments on social media since coming out.  edit: you blocked me for this comment, nice. continue to live in ignorant bliss I guess
Really? I've gone through the Mileven tag and only found fics that broke them up or never addressed Will's crush. Sometimes I would find some Mileven fluff that makes my day but if you have any fic recs plz let me know!
That's really sad 😞
the happy sad confused podcast, it’s on spotify. they said something of the lines of “we can’t please everyone, we’re just doing what feels like the right ending, like, let’s not consult reddit” and they laugh
I understand that sentiment, but I'm sorry, I don't consider that a love triangle.  That's just unrequited loved.  For a love triangle, in my view, all parties need to have at least some chance.  Nancy, Jonathan and Steve, that is a genuine love triangle.  Even Max, Lucas and Dustin in S2 qualified as Dustin was at least in the game for a while.  Will?  He never was.  Hell, he never even got off the bench.  While Mike and El were playing, he was hiding in the locker room.
I mean yeah, half was on over embellishment but a loud minority for sure
Yeah, they're loud and 'organized', that's just not achieving anything though, as if winning a fandom poll's gonna change the narrative itself.  Honestly it would be more fun if they just enjoyed the ship without claiming the writers or other fans as homophobes, queerbaiters, 'dumb reddit dudebros', etc, all because fans do not recognize a secretive ship happening on the show.
Yes, like saying Mike took advantage of El when he was a 12 year old kid trying to help her. He was the only one NOT trying to do that. Or trying to depict their relationship as toxic when their main argument in the entire series was based around their low feelings of self worth as the result of moving away from one another (plus El losing Hopper and leaving Max), Els bullying, Mikes lifelong bullying, and Mike losing his best friend, gf, and watching friends like Lucas sort of go to other groups.
Yeah it's ridiculous how people can't see the entire picture surrounding him and just want to paint him as a bad friend or person.
The majority of Mike hate comments (at least which I see) are often like "he is a bad boyfriend to El and Will should get over his crush because he deserves somebody better than Mike". These do not really seem like pro-shipper arguments to me. Of course, there are some "Bylers" / "Milevens" who only use one of these arguments to "validate" their ship but these are exceptions and Mike haters disguised as shippers.   Mike is always the one to take initiative and always tries to show his friends that his love for them is unconditional, no matter what. El/Will are both more passive because they are afraid Mike is not going to  love them anymore if he sees them at their "worst". The difference is that both El and Will had several full-on crying breakdowns in Season 3 and Season 4 while Mike did not even cry once during these two seasons (because he feels obligated to be strong for the people he cares about the most). So while I would prefer if only happiness came along Mike's way in Season 5, I think he is definitely due for a heavy sobbing breakdown next season to finally let out all his feelings which he bottled up inside just because he wanted to be strong for other people's sake.
I don't think Mike hate comes from ships. Most people just seem to find him annoying or clueless independent of any ships and he's always been the most disliked of the main cast of kids since the beginning honestly.
[removed]
You clearly haven’t heard of queercoding, comphet, and internalized homophobia before. Not everything is about things at a face value. MANY gay people date the opposite sex before coming to terms with their sexuality. And bisexuality exists. Sexuality isn’t black and white, and dating a girl has zero bearing on whether or not a character can also be queercoded (or whether a person in real life is). So YES, based on the specific narrative, cinematography, and dialogue choices and queercoding used for Mike Wheeler’s character throughout the whole show, absolutely. AGAIN, most Bylers were convinced of Byler because of Mike’s actions, not the other way around. Which happened WHILE watching the show.
No, specifically within the show that I watched multiple times with my own eyes. What is your interpretation of the fact that a significant portion of Bylers were convinced of Mike Wheeler’s queerness BY watching the show? (Many people who hadn’t considered or heard of Byler were convinced BY watching S4 in particular). How does that square up with your perspective?
If you believe Byler is unrequited, then he literally is a prop. His thinly veiled love confession and romantic painting is what finally gave his straight best friend that he’s in love with the courage to say, “I Love You” to his superpowered girlfriend. It literally fed Mileven, and throughout all of season 4 even before the van scene, Will was constantly sacrificing his own feelings to… checks notes… prop Mileven up. The fact that you think a story arc of “coming to terms with himself” (when Will already did that a long time ago; he knows he’s gay and different) is a good and even POWERFUL arc for Will to have is CRAZY. If that’s the case (which it is not), it is dreadful for the story arcs of all three characters involved in the love triangle. (And yes, it is a love triangle). NO. Queer kids DESERVE to see a queer character get a happy ending with the boy they love for once.
I’m not reading all that but season 2 was literally the slowest of slow burns with the most satisfying ending.
I just explained how it was a slow burn. Mike and El were friends all of season 1 which besides Hopper and Joyce, is the most amount of time the characters spent together on screen before becoming a couple in later seasons. It took 2 full fledged seasons for Mike and el to become an official couple and not just a crush.   Their interactions that you describe as not having quiet moments are all the actions they felt when away for each other the bulk of the series. Whether it was Mike calling El every day in hopes she was alive to Eleven watching Mike from afar but knowing Hopper wouldn't allow her to be known and she couldn't risk putting Mike in danger again.  "Lucas and Max were super unserious in s3 which shows how comfortable their relationship is and their bond is strong despite the numerous breakups. Lucas was making fun of Max’s zit. " You mean like the opening scene of s3 when Mike and El are having a great time while Mike is singing a love song to her and making her laugh and she's covering his mouth and saying don't ever do that again? Mike and el have had scenes like that every season. Even in s4 when the tone of the series and relationship is serious, Mike is putting on pizza box glasses and trying to make El laugh in the pizza shop, where he also tries telling her he loves her before they're interrupted.  Wills character arc is not messed up for Mike and El. Gay people have crushes on straight friends all the time and a lot of the time it isn't returned. Even straight people deal with this regularly. Will was not there at all for Mike in s3 during their break up because he was jealous but in s4 he puts this aside because he knows what El means to Mike. Will was being a genuine friend. I don't know why people think that Will should not be a friend because he has feelings for Mike. If every relationship out there was dependent on if someone else liked one of the people in the relationship, no one would have one. Will acted like a friend by giving Mike encouragement of himself. Mike's feelings and words have been what he said since season 1. What changed was Mike's view of himself just like almost everyone's view of themselves in s4.   You keep asking why Mike and el love each other when the reasons don't need to be listed when they're shown and felt on screen. Why do Dustin and Suzie? Lucas and Max? Jonathan and Nancy? They all have their reasons and Mike and el are no different.  It seems like this all comes back to Will for you and it's not about Will. Mike does not need to love Will back that way just to please Wills sadness. That is not how relationships or love should be viewed even for a show
"They should have had him say it in a super quiet intimate moment, not in a huge climactic pivotal scene of the show."  He tried to do that multiple times and he kept getting interrupted.  He literally was about to in a quiet, intimate moment earlier in the same episode and got interrupted by Argyle air-dropping a pizza on them.  And if you'd paid attention at all, you'd have been aware how critical the L-word monologue was to the plot in the S4 finale, as it turns the tide against Vecna.  None of this is badly written.  You just don't like how it's written.  And yet again, you whining about Will just means you're upset how it relates to Will.  Will is not part of this.  This is Mike and El's relationship and Will doesn't factor in at all.  Not everything revolves around Will, folks.
"Yes. People can understand emotions for one person while misunderstanding their emotions for another. that's just how humans work."  The only reason you think she cant understand her feelings for Mike is because you don't want her to because you don't want her with Mike. She has shown she cares for Mike in a way she doesn't with others and there is a very obvious difference in how she views Mike compared to the other boys. Her blushing over Mike in season 3 once they get off the walkie talkies after they had spent the summer making out and being teenagers with each other is classic hormonal teenagers. She knows she likes Mike.  "don't you think the fact that she was jealous of max just bc mike was being vaguely friendly to her and helping her when she fell is an indicator that she doesn't totally see what makes interactions btwn boys and girls romantic and what makes them platonic"  No it tells me she knows nothing about Max or whether she likes Mike and that she was jealous.   "just bc she heard him say he loves her doesn't mean she knew what he was trying to say with "it makes you crazy".  She told him because she knew what he meant all along. Not because she heard him.  "when mike stumbles over his words, it's because he's lying. like when he's confronted by el at the mall or when he denies that he never say ILY in s4."  No, anxiety doesnt equate lying. Mike has stumbled over his words several times in this series and it doesnt involve lying.  ***"if it makes you feel better, i also think that el doesn't understand that she has romantic feelings for max."***  Okay. Im just going to end this exchange right here after this one because I knew this was going either towards Will or Max, or both. This is why there is such obvious skew of what actually happens with their characters. No, El doesn't like Max romantically. No, Mike doesn't like Will romantically.
The minute these characters get a little attention people have to start acting obnoxious like they have the best development ever which isn't true. There's so much recency bias because they were great for one season.
Exactly. It was very clear that Mike listened to everything she said during their argument, thought about it extensively, and came back to it with love and reassurance. Like you said, even the superhero comment was a reference to their conversation, and he essentially fixed the misunderstanding they'd previously had.   I really don't understand how anyone can say Will fed Mike the words, when this speech was very clearly *the result of Mike thinking about El's insecurities* and making sure he was setting the record straight.
Sure...to support Mike and make him see his own self worth. It was a confidence boost Mike needed, because he has low self esteem. Nothing Mike said to Eleven was based on that.
I may be misunderstanding what you’re saying, but the creators and script confirmed he spoke about both his own and El’s feelings
I find it amazing how so  many of your arguments are complete of what actually happened on the show.   1. It is true that Hopper restricted El’s freedom way too much, but here is the thing: this was 100% the consequence of her circumstances, namely the fact that the government was very much looking to recapture her and Hopper was keeping her illegally. Her restrictions had everything to do with that and NOTHING to do with her relationship with Mike. In fact, wanting to see Mike and not being able to was a restriction she faced.   2. Her antics with Max in ST3 were both reckless and irresponsible. Max was not a part of what happened in season 1 and didn’t understand El’s limits or the depth to which El was pursued by the government. El taking those risks had absolutely nothing to do with her gaining any freedom. And again - Mike had nothing to do with her restrictions.   3. El never wanted to break up with Mike. She was instigated into doing so under the guise that he would “come crawling back.” Dumping Mike has nothing to do with independence. It was a petty and childish was of resolving issues.  4. Mike never once attempts to decide anything for Eleven in ST3. He offers her and the others good and prudent advice on the fact that she is over exerting herself and the others are pushing her over her limits. He expresses concerns to the others, and tells El that she doesn’t need to take the risk to contact Billy. That is all. At no point does he try to override her, stop her from doing what she wants, or control her. As her partner, he is not only entitled to disagree with her, but he has a responsibility to do so if he sees she is taking things too far. She was, and had she listened to Mike, the meat Flayer would not have found them and El would not have lost her powers. How you see that and think “controlling” and “selfish” is beyond me. He absolutely does trust her, which is why he never insists.   5. Both Mike and El misfired with their letters in ST4 and, as a result, wound up feeding the other person’s insecurities. You are just assuming Mike is to blame for everything, but El lied to him for months and made him feel insecure about their relationship. Why you feel the need to place all the blame on Mike when he was devoted enough to write her constantly, and get on a plane with flowers to see her is beyond me. That is not being distant at all. He’s just a kid.  6. Mike has no problem supporting and communicating with the people he loves. He’s actually great and encouraging people and making them feel special, the only thing he struggles with is understanding how much he means to others. That was his only mistake, and if you feel the need to judge that…pretty harsh, if you ask me.
>even HOPPER said this  Look i'm not saying they didnt kiss non-stop but Hopper is what is called an unreliable narrator.  He's effing textbook unreliable narrator to Joyce there.  > Mike’s monologue still doesn’t make up for El’s feelings about how he loves her for her powers  Oh so you dont actually pay attention when you watch the show, I get it now thanks.
> Mike’s monologue still doesn’t make up for El’s feelings about how he loves her for her powers, NOT for who she is  Huh? He literally tells her that he loves her for exactly who she is, whether she has powers or not. What more does he have to do to convince you people?
Whaaaaat??  Edit: And to remind you, he doesn't love her for her powers. We know he doesn't and he says he doesn't, and people like you who literally make your own story up are the problem here.
She obviously is emotionally ready for a relationship since she's in one and keeps working through the trials of adolescence and all the supernatural stuff to stay with Mike, whom she loves. I mean, no teenager is necessarily emotionally ready for a serious relationship, which is why they have ups and downs. The ones that are real, and they work at it because they want to, stay together.
> Mike kinda withdraws for the entire year she’s ‘missing’ and lashes out at anyone who isn’t Will.   Mike very obviously had untreated depression in ST2, and he was 13 years old. He experienced significant trauma during the past year, and he had committed to taking care of El, but wound up watching her disappear before his eyes after saving his life. He felt guilty, and the fact that El tuned in to his calls but said nothing made him confused and wondering if he was going crazy. That's what you are choosing to hammer on?
He literally thought El was dead. A kid being depressed after losing someone is codependancy to you? lmaoo
No, no they really dont have a lot of opening up heart to hearts in the show. Max and Lucas opened up in s4 and you are acting as if Mike and El didn't when the very opposite happened. You just seem to not like how it happened. Eleven is still dealing with viewing herself as a monster but now she knows Mike has never viewed her that way and never will. Mikes monologue cleared up any issue about his emotions and ways to express them. I state that they are different scenarios because THEY ARE. There is no sense in you bringing up another couple with totally different dynamics. Max and Lucas were not dealing with the other almost dying every season and losing them UNTIL season 4, which is what happened nearly every season with Mike and El.   You didn't explicitly state shes mentally disabled. The way you described how her and how that means Mike and El is not something that should happen says enough. She didnt engage in some full blown relationship with Mike as she was released from a lab and its ridiculous to imply so. They were friends all of s1 with crushes on each other and it wasn't until season 3 they were actually a true couple beyond just kids with crushes. People act if El stepped out a lab and got married to Mike. The reason Mike just now expresses his love for El verbally instead of action wise in s4 is because it was a gradual thing to begin with. Hes always known he felt strongly but their actual relationship progressed much differently than youre saying.  "So you admit that El struggled not to be swayed by others opinions because she hadn’t had time to explore her own independence?"  Um no, what i said was Max had a bad view of boys based on her abusive brother and family and projected that onto Mike by implying hes a liar to Eleven. People believe lies all the time regardless of their independence.   "“People like you…” It seems like you’re anticipating my arguments rather than actually responding to the content of what I’m saying."  Because what youre saying is a broken record. "el needs to be independent, she needs to be alone and have growth" El wants Mike and she has shown that more than once but who cares what she independently wants, right?
Ok, that is a great scene - if only because the dinner literally crumbles around him and he has no frickin' clue haha. Plus Finn's acting is great - his frustrated disbelief at his moron of a dad is classic.
Nothing, Ted (but that’s the point).
I agree, but Billy was a better character imo, he was a good vilain and Dacre was very good as Billy
Um yeah, Billy’s reason is called “racism.”
That sounds nice can I join?
Agreed! Finn's acting was so good. That scene with Finn and David is one my faves of the season! I love when it gets mentioned :)
>gotta give it to bylers, they are committed   They need to be committed
So, so we'll put!!!!! Thank you.
Exactly! Very well put. They also seem to forgot that we as the viewers are privy to a lot more than the characters are.
Yeah the younger queer crowd seem to be very liberal with labeling things like the unrequited love stuff as homophobic and taking any criticism of queer related things as homophobia. It's silly.  I'm bi and I've been called homophobic for not liking Byler.
It’s not homophobic to depict unrequited love. What’s homophobic is using a queer characters pain to prop up a straight relationship.  Then not giving that same queer character any romantic validation.   Mike was confident enough to give that monologue because he thinks El needs him due to Will’s confession. (which she probably does but he heard those words from Will and not El)   That’s exactly what they did and I will forever be mad about it.
Oh yes. Everyone is delusional and you know better. My bad…
You need to use the advanced search function, which allows you to search for fics that have the Mike-El tag and *not* the Mike-Will tag.
[self promotion](https://archiveofourown.org/users/AbsurdNerd/profile)  I have a few one shots and an in-progress post canon fic. Mileven is my jam.
Many are slightly or fully AU - just noting this.  Author FateChica has a couple good ones - though they're quite long so be prepared to settle in! Warning that "be brave and kiss the girl" gets mired in typical tropey ff angst near the end before resolving.  "Full Circle" is intriguing.  "Eleven & Company" is short and all fluff.  "Here We Stand" is new and in progress but shows promise.
I guess it’s down to preference, but I’m just drawing your attention to the fact that media has labelled similar circumstances in this way previously.   For me, even if there is no intention for Will to “have a chance” with Mike, the way that he was inserted into Mike and Eleven’s scenes (particularly at the skate rink and during their reunion) was the exact imagery I’d expect to see in love triangle storylines.
I think they see it, they just don't care. Nowadays hating something guarantees more likes.
He definitely hasn’t been hated since the beginning and he still very much has his own fanbase. Not sure where you are getting any of this from but you are definitely wrong.
LOL dude, what hints has the show given in any way that Mike is gay? Not even a scrap of evidence to suggest this, versus Will where the show was clearly showing evidence that he was attracted to Mike. Your part of the fanbase is just coping so hard for something that doesn't even matter, who gives af about who Mike ends up with, that is in the bottom tier of things that actually matter to the narrative
Remind Me! 2 years
Nothing in this show has ever indicated Mike is gay or even struggling with same sex attraction. NOTHING! When the other boys were wanting an all boys alliance no girls allowed Mike was the one wanting to get a girlfriend because he liked El. It wasnt conformity.
Byler is literally unrequited, IN CANON. Mike loves eleven.  But that still doesn’t make him a prop, unrequited love, especially towards a close friend is something queer people occasionally know intimately. He’s a teenager, it’s part of growing up, you get heartbroken sometimes, Will not getting Mike, doesn’t mean his life is over, he’s growing up, learning about himself. Will’s queerness is part of his character, it’s not a prop.
No, it doesn't automatically make him a prop.  Not when it is a part of his own, individual character growth.  It's simply that growth hasn't been completed yet, it's saved for Season 5.  We only got a glimpse of it at the end of 4 with his brother easily accepting him for who he is.  Character journeys playing off one another doesn't make one a prop.  It's only a prop if it leads to nothing for a particular party.  And that isn't the case and isn't going to be the case with Will.  And no, Will has not come to terms with himself.  Knowing you're different and accepting it in totality are completely different things.  He's clearly not comfortable in his own skin yet and has never been this entire series.  Also, as a viewer of a tv show, no one deserves anything.  Queer, straight, or something having nothing to do with romance at all, no one is entitled to anything.  You find a piece of entertainment that intrigues you, you jump on for the ride and that's that.  If things go the way you want, great.  If they don't that's just the way it goes.
You guys don’t know what a slow burn is and it shows. Mike and El kissed in s1. There was no underlying tension before that kiss. It established their romantic relationship going forward. They were separated in s2 but that doesn’t mean that’s a slow burn. It means they are separated and if they weren’t they would have been together and romantic with each other once again. This is supported by the narrative because they kiss a second time at the snowball.   The show doesn’t really do slow burns. The only one we have that’s close to one is Jopper.
It wasn’t a slow burn because they literally kissed like 8 episodes into the show. Them having a “crush” on each other just refutes that it isn’t a slow burn. The romantic connotations were there and it’s not like both of them ignored it. There was a kiss. Then the second they get to interact in s2 they kiss again (at the snowball) so please tell me where is the slow burn. In slow burns the pairings take ages to even kiss or even realize their feelings for one another. The show itself within the monologue has painted them as “love at first sight couple” so please tell me how it’s a slow burn. They have been branded as soulmates. The thing you are arguing about isn’t even supported by the narrative. The only true slow burn on the show is Jopper.   I’m not refuting that they love each other and that Mike’s actions don’t support that, because they do. Mike calling El every day isn’t something to even celebrate as “romantic” since he was depressed and in grief. Even if it was supposed to be romantic, the problem is that El doesn’t know he did that. This is the main issue I have with their relationship. There is no shared interests and no communication. The problem is when they are together they don’t communicate with each other at all. They were both lying to each other in s4 and an I love you monologue is not going to fix all of their problems. They need to talk genuinely. Even in s3 there was tons of miscommunication between them and no genuine resolution. S3 implied that they’ve been mostly kissing while with each other mostly.   I’m not saying that mileven doesn’t have cute moments, because they do but the making out scene isn’t a good example because they were literally making out?? Can they be that unserious when that isn’t involved. It was super uncomfortable to watch anyway and I don’t even want to think about it. I block it out because they were literal children. The pizza scene was sweet and I wish we had more of that but it didn’t mean much when we knew they had this big fight that was unresolved. S4 showed that the both of them have insecurities within the relationship which NEVER get addressed btw.   The other relationships on the show aren’t framed as “soulmates” and the flagship of the show so that’s why people tend to gravitate toward those relationships more and be less harsh cause the narrative isn’t hammering to us how they are soulmates.    Hopper, Jancy and Lumax all had a solid friendship  before getting together and that’s why their interactions and bonds are way more believable. None of these couples have even said I love you and they don’t need to. You can tell from that Lumax movie date scene and from the scene Jancy is talking about one another (they actually list each other’s attributes and personality traits which Mike doesn’t do in his monologue) Mileven went from crush stage to straight up dating. They didn’t get to be normal friends before.   I don’t give a shit about byler and I don’t need Mike to reciprocate his feelings and I’ve never ever ever said that or even wanted it. I think it would be good for Will to move on and broaden his horizons. His love for Mike is holding him back and clearly causing him pain. He needs to sever the friendship and move on. It’s clear Mike and El do love each other.   “It’s realistic” love how people trot this out to defend this terrible storyline for Will but have no issues with all the other children literally being in relationships. None of the kids relationships are realistic. There is a whole unrealistic long distance relationship Dustin has with Susie. Realism only applies to the gay characters.   I’m not even mad that they did the unrequited thing at the end of the day. The problem is how painful they made it for Will and gave him no pay off romantically. They included him in EVERY mileven scene in the show. They had him in the room when Mike say’s he loves El. This was so unnecessary. A few shots I understand, but they had him involved in every single scene. They also used the painting, which was a personal piece for him that he spent time on, to encourage Mike and his relationship with El. It represents his love for Mike and him coming to terms with his own internalized homophobia. They used this piece to prop a straight relationship.  There’s no growth for him in this storyline. He already knows that Mike doesn’t love him and won’t reciprocate. Being rejected by him will just reinforce that he won’t “ever fall in love”. Yeah, he’ll get Mike’s acceptance but that’s centering his entire storyline and queerness on Mike’s acceptance of him. Everyone else on the show gets to be relationships and be in love and all Will is going to is acceptance, which the others have (regarding their sexuality).
Yeah the entitlement is where I draw the line. I understand that there are unresolved issues that fans project onto characters but it's not the show 's job to cater to them. This isn't activism or a therapy group yet the above poster has made this whole ship discussion into just that. It's not just the vitriol that's ruining this fandom for me, but people making characters and relationships somehow problematic.
But they made it revolve around Will when he's in every mlvn scene in s4 except their fight lmao. Even in the reunion scene the audience's attention is immediately drawn to Will who is literally in their midst. If they wanted the audience not to make it about Will they did a terrible job.
“Will is not a part of this” blame the writers then. They involved him in their relationship and included him in every single mileven scene on the show. No one would even be talking about Byler/Will if the writers didn’t involve him in this drama.   I agree with mileven shippers that their relationship should be about them. Fortunately, the writers didn’t do that and inserted a third character into their drama.   Even the huge climactic monologue they cut to his face and had him encourage Mike. It was unnecessary.
They were great for all their seasons wdym lol
He was responding to Mikes insecurities except he was talking about his own feelings while claiming to be talking about Eleven. He also claimed his painting was from Eleven. If they intended us to like Mike & El as a couple, all of this was completely unnecessary and they should have shown Eleven speaking for herself. Not use Will and his feelings to represent Eleven. And if we were just supposed to see him as a supportive friend, they should have just kept them platonic friends, not made him have a crush on him. So obviously this story is not just about Mike & Els relationship, and they are going to continue it in season 5 when Mike finds out the truth.
Which is another reason why Will seized this opportunity.  Since he and El feel the same way about Mike, it was basically a way for him to confess his feeling for Mike while still remaining safely in the closet.  Hell of a release for him, although it also causes him a bunch of pain since that scene's also him basically letting Mike go in that regards, accepting that he'll always love El and that he'll never reciprocate his feelings that way.  No wonder he breaks down in tears afterwards.  He's just a complete mess of competing emotions.
Attention: I’d like to report a slaying of all poster points. Damn girl, what a beat down.
Lol you don’t have to be rude to have an opinion. I’m not getting upset over this show, I’m just stating my opinion. Personally, if someone I dated for years treated me like Mike treats El and he gave me some shitty monologue that his best friend encouraged him to say, then I’d be pretty pissed because that literally is not a proper apology, and it also does not make up for it at all. But okay. Have your boyfriend’s best friend convince him to say an in the moment monologue about how much he loves you for who you are with or without powers, and not mentioning anything other than the fact that he needs you. Low standards but everyone has different standards in relationships ig. Tell me I didn’t watch a two hour finale of a show I’ve been watching since it first started because I have a different opinion than you. Clearly your logic is better lmao
Like I said - actions speak louder than words. I’m so sorry but the entire season he talks about her powers in SO MANY CONVERSATIONS. It either involves her powers or is about her powers or lack of powers. We don’t see Lucas telling Max “I LOVE YOU WITH YOUR SKATEBOARD, I LOVE YOU WITHOUT YOUR SKATEBOARD” and their entire relationship being focused on one aspect of her personality. Sorry, but that’s my interpretation. You’re entitled to your opinion, but when I analyze characters, I look at everything they do, don’t do, and say. You can form your own opinions and believe what characters will say at face value and take it for what it is, but I personally don’t enjoy that as it doesn’t engage me as much.  I also do think Mike loves her, I just don’t understand why his love is so centered around her powers. Like I’m sure he does see things in her that are also reasons he loves her, but he just never seems to articulate it satisfyingly.
Lol I’m a problem for having an opinion about a fictional tv series? K.  Edit: plus he always brings up her powers. I’m so sorry, but he never not brings it up. He can’t seem to say he loves her without bringing up her powers. Even in The Piggyback, he brings up her powers. And I’m so sorry, you can say you love someone with or without their powers and your actions say otherwise. Just my cup of tea. Plus she doesn’t seem happy with Mike by the end of 4 so…
Not just thought she was dead.  That she sacrificed herself for him.  That's gonna mess you up.
El and Mike do not speak after his monologue. A heathy relationship goes both ways. At the end of the season she rolls her eyes at him and they aren’t really speaking according to Mike. If the writers wanted their problems to be all cleared up by the monologue, they would have written it. Maybe they will write it, but until then it is what it is.  Mike and El are immediately put in a romantic light in S1. Obviously this develops more as they get older, but I’ve already explained why I don’t think any romantic situation immediately following release from a lab is healthy.  I brought up Max and Lucas to demonstrate that the writers are capable of writing a couple that comes back from their problems and addresses them in a way that is mutual, but that they didn’t with Mike and El. Hence why some people don’t like them as a couple. Maybe you still do, but others don’t 🤷🏻‍♀️
Dead meat?
The More the merrier!
I would say it's the best acting he's shown to date on the show.  All of Mike's rage, grief and worry that he's dealt with for almost a year comes rushing out of him in one cathartic explosion, leaving him a sobbing wreck at the end.  It's so much that Hopper is left shell-shocked while comforting him.
From what I’ve heard from interviews, I don’t think you have to worry about that. The Duffer Brothers were really excited for Mike to finally declare his love for El, so it’s fair to say that the relationship is a big part of the story for them too.
They won’t. They don’t care about the opinion of 12 year of kids who connect dots that aren’t there. They are professionals and there is absolutely no way they ruin the series by doing that.
Exactly, it would feel like fan service
It won't happen.  The whole point of this journey for Will is accepting who he is and overcoming not getting his first love and moving forward.  Becoming comfortable and loving who he is, that's more his story than his feelings for Mike.  That's just a means to an end.
That in particular annoys me, along with accusing the Duffers of "queerbaiting" because they aren't making Byler a canon thing.  That's not the story they're telling and they're not owed to make your fan fiction a reality.  Unrequited love is a very universal feeling and many of us, gay or straight, have had to deal with it, especially as a kid or teenager.  It's frequently the first time we've had to deal with heartbreak, which makes Will's situation very relatable.  But he's not "owed" Mike or anything.  Mike is a character in his own right, not some prize to be won.
And it can't possibly be because Will is a good friend who cares about Mike and El? What a cynical way to view this. There are criticisms to be had with the writing choices this season, but reducing this down to straight validation is toxic.
El’s not just some random straight person to Will; she’s his adopted sister FFS!
Do you understand how real life works? It’s a very realistic situation they are in that happens very often.
Thaaaaank you!!!
Long. Mileven. Fics. I could kiss you write now! :) do they address Will's crush?
Holy shit. The defensiveness that goes into downvoting you for stating a simple fact. Some people are really scared of Byler.
Not hated because he's not a villain but most people prefer the other kids to him. Dustin, lucas and Will are generally more likely to have someone say is their favorite character for different reasons. It is what it is.
Prior to Season 4 where Will’s feelings were made crystal clear to the audience, the show has given more active evidence to support Mike’s feelings towards Will than the other way around. Most people have been convinced of Byler because of Mike’s actions, not the other way around. And 99% of romantically coded moments between Mike and Will were initiated by Mike, not the other way around.
I will be messaging you in 2 years on [**2025-04-06 18:50:23 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2025-04-06%2018:50:23%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/StrangerThings/comments/12d8ull/mileven_is_an_overhated_ship/jf7xzlg/?context=3)  [**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FStrangerThings%2Fcomments%2F12d8ull%2Fmileven_is_an_overhated_ship%2Fjf7xzlg%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202025-04-06%2018%3A50%3A23%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%2012d8ull)  *****  |[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)| |-|-|-|-|
You didn’t answer my question. If “Nothing in the show has ever indicated Mike is gay or even struggling with same sex attraction,” explain to me why a significant portion of people view things differently and think otherwise BY watching the show??? There’s SO MANY things that have indicated Mike’s queerness, enough to fill libraries, essays, and PowerPoints. Clearly you don’t understanding the subtleties of comphet and internalized homophobia, nor do you understand the primary themes of the show if you think the writers presented Mike’s actions in S3 as a good thing.
I don’t think it’s ever best for a queer character’s individual growth to have an unrequited love on their best friend that’s dragged out for 5 seasons. And I specifically think that Season 4, when viewed through your interpretation, is DREADFUL for his character growth. Based on how it’s all been handled, it would be homophobic. I also think we have very different understandings of what the character arcs of Mike, Will, and El are.
Your think your opinion of a slow burn is the definition of a slow burn and it shows.
because they kissed 8 eps into the show. Come on i have laid smooches on my grandmother more of a kiss than that. It was a peck and the most innocent type of peck you could imagine. It was Mikes way of trying to explain what he couldnt because he has trouble with his words. You keep  mentioning kisses as forms of how it wasnt a slow burn but why do Dustin and Lucas get to have little interaction with their gfs and their relationships are fine but not Mikes? Mike spent all of s1 together where as lucas & max that you indicate was built up had barely interacted in s2 and had a bigger kiss at the end of s2 than Mike and Els little kiss in s1. I just dont think kisses are good indications of where a couple stands. John and Nancy went from no kisses to having sex.  "Mike calling El every day isn’t something to even celebrate as “romantic” since he was depressed and in grief. Even if it was supposed to be romantic, the problem is that El doesn’t know he did that. This is the main issue I have with their relationship"  What do you mean? El recited the exact amount of days Mike called her as soon as he mentioned it. She knew and she was present even though he couldn't see her many of the times. Mike was in grief but his actions of calling her were because he was worried about her and cared for her, romance aside.  "The problem is when they are together they don’t communicate with each other at all." Mike did try to communicate with El in the bedroom discussion scene regarding all of this. El was so lost without hopper, max, mike and being bullied that she was in such a pit that she couldnt open up to Mike. Well, she did really. She felt like a monster. She was embarrassed by this and she feared Mike seeing her differently so she hid her bullying even though Mike embraced her since the beginning. Its normal what she was feeling. And what he was feeling. Both are valid. They have plenty of time to discuss things further. Mikes monologue did address things. It addressed the root cause of his fear of saying his I love you and its because he is aware of how deep his feelings are for eleven and what she means to him. There is a high risk for El dying given what theyve gone through & mike knows it.  "I’m not saying that mileven doesn’t have cute moments, because they do but the making out scene isn’t a good example because they were literally making out?? Can they be that unserious when that isn’t involved."  The part of mike singing to el and her laughing and being embarrassed cant be cute because they were just kissing a few minutes before? Im sorry but thats not a good argument and doesnt make sense. Yes they can be unserious and have shown it it several times. All they were trying to do in season 3 is goof off and have fun alone and people came in between it.  "Hopper, Jancy and Lumax all had a solid friendship before getting together"  But that isnt true?? Max and Lucas barely had any interaction in s2 and Max was annoyed with him most of that time. They kissed at the end of s2 even though they barely interacted then went onto break up and get back together then break up. So how did they have a solid friendship before hand? Nancy and Jon were crushing on each other while Nancy was in a full fledge relationship. Hopper and Joyce knew each other since high school so yea that makes sense for them but young teenagers are not going to share the same trait.  "They also used the painting, which was a personal piece for him that he spent on to encourage Mike and El’s relationship. It represents his love for Mike and him coming to terms with his own internalized homophobia. They used this piece to prop a straight relationship. It’s gross.**"**  Wills painting was his entire friend group and Mike leading them because Mike had forgotten what he meant to his friends and group and was under valuing himself and the group hadn't worked since this. THAT is the significant of Wills painting. Mikes confidence regained is why Mike had the strength to tell El what he had been wanting to tell her. Will acted as a friend should when their friend is in a self hating deprecating state. Its completely what a friend should do.  "There’s no growth for him in this storyline. He already knows that Mike doesn’t love him and won’t reciprocate."  There is plenty of growth because being gay is not just who Will is. Its a part of who he is. The center of this show is Wills connection to the upside down. Being gay is not his central focus. Ya will is going to get his acceptance but he will also learn that Mike is not the only person out there who will accept him and that is his growth and problem. His growth will grow beyond just thinking of Mike. He thinks other than Mike, noone will accept hes different when theres plenty of other guys closeted in the 80s or general people who just feel different. Mike has been Wills safe place since child hood and that is going to change as it should. Will is going to have his friends, learn the significance of his connection to the upside down, learn there are others like him out there, and move passed what happened to him. Its much bigger than just saying oh he doesnt get mike so now theres no growth for him here.  It is clear you will still feel this way about Mike and El regardless based on your view of Will alone and his part in the story regardless of how s5 goes so this will be my last long comment i suppose. Wills character is not there to just exhibit pain from Mike and El. Will isnt a prop to them. He grew with his view of El from a stupid girl to caring about her as a sister and he has grown with Mike and his friendship with realizing that they will always be best friends but there is a different dynamic than when they were kids. Things are changing and Will is finally accepting this.
Let's not act like these other ships are couple goals either. None of the ships are perfect. You just don't like Mileven and choose to instead pathologize them as problematic because of your own hangups.   You can have criticism but you act like the showrunners are going out of their way to be cruel which isn't the case.   You don't like the ship which is fine. But to be snobby about how supposedly superior the other ships are, when they have problems as well, is disingenuous.  Again the way you engage with a core part of the show is toxic.
>the audience's attention is immediately drawn to Will who is literally in their midst.  Will, who is very clearly smiling and not looking the least bit upset at seeing El with Mike, but just relieved that she is alive.
You are allowed to like them. They're not the perfect ship though. None of them are. I have issues with Mileven. I've never claimed them to be perfect and never will. I wish people would do the same with Lumax.
>he was talking about his own feelings while claiming to be talking about Eleven.  The Duffers themselves have said that Will was relating to El, and so he was talking about both her and Will's feelings.  >they should have shown Eleven speaking for herself.  Eleven did speak for herself, and Mike used what she said and addressed it in his monologue.  Again, the van scene *is meant to be Will supporting Mike.* It is him appreciating who Mike is as a person. It is also making clear both that Will has feelings for Mike, and that he realizes that Mike does not return those feelings.  You can sympathize for Will, while also acknowledging that Mike is not at fault for not returning his feelings, and that El and Mike love each other and deserve to be together. Those things are not mutually exclusive. Mike cares about Will as a friend, and is not to blame for not loving Will the way Will would like to be loved. You cannot force that to happen. El and Mike happen to love each other and want to be together - it has worked out for them and that is okay. Will is 15 years old and has plenty of time to find someone who is in love with him.
I don't understand why this is so hard for people on this sub to accept.
You’re right! And I’m shocked people missed this realization by Will and the fact that he was giving Mike and El space after that scene.
yup really got shafted here 🥲🥲
> Plus she doesn’t seem happy with Mike by the end of 4 so…  She doesnt seem happy because she thinks Max died.
You're the problem because you misconstrue the truth of the show. That is the problem. I guess it is actually your opinion, but it just isn't true so it's difficult to see how it's not just false information vs your opinion.
Agreed!
Immediately after he promised her she’d be OK and was about to have a safe home too.
Don't speak for others in the fandom, you stuck up snob. That's impolite. Just enjoy your ship without belittling another. There's no reason for you to act snobby about it. YOU don't like it. Fine. But you don't get to speak on behalf of the fandom so just stop with your self-righteousness about healthy couple this healthy couple that. This is a show. Not a therapy group. People like you are ruining this fandom and enjoyment of the characters by turning it into a therapy group. Just stop. It's obnoxious. In this discussion, it appears you've enjoyed rubbing it in people's faces that others and you don't like Mileven and Lumax is better and how dare us even appreciate the former because it can't even compete so we just need to bow down and worship the latter.  &#x200B;  I am so, so tired of the recency bias around Lumax! They had ONE good relationship arc. ONE. That doesn't make them the pinnacle of the ST ships.
I agree. Finn got his biggest workload in 1 and it was very important to the show’s success for him to do a great job as Mike. But his best work absolutely came in his smaller role in 2.
Same.  The duffers are not like RAS of Riverdale who totally writes to please ships.
This is so well said. Sometimes you'll like someone, and guess what? They won't like you back. It doesn't make you homophobic or a bad person. You're allowed to be straight, just like you're allowed to be bi, gay, etcc!      I had a girl in uni suggest I was homophobic because I didn't want to try dating women. Like in what world does that make any sense? Anyways, it's completely normal to get rejected. And if you're going to freak out over that, you're the one with an issue.
Liberal: Giving freely; generous. Large or plentiful; ample; abundant.  As in the younger queer crowd freely throw around an abundant amount of homophobia accusations, a lot of which are unfounded.
He is a good friend who does care about them and that’s why he sacrificed his own feelings for the sake of their relationship. Doesn’t mean I have to like this writing choice.   “Reducing this down to straight validation is toxic” ??? I am sorry that as a queer person I’m upset at the way they are writing one of the few queer characters on the show.   This sentence is crazy. You are calling me toxic over a fictional show. It’s not that serious. I don’t think I’ve personally insulted anyone.
Of course 😉
I can't remember the specific details, but FateChica's AUs where they're older usually do. Not a focal point but it's mentioned
tbh I don’t even see how this really matters either way whether anyone thinks this is called a love triangle or not. people can call it whatever they’re want, it’s just semantics at this point. like no offense to anyone on this thread of comments but this whole debate of whether to call it a love triangle or not is literally so dumb 🤦🏻‍♀️
lmao i didnt answer the question because theres no question. Why did  Jim Jones have thousands of followers believing he made sense? who knows, it doesn't mean it makes sense any where other than your head. Nothing about Mike is indicating internal homophobia or comphet or any of that. Dont feed me that. Mike didnt get with El to fit in. Quit lying to me and yourself. And get help
You are so delusional that it hurts… holy shit.
Mike not returning Will’s feelings does not equal homophobia, be serious now.  People like are you are why shippers get dogged on, for real. You all convince yourself there’s something between two characters when it’s nothing but you looking through shipping glasses, lol.
I can't possibly fathom how the show's handling of Will is homophobic.  That's an incredible reach.  And I couldn't disagree more it was dreadful.  His way of expressing his love for Mike has already led to one major scene in which his brother subtly tells him that he knows Will is gay, and that he loves him absolutely unconditionally.  That's big and that scene was beautiful.
And very pedantic as well. It's annoying.
On top of that, don’t forget that ST1 was meant to be a standalone series. Mike and El were gradually taken from strangers to allies to friends to first crushes to a kiss and a devastating ending. At least for me, it took until the finale for me to realize that I should have been rooting for them to get together all along.
Comparing a kiss that was clearly framed as romantic in the show to a kiss with your grandmother is so disingenuous. It’s evident that the writers were setting up Mike/El with that kiss and wanted the audience to root for them. It doesn’t even matter that it was a peck, it shouldn’t have happened anyway. El literally ran away from a lab and didn’t even know what kissing was until Mike kissed her. They should have spent a whole season or two having El socially integrate and learn that her feelings for Mike were different from her other friends and have them kiss in early s/4 or the last few episodes of s3.   It’s not about the kisses anyway. Lumax and Jancy kisses aren’t comparable. Both parties are aware of what a kiss means. Mileven can’t be compared to any of the other couples on the show cause El didn’t have a normal childhood and there is an inherent social imbalance between her and Mike. I’m not saying that El can’t be in a relationship and should be alone, what I’m saying is that the writers should have showed her learning about the world and different relationships before putting her and Mike together. It would have been way more satisfying for her to slowly realize that her feelings for Mike weren’t platonic and more on the romantic side. Would have enjoyed a storyline like that way more.   I’m not debating the both of them counting the days down. It was an unfortunate situation for both of them, and definitely can be seen as romantic but to me it’s more indicative of their mental state at that moment.   “Tried to communicate” the key word is TRIED. He tried and he failed. He upset El during their entire argument and ended up making things worse. He was dismissive of her bullying and made it seem like she was the bad guy for what she did to Angela. She was so mad that she left him a passive aggressive note behind. El also wasn’t communicating with Mike well and constantly lied to him. I give El a pass on a lot of this since she wasn’t socialized the way Mike was and isn’t aware of the mechanics of a relationship. All she knows of relationships is what she learned from TV. That’s the crux of their issue in s4. The lack of communication on both of their ends.   The monologue addresses why Mike was unable to say I love you to her, but doesn’t fix any of their other miscommunication issues this season. Doesn’t bring up how insecure Mike feels in the relationship and how he’s terrified of losing El and not feeling needed by her. Doesn’t address why El felt the need to lie to Mike in the first place and act like she had new friends. These are important facets of their relationship that need to be addressed, especially since that monologue essentially confirmed their endgame status and the “love at first sight” romance.   Max and Lucas do have a solid friendship. It’s evidenced by the fact that they were still hanging out and having fun together even while broken up in s3. They had no issues hanging out with each other. In season 2, the writers built up their relationship and created a genuine bond between them before their kiss. Lucas and Max both got vulnerable with each other and opened up to one another about their insecurities in that scene in the junkyard. The bond they had and the chemistry was palpable. That’s why their kiss in the snowball was satisfying because the writers established such a strong bond in a short amount of time. Mike and El haven’t had ONE moment like that across four seasons. I can’t think of a time where they had a genuine conversation that was vulnerable and emotional. The closest one is their reunion in s2 but even that was just facial expressions and not genuine communication.  Nancy and Jonathan maybe weren’t the best example since they writers decided to torpedo their relationship in s4. They are also having major communication issues in s4. Also, they are teenagers and are not children so their relationship dynamic is going to be obviously different. I still think they were friends for majority of s2 before the kiss. Wasn’t a long period, but it was still there.  Mileven is not comparable to ANY ship on the show for the pure simple fact that the show has framed them as soulmates and “love at first sight”. No other couple on the show has that narrative. I personally am not a fan of love at first sight couples, so mileven isn’t my cup of tea, but I went into s4 genuinely rooting for them. The writing did them no favors and I was actually sad how badly they handled their flagship couple. It’s not like I was rooting for them to fail. I genuinely wanted to like them.   As an El fan primarily, I also didn’t like that her feelings were told to Mike through Will and not directly by her. This is the worst possible way to propel a love confession. Before this, Mike was feeling super insecure and even the script confirmed he thought that El was done with him. Will’s word encouraged him and made him realize that El does need him. Will was talking about both of them in that van scene, and though I maintain parts of that weren’t applicable to El, if the show ends up confirming all of its true on El’s end, it’s a disservice to both her and Will’s character. She should be able to express herself directly to her boyfriend and not through a third party and Will shouldn’t have to disguise his feelings to encourage Mike and El’s relationship.   Respect your opinion but I’m just not a fan of their relationship in general and they have one of my least favorite tropes ever (soulmate/love at first sight)
This is the second time you’ve called me toxic and I really don’t appreciate it. All over a fictional show and relationship.   All I want is proper LGBT representation and I’m being called toxic for pointing out how damaging the writing was for Will to watch as a queer person.   Good day. This will be my last time responding.
i know but my point was that people here complain they do everything mlvn about Will but it's not the audience's fault he's inserted into almost every scene of them in this season to the point of being ridiculous sometimes.
I also never said Lucas and Max were perfect. I said they had a HEALTHY relationship. Two totally different things.
What is your problem, seriously? Why do you people have to argue with everyone over opinions? Just accept that some people find this to be a shit love story and dont like it.
Lmao okay so why did she look at Will and Mike in a displeased way at the cabin? If she was solely upset about Max, she wouldn’t have looked at them at all.  Edit: plus El wasn’t even thinking about Max until she found the coke bottle they used in 3 under her bed while cleaning her room. So I disagree. Her tearing up about Max seems like it’s about Max vs. giving Will and Mike a side eye. Which she is more than entitled to do in my opinion.
Why am I a problem for interpreting a show? I never said it was fact, I’m stating my opinion. I never once claimed it was true, and I’m so sorry but you guys are being incredibly disrespectful. You can disagree with someone without being rude to them. I have never seen so many people be so blatantly rude over an OPINION on a TV SHOW. Literally if you disagree either ignore it or say so without being rude. I don’t understand the disrespect just because I have an opinion you don’t share. There is no need to be this rude.
I said that as an opinion lol. Think of ONE scene in season four where he talks to her without a SINGLE mention of her powers. Please by all means show me. I’ll happily look at it.  Also calling me a PROBLEM isn’t rude? Did I call you a problem and call your opinion “spreading misinformation”? Because NOWHERE did I say that my opinion was canon. So yes, you were rude. Don’t act all high and mighty when you literally are coming at me for my opinion. And don’t think I’m not above calling you out on your disrespect.  Also it’s fine that you think that. It really is. You don’t see me calling you a problem or saying that you’re spreading misinformation about an OPINION you have on a TV SHOW.  (I saw your original comment. Delete it if you want but I saw it, and it was incredibly rude.)  Edit: There WERE scenes in season four where he doesn’t mention her powers. But it’s still something from their argument forward that he hyperfocuses on.
Oh right, "we'll go to the snow ball, you can take my room i'll sleep in the basement" <she dies> yeah thats gonna mess you up
It’s an objective fact that some people in the fandom don’t like the ship for the reasons I’ve listed. Look at the comments and you’ll see people saying similar things that I’ve said. Not sure how it’s self righteous to say that my perspective is that a child who was kidnapped and abused in a lab immediately engaging in a romantic relationship is unhealthy. And I think it’s a rather fair statement to say that a healthy relationship requires both parties communicating.  *edit since you added more: I’m not rubbing anything in anyone’s face. This post made broad generalizations and mischaracterized certain arguments, and I responded to counter those lol  Ultimately, Fandom is what you make it. You chose to get on this post and engage with my perspective. You can also chose not to enter into a space that might critique something you like lol
Yeah the monologue was incredible. I saw it coming after volume 1, but it was even more emphatic than I expected. Bit of a shame that some people call Mike a liar for it, but you can’t please everyone I guess 🤷‍♂️
I bet everything I own on it. I work in the film industry and it’s just not how it works. Fan servicing is definitely a thing but no writer/director/working film professional is going to change up something that drastically when they’ve spent their whole life believing in the story and how they want to tell it. It just wouldn’t make sense.
The “nice gay friend” who is there to support the main straight characters and their relationships, and gay characters sacrificing themselves in some way for straight characters, are old tropes. You aren’t being toxic by disliking it, many LGBT fans said similar things after season 4 ended.
Hold on. What is your ao3?
Any other recs? Thanks.
Lmao, you’re comparing Bylers shipping a harmless fictional ship between two childhood best friends that is half-canon with… checks notes… JIM FUCKING JONES?!?! I’ve been called a lot of things recently, but that is next level stuff. Surely you see that???! (also, are you queer? If not, then you have no grounds to say “nothing about mike is indicating internalized homophobia or comphet” when you have no experience with or understanding of either and many queer people are telling you, “Um, actually you’re wrong. He does exhibit those traits because I’ve experienced them myself.”) I would never be insane enough to compare Mileven to cult leaders or to hate groups or to any of the insane things I’ve seen Byler compared to. The level of arrogance to think you alone are sane and collectively ALL the millions of Bylers must be functionally in a cult cause there’s no way intelligent people can watch the show and come to different conclusions. YOU’RE the one who needs help. Not for shipping Mileven which is ultimately harmless. It’s fiction. But for being insane.
Glass houses and all that. But be fr, “delusional” is a word y’all have all clung to (I’m not sure why this word in particular is what stuck) and use against Bylers because you simply refuse to engage with the show’s cinematography, narrative themes, or any of the concrete objective things that are true IN THE SHOW. Because it’s easier to take things at a face-value, surface-level instead of admitting that you’re wrong. The word “delusional” makes you feel smug and self-assured but that will not be the case when we all watch S5 in two years.
How am I looking through shipping glasses if I became a shipper by watching the show, not the other way around? “Mike not returning Will’s feelings does not equal homophobia.” You’re being purposely obtuse. I never said it, by itself, did. I said the WAY in which the story is written, the manner in which this love triangle has been dragged out, the degree of emphasis through cinematography and narrative weight that is been placed on it, if it does not result in Byler endgame (which it will- I’m 100% certain) would BECOME homophobic. Because of the overarching context, not just simply because someone’s love is unreciprocated. But in a meta context, yes, I 100% believe that queer kids DESERVE representation on screen and they DESERVE to see that people like them can fall in love on a mainstream sci fi TV show in a reciprocated manner. Byler will be GROUNDBREAKING and of galactic importance for representation within TV for decades to come.
It’s NOT. I believe the show’s handling of Will and Mike’s (and El’s) story arc is beautiful. But if you’re right, and Mike is just a boring straight character (who is also borderline homophobic in that case), then based on the way they’ve handled the storyline, as well as the promotion out of the show, it would cross into that territory. For EVERY other character in the show to have had a reciprocated romance at some point in the show BUT Will, the one currently canonical queer member of the Party, and to EMPHASIZE his feelings for Mike that you believe are unrequited in a theatrical and heightened manner, only for you to be right, and Mike rejects Will in Season 5 IS homophobic.
We half agree. I agree with you that the scene between Will and Jonathan is beautiful, and I agree with you that nothing in S4 is dreadful for Will’s character arc- IF and only IF it leads to Byler endgame. If it leads to rejection, then I stand by 100% of what I said.
The stuff you said about Will’s painting is true, but that doesn’t mean I have to like it. Will’s character is more than his sexuality. I agree with that. He’s very layered and has a lot of underlying trauma that goes beyond the UD and the supernatural. We haven’t really even seen how Lonnie’s verbal abuse impacted him. He’s dealing with supernatural trauma, sexuality trauma and the feeling of abandonment and isolation due to being in the closet. He’s scared of his family and friends hating him. He’s a super relatable character.   The problem is that the writers didn’t focus on any of these facets of his character and made his sexuality and his love for Mike his primary storyline in s4. It’s why everyone is harping on his love life, because that’s the only storyline they gave him this season. “Being gay is not his central focus” it was in s4 and it was handled terribly. I didn’t like how they handled his sexuality plot at all. They could have done this whole thing without him having a crush on Mike. It could have just been about him being scared that Mike was going to reject him as a friend and being scared of his reaction. His crush accomplishes nothing but making him miserable.   Growth would mean that he’s healed from his trauma and that has nothing to do with Mike’s acceptance of him. He has a lot to work through, and his love for Mike is part of it, but I’m afraid they are going to center his coming out around Mike again and I’m going to be upset. His acceptance from his family is more important and that’s why I hope if he does get a coming out it’s with Joyce and they don’t waste it on Mike. Coming out to a family member is cathartic and freeing.   “It’s relatable”. It is and as a queer person it does happen a lot, but they shouldn’t have made Will overly tragic and isolated this season. There are ways to write unrequited love without making the character go through constant misery. Making a character come off that sad and hurt and then NOT giving them a love interest is not a good look. I’m almost sure they aren’t going to give him a well-fleshed out romance in s5. The most he’ll get is a random guy in an epilogue. I would LOVE for the show to explore his connection to the UD and delve into his trauma and his childhood attachment issues. Hopefully, s5 can handle that well, but he should be able to have a character arc AND a romance. Every single character on this show has gotten romantic validation but him.   Also, I disliked Mike and El since s1 and never shipped them. It has nothing to do with Will. I resent that accusation. They were children and it just made me uncomfortable to see them in a romantic connotation. S2 was a bit better with it but s3 with the make out fully turned me off. Why are they showing children making out?
Deliberately twisting and misinterpreting what happened in the show is now having an opinion. If you don’t want people to correct you when you do that, then maybe stay out of Reddit.
We don't get to see much of any of the other kids' relationships. Mike and El are the main couple and we actually get to spend time with them, not just seeing scenes about an issue that happened off screen. We always see the after effects but not not much in the way of dwelling on the problem the way we do with Mike and El.  Teenagers making out all the time doesn't equate codependence, it equates horny teenagers who adore each other.  There is one last season, so of course they're not going to resolve every character conflict in S4. Mike and El work so hard to grow up and stay together, more than any other pairing on the show, and it's meaningful. They're good, positive signs, not bad ones. The fact they still love each other so deeply after all they've been through, and despite their personal flaws, is really powerful.
I deleted it because I misunderstood one of your points and wrote a new one. It's not being rude to call out wrong facts.
"And as many Eggos as you want" (ok, gonna go cry)
Well I certainly won't be anymore because you are very unkind about a core part of the show. If you don't like them why did you bother engaging? And at that why did you feel the need to brag about another ship? It's toxic and unnecessary. Have a nice day. Your opinions are in bad faith. You don't have to like them but don't make up lies either.
For me I'm 100% fine with unrequited love -it happens.  But even Steve and Dustin, the other characters who've gone through the experience,  had positive romantic experiences.  And there's time for Will to have a developed closeted romance all the way through season 5, but even that gets pushback about how he should be happy with platonic love.
I feel like I’m taking crazy pills by seeing people responses.   I’m sorry that as an LGBT person I didn’t like the writing for Will. Sue me I guess.
AbsurdNerd  Did the link not work?
My phone is being wierd atm so I can't check the link
Not off the top of my head! I'd have to go back and look.  And what I put above is probably 1.5M words... 🙃
Im comparing your stupid question of you asking me why your delusion of Byler cant possibly be real because "tons of us see it!!!1111" Because after all, how could it not be that. That's what you just said. And i told you how. Run along with whatever you feel about what I said.   No he doesn't exhibit those traits. Being called insane by YOU is pretty god damn funny lmfao
It’s my favourite show, I’m aware of the cinematography, and narrative themes.  I just think it’s a very interesting note to make that these people who are so smart about these things are all 16 year olds on Twitter who have little to not life experience.  We’ll see when season 5 comes out, but I think it’s the byler shippers who will end up looking very silly and probably end up defending themselves with the accusations of the showrunners queerbaiting.
My dude, because that’s literally how people become shippers, they watch a show and find a relationship appealing, that doesn’t automatically imply the ship will become canon.  Also I’m not being obtuse, you implied that Mike would be homophobic if he wasn’t gay and in love with Will, that’s your words, not mine.  “100% certain” I’ll hold you to that when the final season drops because I know tears will be shed on your end, and your belief is absolutely going to have you screaming queerbaiting when the show doesn’t make it canon.  A long triangle implies that there’s romantic feeling on both sides, and there’s not, Will is the only one with feelings for Mike, and Mike is purely interested in Eleven.
Mike isn't borderline homophobic or any level as currently portrayed.  We have absolutely no idea yet of how he feels about it because it's never come up.  He doesn't know about Will and the idea of homosexuality has not come up at all amongst the kids in any other way.  That every other character has a reciprocated romance except Will frankly makes all the sense in the world.  Who the hell was coming out as a teenager in the 80s?  Not many, if any.  Society deemed that had to be buried.  That's not an issue for straight people so it's out in the open and easier for people to make connections. It's extremely accurate.  It's based on a homophobic aspect of all of society back then, yes, but that's the way it must be played if you want to be true to the period piece you're working with.  Hell Robin and another queer character finally making a connection at the end of season 4 is a bit of serendipity in of itself.  It was by nature more difficult back then.  And no, Mike not reciprocating is not homophobic.  If someone's not homosexual, they're not homosexual.  Not forcing themselves to be so is not homophobic.  Mike's inevitable turning down of Will's affections doesn't make him a homophobe.  Am I going to guarantee his initial reaction will be as chill as Steve's was to Robin?  I can't say that, I don't know how the boys will react initially. But even if they need a little time to reflect I don't doubt they'll accept him.
“Boring straight character” this is the issue with kids and teenagers lately, damn. As a queer person, i promise you that a character being straight isn’t inherently boring, and Mike himself hasn’t done anything remotely homophobic? Him not returning Will’s feelings IS not homophobic.
I understood what happened in the show just fine and am not misinterpreting anything, so pls just stop.
it's more like you all are deliberately choosing not to see what was laid out right in front of our eyes. If Will wasn't supposed to be mixed up in Eleven and Mike's relationship it would not have been written the way it was in season 4. There would have been some big sweeping romantic gesture and private conversation and soft lighting and shots that didn't have dead bodies and WILL in the background of every interaction.   And no, the feelings in the van were entirely Will's. He was hiding them behind Eleven, but Eleven never said in the show in season four any of those things. The only thing she said was that Mike wasn't loving her the way she wanted to be loved.
Exactly what I said in my original post and comments. I know they’re kids. But it’s still wildly unhealthy when even HOPPER - who strikes me as a perceptive guy and genuinely tries to be open to Mileven - is concerned for them because all they do is kiss. I’m so sorry, but if I was a parent I’d also ask just in case. I have not seen Max and Lucas kiss every single time they have a scene together, but with El and Mike in 3 it was SO MANY. Also, like I said, as long as it’s TRULY RESOLVED in ST5 I’m fine. Because I disagree. They did not fully acknowledge any of the issues in their relationship. There has not been one scene where they actually sat down and talked about it in a way that led to them being on the same page and feeling satisfied. It’s always loose ends; from 3 onwards their relationship has issues and they talk about it, but they don’t fully RESOLVE it in a proper manner.
No you literally called me a problem. That’s what’s rude. But okay go ahead and ignore that despite the fact that I never called you a problem for your opinions I (respectfully) disagree with. :)
Not sure how I’ve been unkind by expressing a differing perspective. I haven’t made a single personal attack during this entire interaction, unlike you who just called me a liar and a stuck up snob and the other commenter who implied that I, a neurodivergent person, is ableist lol I haven’t made up any lies. I’ve literally just said *XYZ occurred* and my perspective on it is *this* and I think it’s why people don’t like them. I’m not saying I’m better than anyone for disliking them, but demanding that people accept a narrative at face value or misrepresenting why people dislike the story is frustrating lol
The Duffers have openly said they will not change their story for fanservice reasons.  Nor should they.  No writer worth their salt does such a thing.  You have your story and you tell it and if you make changes, you do it so that it makes sense for your story's sake, not to please a certain loud and stupid subset of your fanbase.
It’s very annoying when straight people tell non-straight fans how we’re supposed to feel about the writing of gay characters. And with how they put him in love triangle, we can’t even discuss this character without people trying to make it into an argument or discussion about Mike and Eleven. I’ve never seen a fandom this bad, but then again I don’t usually participate in fandoms.
Yeah. Just really starved for Mileven content...
“he doesn’t exhibit those traits.” Source: Trust Me Bro. “he does exhibit those traits.” Source: Narrative Understanding/Basic Media Literacy and the lived experience of millions of queer people.
Cap. Bylers come in all ages, and many are elder millennials or even older in some cases. A lot of the prominent Bylers are people who’ve studied film and television in depth, as well as people who work in the industry. Byler is not just popular among younger Gen Z members. Not in the slightest.
“a love triangle implies there’s romantic feelings on both sides.” No. A love triangle actually doesn’t “require” that at all. In this case it is true, but that’s not what makes something a love triangle. If two people are pursuing one person, that’s enough for something to be a love triangle. Will/Mike/El have consistently been shown with love triangle imagery and narrative since Season 1. They are just as much, if not more, of a love triangle as Steve/Nancy/Jonathan, Dustin/Max/Lucas (during season 2), Bob/Joyce/Hopper (during season 2), and more recently Robin/Vickie/Dan. This is true visually speaking, and within the narrative. By bringing Will’s feelings for Mike to the forefront, there’s no way people can have consistent intellectual integrity and deny it any longer.
“Mike isn't borderline homophobic or any level as currently portrayed.  We have absolutely no idea yet of how he feels about it because it's never come up.  He doesn't know about Will and the idea of homosexuality has not come up at all amongst the kids in any other way.”  I agree that it’s never explicitly come up, and I agree with you that he doesn’t know about Will’s feelings for him. I disagree that he’s entirely unaware of the homophobic things people have said about Will, so he’s definitely aware that Will is “different” and that people view him as gay to some extent. After all, he’s the one who was actually taking the brunt of the homophobic bullying in Will’s absence in Season 1. But generally speaking, that’s precisely my point. If Mike doesn’t know about Will’s feelings for him (but may have some idea Will is “different”), how do you explain, “It’s not my fault you don’t like girls.” How do you explain him not writing a letter to Will with the excuse that, “we’re friends. We’re friends”? How do you explain the airport hug (or lack thereof)? And many more things. Bylers have well-thought out explanations for all of them, but that’s what I mean by borderline homophobic. Not fully. Not like Troy or Lonnie or anything like that. If you believe Mike is straight, these comments are functionally microagressions that fall into that category.  “That every other character has a reciprocated romance except Will frankly makes all the sense in the world.  Who the hell was coming out as a teenager in the 80s?  Not many, if any.  Society deemed that had to be buried.  That's not an issue for straight people so it's out in the open and easier for people to make connections. It's extremely accurate.”  “Realism” is not a lightsaber of smugness you get to wield at queer kids who demand representation in 2023 in mainstream television shows. “Realistic” would mean many of the characters, even universally beloved ones like Dustin, might actively be against gay people or casually say, “That’s so gay” in casual conversation. People did that into the 2010s! Realism has a place in stories, but the writers aren’t making any of their protagonists homophobic. Every character who is (Troy, Lonnie, etc.) is punished for it. Even Steve had his moments in s1 and has had to grow and become an explicit ally for Robin to redeem himself. The idea that because it’s “realistic” for Will’s love to be unrequited “since it’s the 80s,” we should accept that as okay and even powerful and be thankful that Will hasn’t been hate-crimed or killed is appalling. Will doesn’t deserve crumbs of paltry acceptance, where all the straight characters get love interests but hug Will and tell them they still love him. He deserves to have his happy ending with the boy he loves. Period. This is 2023.  “And no, Mike not reciprocating is not homophobic.  If someone's not homosexual, they're not homosexual.  Not forcing themselves to be so is not homophobic.  Mike's inevitable turning down of Will's affections doesn't make him a homophobe.”  Literally NO ONE said it’s homophobic for a character or person to be straight, Mike Wheeler included. We’re saying that in the context of the narrative, the narrative itself would go in that direction. If this were to happen.  “Am I going to guarantee his initial reaction will be as chill as Steve's was to Robin?  I can't say that, I don't know how the boys will react initially. But even if they need a little time to reflect I don't doubt they'll accept him.”  Be serious. The boy who promised to go crazy together with his best friend and the boy who said, “It’s Hawkins, it’s not the same without you” is not gonna reject Will in season 5 and say, “Crazy together, but not that crazy.” And he’s not gonna be “less chill” than Steve was to Robin, with the hopes that eventually he’ll be fully accepting. That’s objectively a non-starter. What will happen is clear, based on the narrative themes of the show and the individual arcs of all three characters involved. Byler endgame and El independence arc.
Thank you. Im gay myself and Will is a great example of a struggle most gay people go through at some time in life and especially coming to terms with their sexuality: Falling in love with your straight friend. Realizing there are people BEYOND that person romantically is growth in both the show and real life.  Everyone goes through unrequited love, regardless of orientation. Implying that the script HAS TO GIVE WILL THIS because of his trauma and ignoring everything Eleven went through and the fact that she loves Mike and he loves her is just pity worthy really. Mike is a great character and making him gay would not make him better. Will being gay did not make his character any better either. Its just a part of him. Mike is not surface level and neither are his actions like the other poster is implying. In fact, I think its interesting that Mike lives in his head as much as he does. It makes him somewhat of a mystery because he hides his fear well the majority of the time (except in s4 when he is down) to where his friends view him as a leader when he is clearly being emotionally taken down by all thats happened. Mike is interesting in the sense that he was the only one willing to instinctively trust Eleven when no one else did and he has a dedication to those in his life that is unmatched. That isn't boring.  Wills coming of age arc is going to be centered around expanding beyond just expecting Mike to always be the focus of his world. He can be his best friend forever but Will knows things have changed and he needs to accept that which he is beginning to. Why Will was chosen by Vecna to begin with is much more important to the story than Wills orientation.
Literally some of my favorite characters in Stranger Things are presumably straight. Lumax is one of my favorite ships (although I personally feel that Max gives off bi vibes). Nearly everyone in the fandom loves Jopper. Mike wouldn’t be boring “because” he’s straight. He would be boring because of the narrative he’s in and the way it would make his character less nuanced, less interesting, and significantly more surface level. It also wouldn’t make sense. Mike has done way too many queer-coded things to be a straight character. And yes, if your interpretation is correct, Mike has done things that are weird at best and homophobic at worst. “It’s not my fault you don’t like girls.” Not hugging Will at the airport (but hugging all his other male best friends). “We’re friends. We’re friends.” And many more things that either are projection/internalized homophobia or literal homophobia. I DON’T think any of them would make Mike a villain. But they would make him a bit of a dick to Will for no reason.
Thank you for fighting in the trenches
> If Will wasn't supposed to be mixed up in Eleven and Mike's relationship  Will is a) discovering his sexuality through his feelings for Mike; and b) Mike's best friend and the only support system he had in ST4. That is why he was involved in that storyline. What part of this is confusing to you?   Mike had a personal issue that was keeping him from expressing his feelings and he needed to overcome that issue. That is why he needed his friend's support. If it were easy for him, he would have said it by now: that is the point.   >There would have been some big sweeping romantic gesture   You mean, like a character telling his girlfriend he loves her 9 times, through a speech that gets her to fight back and defeat the villain?   > the feelings in the van were entirely Will's.   They are both.   Matt Duffer: "(...) by *describing how Eleven feels for Mike*, he is describing his own feelings."  [https://deadline.com/2022/07/stranger-things-duffer-brothers-interview-season-five-1235058041/](https://deadline.com/2022/07/stranger-things-duffer-brothers-interview-season-five-1235058041/)  Feel free to argue with the writer/creator of the show.
>it's more like you all are deliberately choosing not to see what was laid out right in front of our eye  omg the irony
You are the problem if you're writing incorrect facts and then hiding under the veil of opinion. It's okay to be called out on that and I am sorry if you think it's rude.
Just the way you talked about Lumax made it come across as snobby and like people are more "enlightened" somehow by liking them. It's a general attitude I've seen since this season has released and it's annoying. Romance, especially whimsical romance in fantasy, tends to be looked at as less than, and when you said that the monologue was full of cliches, I took that as an attitude of snobbery that is directed towards love stories in general. I find attitudes towards romance to be judgmental overall and also a bit sexist towards women who like them.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Season 2 is my favorite season! I love that the whole cast comes together - the scene where they’re waiting on the demogorgon with all of their weapons and then the door opens and El returns is my favorite scene in the entire show!
Could not have said it better. Sure there were a couple writing issues, like the Lost Sister episode, but the atmosphere was perfect, the characters were true to themselves and written really well, and it was a very natural extension of the first season. The fallout from Barb's death, the aftermath and everyone dealing with the events of Season 1 in their own ways. The expansion of the Upside Down lore in such an amazing way, introducing an antagonist that essentially represents the core of the Upside Down itself, the Mind Flayer, a living decay that spreads itself everywhere and controls the entire dimension. The excellent continuation of the character's stories, like Hopper with Eleven, Steve and Dustin buddy-ing up, Will and Mike bonding over their shared experiences and feeling like outcasts. It just hit the mark perfectly for a lot of things that a sequel needs to have. It upsets me that people seem to think it's the black sheep of the show in terms of quality when really it's easily the second best entry in the series and the only sequel to truly capture the spirit the show got so famous for. I thought there was a lot of good in Season 4, but just as much bad and it's just a regular Netflix show at this point. They 'got' Stranger Things when making the second season in a way they didn't with any of the other sequels. Long live Season 2
I agree about S1 and S2 having an unpolished vintage vibe that seemed more authentic. S3 was like a Disney blockbuster. They turned Hopper into a cartoon version of himself. It almost seemed like it had different writers. They tried to get the vibe back in S4. Part of the problem was the $300M budget. There was too much focus on CGI. S1 had almost no CGI.   The humor in S1 was also better. Some of the comedy isn't working as well anymore such as the jokes from Dustin about Steve in S4 or "sassy Erica" in S3 or "neurodivergent Robin" in S4.
the beginning of szn 3 is the worst imo, so on my recent watch through episode to episode i immediately noticed the good quality of 2 compared to the drop off in early 3
I never understood the hate for season two. We got Max and Murray, we saw into the upside down, the demadogs, El's sister, and the duo of Dustin and Steve. You can't tell me people didn't love Dustin and Steve as a duo.
I always thought season 2 was one of the best of the shows. A good sequel to the first season.
Unpopular opinion but I enjoyed 3 quite a bit, it didnt have as many highs as 4 did but 4 felt more disjointed to me. I also didnt really like how much time was spent on el getting bullied, it seemed very exaggerated with literal crowds watching, way too theatrical. 1 was fantastic and nailed the asthetic, and 2 just continued to improve on what 1 did well (with the exception of that 1 episode that I personally cant stand).
Season 2 is really great. I always hate how everyone wants to order them. They’re all great and so close to each other it almost doesn’t matter. If I had to order it I’d probably do 1,4,2,3. I just like looking at it as one big story. Each season to me is as good as can be.
I actually watch the episode so many seem to hate. With 008 help, El understood how to properly use her powers. To redirect them with purpose.  Also this season to me has one of the saddest deaths, aside Eddie. RIP BOB NEWBY- SUPERHERO 🦸‍♂️
What’s the episode we don’t talk about??
I agree! Season 2 is my favourite season
The season 2 is really great and good follow up to season 1, but it's the season who take for me the less risks. I wasn't much a fan of season 3 and I do think some of the storyline in season 4 were unnecessary, but I appreciate the fact they tried new things for the show. Still, I agree, the fall vibes is really great.
>it’s such a breath of fresh air from 3 and 4, feels so much more authentic,  >and how it’s so centered on the authenticity of the 80s setting, without the forced comedic undertones (that 3 and 4 have) and still holding onto that grainy unpolished vintage vibe season 1  Fucking yes all this. I miss how grounded the first 2 seasons were, they took themselves more seriously and I much prefer that to 3 and 4 upping the absurdity and the in your face comic relief. Like the humor felt so much more natural the first 2 seasons, now it feels like the writers are trying too hard to get me to laugh. No your walking talking stoner trope and the Russian guy implied to want to fuck his helicopter are not funny they're cringey caricatures that kill the immersion
Every scene in every episode is so good. It is the best show ever created IMO!
What's the story with the one episode that everyone hates? I don't mind spoilers
Season 2 literally made me quit Stranger Things—until my little cousin convinced me it got WAY better  And she was right! Season 3 restored my faith
I agree that season 2 is great (although its probably still my least favorite season), but I don't think that many people actually dislike it (like how some people dislike season 3), they just think it's the weakest of the four seasons.
Personally it was my favorite easily.
season 2 is my favorite and no one ever agrees with me
I really appreciate the first two seasons. Season 3 is my personal favorite, but I appreciate how the humor in seasons 1 and 2 was much more subtle. Most of the funny moments from those seasons were probably written as natural dialogue, but people who watched the show found it to be funny. Way better than the forced jokes in 3 and 4. When the stakes are much more localized and set in Hawkins, Stranger Things is at its best (which is why I dislike the season 4 Russia plot and how the Byers moved so far away from Hawkins instead of a state or 2 away from Indiana). James from Dead Meat on YouTube does a good job of explaining the importance of Hawkins in his Stranger Things 3 Kill Count:  "I appreciate that the show is trying to expand out from Hawkins, but the Hawkins setting and characters are what make it so enjoyable."
It’s my favorite season by far.
Shadow form mind flayer>>. Really my only issue with the season is the lost sister episode. It wouldn’t have been a big issue for me if they had placed it better in the ep list. It’s the second best season after 1 for me. Really the only season I have big issues with is 3 and some of 4 but none of them are bad overall
I don’t understand the Lost Sister episode and Kali hate. Take it for what it was- El learning there’s other people like her out there and how to hone her abilities. It’s part of the hero’s journey. It was a fun detour and they kept it short and sweet. Will we see Kali again? Eh maybe, who cares? If she was a one and done ok cool, if she’s back in season 5 ok cool. She’s not important enough to really matter either way.
They better redeem the shit out of that lost sister episode in season 5, give us a damn reason why they introduced us to Kali… instead of just throwing her away the moment 11 got her powers back…
Omg thank you so much for this response. I think all of the same things! I’m grateful there’s someone else who disagrees with the choices made in seasons 3 and 4. They’re getting too carried away in the wrong places
Oh man I didn't have a huge problem with sassy erica but neurodivergent Robin was a huge mistake.
>They tried to get the vibe back in S4.  Completely disagree. They tried to mix the two vibes together, there's still far far too much over the top silly nonsense and cartoonish characters (Yuri, Murray, Argyle) imo  >jokes from Dustin about Steve in S4 or "sassy Erica" in S3 or "neurodivergent Robin" in S4.  Yep forgot about those but even more examples to the contrary that they were actually going after the s1 vibes.
Yeah I rewatched and I do not remember it being that slow
I think a few episodes in 3 got back in shape, but I agree the first two episodes at least were not very good.
I agree! I didn't have many problems with seasons 1-3. I felt like I could overlook the writing choices a bit, but season 4 just felt different to me. It's still amazing in all aspects, but the bullying El experienced felt very stereotypical. The class outwardly bullying El during her presentation while the teacher stood and watched was hard to watch. Even Troy in season 1 bullied more authentically than Angela. With bullying, people are more subtle, and the scene of the teens squishing El's diorama in the schoolyard was too unrealistic to me.  However, I'm only speaking from personal experience, so I understand if some people outwardly bully, but for me, I was picked on in minor ways.
Yes, all four are so great that I wouldn't fault anyone for saying any season is their favorite (though I think that 1 is still a big step ahead)
>Season 1 is lovely but had the problem of being the first season where they're establishing everything  That's not a problem, I would even say it's what make it that good, because it was the first entry in the show, where things where getting established, the mistery was completely there and the horror also. Still the best season for me, season 2 comes after. Season 3 is surely the weakest of the show (and when I was watching it, I remember not feeling the characters were really in danger; the situations were more easily resolved and I wasn't that worried for them. This fear for the heroes and what could happen to them, is something that comes back in season 4), but season 4 rebuild the hype around the show and was really good in general (personally, it's the final episode that I found a little below).
>The episode where El is with Kali and her friends is a GREAT episode  FACTS! I fucking love the very premise of it and it blows my mind how quickly everyone writes it off. Like sure Kalis friends suck but they're glorified extras in a single episode, get over it people. Its really not that bad. Its also a massively important episode for El's character and personal growth which no one gives it credit for.
I’m guessing it’s the episode where El leaves Hawkins and joins a gang kind of.
The Lost Sister
Eleven leaves Hawkins and joins some gang, then leaves them. That's the entire episode.
They won't cause yall cried about it so much they're going to give you what you want and pretend it didn't happen
S3 Robin and Nancy would not get along. Neurodivergent Robin and Nancy compliment each other.  Besides, it’s not like we didn’t get glimpses of neurodivergent Robin in S3, when they had to cut into El’s leg. Steve, even earlier in S3, described Robin as hyper to Dustin.  It’s pretty obvious much of Robin’s S3 personality is her masking her true self.
which sucks bc the enemy within plot of the szn is interesting and for the most part done well throughout the szn, just getting to those good parts felt like a drag
I agree, it felt very forced and "on show," the bullying will and the other losers got was much more on par with real bullying. It really made the episodes hard to watch, but once the first 2 episodes were done the season didnt really miss a single beat.
Ohhh right.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Very Interesting point!  But it didn’t happen that way so we’ll never know…. It would definitely have changed alot!
Steve would have likely been at home, because he left the mall by then.
Hmmmmm 🤔
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ok
Ok
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
His mind is his ultimate weapon.  I think the only way to beat Vecna is with love powers like Eleven's.  Or by turning the Mindflayer against him.
The question is though if they find away to defeat him like you say is truly the end of the tale
I think dnd isn't as much for story reference as its just to name new characters in a style familiar to the kids. The series hasn't shown Henry being empathetic at all, so 'power of love' may not be helpful. Don't really see him turning to the 'light'. I'd like an ending where Will+El take over MF to end Vecna.
Best not overthink the DnD references. The demogorgon and mind flayer aren't as they are described in the Monster Manual.
I believe his conscience is trascended to the Mind Flayer particles, so, to finally kill Henry, there´s a need to destroy every piece of it´s consciouness all over the hive-mind
Just shoot him. Aim for the head.
Agreed with the Mind Flayer thing. I think the MF will turn against him, and the upside down will collapse as a whole and take Vecna with it. Or it'll be another "close the gate" scenario where he'll die if he's fully cut off from the upside down.
Yeah that all sounds possible.  I hope will hijacks the MF and turns it into a dragon, with El shooting love-kamehamehas.
I definitely think Will is going to hijack either the MF or again, the whole UD itself while El distracts Vecna with a fight.
What about Max?  I wonder if she will be a ninja in Vecna's mind... but will she get her body back?  Sacrifice herself to help fight Vecna from within?
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
We all know Ted’s real love is chicken anyways
Thank you OP for allowing me to vote to symbolically dissolve Karen and Ted's marriage. This game has been worth it just for that.
Link to vote: https://strawpoll.com/polls/jVyG8x6eQn7  Disclaimer:   I'm getting some positive comments as well as negative so not to discard those lovely supportive people, but I'm getting quite a bit of abuse in the comments as well and just want to clear this up. Basically I can't please everyone. People asked for less ships and a quicker game because of ship wars etc, then people commented after round one asking for me to include ship xy and z, then when I added extra ones people told me I was doing my poll wrong and it wasn't fair, plus people accusing me of manually writing Mileven on the pie chart which is honestly crazy to me I'm really not passionate enough about Mileven's relationship to bother rigging my own poll 😂.   But anyways, this is how the poll is now. I've added four more couples, none of them have recieved anywhere near the volume of votes Mileven did in round one so it makes no difference. Thank you to those that have been supportive and I hope this clears things up :)
On Mileven being voted out first— I was on Tumblr and saw that a Byler page posted the link to this poll and asked all their followers to vote Mileven out for the heck of it. They then posted that Karen/Ted should be next. They have a big following so as long as they keep posting the link to the poll, they will control the votes and Byler will ultimately win. I ship Byler myself but it’s these kind of crazies that give us all a bad rep. Sorry to OP.  Edit: my first award!! bitchin’
Can the Tumblr Bylers who lurk here vote for Billy/Karen out next? This was borderline illegal and really gross. Thank you!
Joyce and Hopper 4 eva. Lol. Daughter says Eleven and Max is the best ship.
Byler’s probably going to win this tbh especially if tumblr got involved. The sheer size of the fanbase is insane. They are the most followed ship on tumblr overall. They overtook destiel which was the top one for years.
Yeah, Ted and Karen are defeated!  Sorry for Karen, but I'm going after her and Billy now.
Cue the gif of Ted with a mouthful of chicken, genuinely curious as to what he might have done
the entire bottom row needs to go
Next should be billy and karen. This ship is pedophilic
I'll be disappointed in this sub if Murray x Alexei doesnt win.
knocking out the entire wheeler family one round at a time
At this point, I hope Argyle and Jonathan win.
I just came here to say:  Not everyone who dislikes Mileven is a Byler shipper.
What I'm intrigued about is the ships that got the *least* amount of votes yesterday and today. Are they really beloved, or just really forgettable?
Glad to see Karen and Ted gone. Was kinda worried stancy would be next. Voted for Karen and Billy this round though.
If the Byler fans end up helping to vote out Steddie, then I for one welcome our new Tumblr overlords.
Generally speaking when you are a fan of one relationship you are probably not going to like the other side of the coin. People who like Mileven won’t like byler and those who like byler won’t like mileven same goes for stancy and jancy even Jopper and Joyce and Bob (don’t know their name). It doesn’t matter if you are on Reddit or Tumbler. A stranger things fan is a stranger things fan. As far as I’m aware there’s no rule stating Tumbler users can’t vote in this game. So yeh mileven lost and a majority of people who voted probably prefer byler but that shouldn’t discredit their vote in this game or their opinion in this fandom. Fans are passionate about the things they love for whatever reason personal or otherwise. Maybe just enjoy the game instead of crying foul play when the votes don’t go the way you thought.
you guys do realize that there are reddit users that are ALSO tumblr users? So because we're on tumblr, we're not allowed to vote in a reddit poll?? the logic of that is mind-boggling.
karen and billy
Billy/Karen gotta go next. Weird ass ship!!
I really thought that Byler were going to be out next in revenge…  Pleasantly surprised that they’ve survived another day. Hopefully it’ll be Billy & Karen out next.
for the defeat of mileven i thought 50% that byler would be next. but I'm glad my 50% on karen and ted were right lmao
Alright guys, pedophilia next, let’s do this
Bro what 🤣 mike and elven gone first Jesus Christ
If Harringrove wins I’m out
The good ship Ronance sails on.
Karen and Billy might just be the single worst decision this show has ever made. It is so painful to watch on multiple levels.
I look forward to it, however you do it!  It’s awesome.
Billy and Karen easy.
The fact that milleven was voted out first shows its fall from being the most popular ship in the show
Oh shit they added more
Good
Billy and steve
Billy x Karen is definitely my least favorite, I'm surprised it wasn't voted out sooner tbh.
Get Billy and Steve out of here dude that’s honestly disgusting
Pizza boy and random girl next
Argyle and Eden have to be #1
Steddie shippers, we must rise!!!!!
“We’re all patriots in this house.”
Karen and her husband are voted out before Karen and a boy young enough to be her son...
Yay you added steddie!!
Aint no way people ship murray and alexei🗿
Thank you! 😁
I love that the first two out are the single relationship that’s been going on from basically the beginning, and the two people that are actually married.
Idk about you guys but it looks like they're taking revenge for the whole "eliminating the van scene" early on in a poll from a while ago.... I can see where they're coming from. And all this anger over a poll? Man, chill out. The van scene is in my top three scenes of the entire show and I didn't throw a hissy fit when it got voted out extremely early.
Nancy and Steve
Literally half these ships are weird ones that are never gonna exist, so I'm shocked that two canon ships are the first out.  I'll just vote for Byler again, that ship should have been out first.
Can we please get Byler out. The worst ship with the worst fans.
There are like 10 valid ships left in this and im having trouble picking between all the batshit ones
I’m not big on shipping, but of all the ships out there, I like the Nancy and Robin one since it actually seems like it could work.
The best one is lesbian ice cream girl and amazing hair dude
I voted Will/Mike into I realized there was Billy/Karen, it was so freaking weird.
How were Mike and Eleven eliminated in ROUND ONE??? I guess more people specifically hate them than I thought, I mean Mike has been a great character seasons 3-4, but like… they are the main characters lol  Edit: I meant Mike has NOT been great the last couple of seasons… idk how I do this I proofread these posts and still leave out the crucial word lmao
Why did Mike and Eleven get out first tho??
susie and dustin out 😘
im not even a die hard mileven fan, but honestly people should vote for byler since there was a tumblr post rigging it to get mileven out first
Didn't know people don't like Mike and El. Damn
mike and el out before karen and billy? priorities of these people lmao
I voted for Nancy and Jonathan. I've always hated it. Jonathan never stoppede being a creep in my book.
Jonathan and Argyle
I want Harringrove to win this. I know it won't, but yeah. Steddie would also be great.  Voted Karen's creepy ass out. Just... nope. Billy is a person, not a piece of meat.
WTF is “SHIP ELIMINATION”? Are we really so fucking lazy we can’t write the word Relationship? What in the fuck? 🤦🏼‍♂️
[removed]
Bob
Billy one
Never got Eddie and Chrissy ship   Mainly cuz Chrissy was already in a relationship with a boyfriend who would do anything for her and ended up snapping after he found out she died
How is Steve and Billy a ship lmao?
We need either Joyce and Bob or Joyce and Hopper to win!
seven of these are people who are already together or flirty together I thought it was only a ship if it’s not official
Wouldnt it of made more sense to vote out steve and Jonathan or steve and billy as a ship? 😂
Argyle for the win! 😄
Please Billy and Karen next that ship gives me the heebie jeebies
Voted Chrissy and Eddie, that song shouldn’t have been made smh
This sub is so corny sometimes
You spelled "La-Z-Boy Recliner" wrong
Nah that’s his reclinable chair
OP should add a Ted & Chicken ship
Hey, I didn't speak directly to you in the previous post, but you're really doing a great job here and it isn't your fault that Mileven was out in the first round. I was just surprised as everyone by the outcome in round one, but I never thought you had anything to do with this outcome. After all, peolple vote for what they want.  To be honest, your polls make the wait less boring and the sub more fun for me, so thank you!  EDIT: thank you for all the upvotes, it's really nice!
Don’t worry, you’re doing great. People are taking a fictional relationship way too seriously. Ignore the people who are getting mad at you. Besides, it’s your poll. If they have such a problem with it, they can make their own
thanks for doing all this!! you spend a lot of time on it and we’re all appreciative. sorry people were being rude xx
Man it's JUST a ship poll why are people getting so intense and heated about it???  You're doing great and definitely don't deserve any nasty comments!
Sorry that you got abuse. I was one of the people who complained about an omitted pairing but I didn't mean to be a dick about it. I think it's really cool that you do these. Thank you for the effort.
Just wanna jump in to give my support for all your hard work so far. Honestly the polls have generated a lot of insightful discussion about the show, character dynamics and yes sometimes controversial takes, but isn’t that what this sub is supposed to be, a safe space for fans to debate and banter? Hang in there OP, it’s such a shame you have to weather this shit storm but don’t let all the negativity deter you.
Dude i just read through a lot of the comments here. This is gonna get ugly i think, and i hope that you dont get much hate towards you either way. Apparently the ships are far more emotionally charged than i thought, and i just wish you safety and good mental health through this one, friend.
You’re doing great! Someone will always be unhappy no matter what unfortunately
Thank you for doing this.  We appreciate you!
Fuck the haters
Hey! Here to hopefully help drown out the negativity! You are so awesome for bringing fun to this sub and fandom since I am still crazy hyperfixated on it! Thank you for this!
Thank you for your hard work! You have given us a lot of fun in this long off-season time!
hey man, thanks for all these polls and stuff. they r rlly fun and screw the haters :) ur doing great
I appreciate what you do here. Its always very fun. Im sorry that people get crazy about ships.
Damn it. Now it’s gonna be even harder to choose. Also the new ships were going to make it to this round anyway because there are a lot of mileven haters
You’re receiving abusive comments over fake relationships on a tv show…? Wow people are losers. You’re doing great OP
OP can I just say I love you for creating these polls. Anyone mad at this has no one to blame but the sub. This was the poll a majority of people voted for and no one is forced to participate. It’s a fun internet game. People taking everything so seriously and getting heated over this poll need to go outside and touch some grass.  No problem with people having different opinions but no one should be attacking you or coming at you, you’re doing this for us.   Just know that the sane people appreciate you!
I love your polls! Ignore the haters because they don’t matter anyway.
What a weird thing for people to get upset about.
Heyyy i have a suggestion! If the newly added ship are eliminated in the first round after you add them, you can set another poll among it and the eliminated ones before adding :)
You're doing great. Nobody will be able to please everyone. There are just too many different opinions about all of this, so just ignore the hate, because you are doing a really good job keeping these polls going!!!
We appreciate what you are doing.Do what you want!
It does make a difference. People could have voted one of theses couples out on the first round, and the votes could have been more shared, instead of focusing on Mileven. The fact that you added more couples after the poll has already started is inherently wrong, it absolutely make a difference.
I mean, you should've seen this coming. Not saying you're wrong at all, these are fun and probably take a shit ton of work to put together but this is ships. Someone was gonna pissed off at some point.  Why you down voting me, I'm right.
Thaaat makes more sense. Thanks for clearing this up. *sigh*
I knew it :/ There's no way there's enough bylers on this sub to vote out mileven like that
People keep saying that Eddie fans ruined the fandom but this shit, the absolute refusal to believe someone can have a different opinion about a character or ship is what makes fandoms less fun.
Even if what you said was true, how is it unfair? The goal of a poll is to gather the opinion of the fandom, not just the 1k active users on Reddit. Reddit doesn’t represent the entire fandom, in fact it is a very small minority of it. I would say it’s not representative of the whole fandom at all so spreading the poll on external platforms can increase its accuracy. Obviously sharing it on byler pages makes their voting biased, but if they are able to outvote so easily it means they are numerically predominant and so this is an inevitable outcome. That’s how polls work, numbers win. Also I don’t think byler shippers are the only ones tired of mileven, the GA is not very fond of them either, so I was not surprised at all
There ARE way more bylers on this sub than you think.  People have just been constantly downvoting and reporting their posts, so they stay quiet.
Why people voting for their least favorite ships is being crazy or toxic, tho? Why voting in a fan poll is giving Bylers bad reputation? There's no rules about Tumblr users not being allowed to vote. They are part of the fandom as well, and at the end of the day it's just a game...  And congratulations for your award for being a good Byler, i guess.
it’s not that bad tbh. at the end of the day it’s just a ship poll and if people are spreading it to tumblr i don’t see how that’s really hurting anyone.
Wow you can actually see this in the vote totals.  Mileven eliminated vote is 2800 votes, this is 2100.  Last round of the last poll was \~1400 and did about 1000-1100 each round.  Totally tainted.
Thanks for flagging this. It doesn’t surprise me tbh. Not sure if it technically breaks any rules, but it certainly does ruin the fun of the poll. Like you said, really sorry to OP here.
Thanks for giving context. The Byler fandom on Tumblr determining all the poll results is rather unfortunate (and vindictive towards Mileven especially).  Mileven for the win on the show, at least!
It's so funny how hivemind the Byler fandom is, they're like the upside down side of the fandom.   I have nothing against this ship myself, I just find it's impressive how they quickly organized themselves to vote against first Mileven and now against Ted/Karen. I just hope they don't eliminate my favorites to quickly.
This makes perfect sense with the results yesterday....
Broooo that's some crazy people... I also ship byler, but I'm not crazy enough to sabotage a poll...
Why cannot byler take the W? It’s been built since s1 with numerous fans that have zero impact on where the script goes. The higher you fly the harder you fall.
Aw man as a byler shipper I’m pretty disappointed :/ it’s not fun when it’s not fair and explains why mileven got out so fast
Well what’s the point of even doing these straw polls if they’re already rigged?
So they're technically making the worst ship win? Please vote it out then, if it's already rigged
That’s weird af. So we know if Byler wins that it’s rigged?  Tbf I’ve seen this happen in other subs as well, people recruit members from other subs to vote on their polls and stuff but sheesh.
Already on it 🫡
we are
I love Max and Eleven too! They’re one of my favorites but also Joyce and Hopper have my heart
Your daughter is right
Shoulda been first imo.
Any Billy ship is awful. He’s an abusive racist who almost killed Steve. And Karen is married.
Agreed
As keep having tell people I don't ship it in any shape or form and does have a pretty big age gap. But isn't pedophile as both are of age of concent in USA as Billy was 18 and Karen is meant to be in her 40s again it is a fairly gross ship but isn't pedophila
wheelers and their messy relationships lol
Same, ngl. Not a fan of any of them.
Thank you, omg. I'm tired of the automatic retort for Mileven criticism being "WELL, you're just hating on them because you don't SHIP IT."  It's so juvenile. Mileven can suck all on its own, I promise. It doesn't need help from any rival ship.
>Not everyone who dislikes Mileven is a Byler shipper.  Right, but really dead last? Behind objectively bad ones like Billy/Karen? Behind useless ones like Eden/Argyle or Ted and Karen? That just doesn't make any sense to me
I'm not crazy about the soulmate/"I can't live without you" trope (though it's realistic for young teens. Their separation and so few moments of connection and friendship in season 4 hasn't done them any favors, so I'm really hoping we get that in season 5.
🤣🤣
Yeah, also I'm much more interested in a poll that includes the entire fanbase rather than just reddit. This reddit isn't really representative of the entire fanbase so it's kind of funny to see Mileven which people love here get voted out first.    It's clear Mileven just isn't that popular in the collective fanbase, Mileven accounts are free to post this as well, and get traction as well and they didn't really do anything so it's clearly not that popular a fanbase.   I'm curious to if Jonathan will manage to finish top 3 in both the ships and the scene polls after finishing 14th in the character poll LOL.
EXACTLY! This!  We're all ST fans no? lol what's so wrong and toxic about us voting  (not a tumblr byler, but i am a byler on another sns platform. and a mostly silent reddit user, as are many of us in this sub)
I don't like either ship, but I do agree with this comment.
well multishipping exists but otherwise i agree with you
THANK YOU!
Thank god someone with a brain
I’m a fan of good story telling, that’s good enough reason to not like byler
>People who like Mileven won’t like byler  But not necessarily, I like Mileven and think it should've been top 5 at least but don't have anything against Byler and would not have voted for it for a while when there are totally useless pairings on here like Eden and Argyle, Ted/Karen, etc. Plus even without going for actual Byler, I think there's value and a lot to like in just the friendship we've seen between Will and Mike, so more reason not to vote them out early just out of spite.   >Maybe just enjoy the game instead of crying foul play when the votes don’t go the way you thought.  Its just annoying cause it feels more like spite than an actual result. Its not in good faith
Fr
Judging by all the comments here and on Tumblr, I'm pretty certain that's the bipartisan consensus. If we can all agree on one thing, it's that a Billy and Karen ship is ultra gross and creepy!!
fans of other ships aren't that crazy
I’m actually expecting Byler to make it quite far in this poll. Judging by the last round, their fans are really active in this game. Probably more so than any other ship on here.
All I hope is that the ship that wins is actually a ship that exists, most of these fake ships on the poll are god-awful.
Romance🥇 Jopper🥈Elmax🥉
I honestly think it was inspired by Dawson’s Creek. One of the main characters,Pacey, had a strange affair with a teacher when he was fifteen.  It was a very strange grooming situation, but in the show was played off as something that was a legitimate choice made by Pacey and the teacher got off scott free. The 90s take on it was wild! But I really think it’s just a thing they threw in there because the teenage boy getting with/wanting to have sex with the sad and/or hot mom was such a common trope in the 70s,80s,90s. Hell, even the 2000s! Stacey’s mom anyone?
Honestly why did the duffers pull that?? that's mike's mother like bruh   terrible decision
It was included later in the game. I'm sure it's gonna be voted out in this round.
Or Steve and billy
People ship everything
Meanwhile 2 thirds of the poll left are ships that were never hinted at in the show, most of which involve straight characters being made gay. Ridiculous.
How does them voting out Ted and Karen have anything to do with the van scene getting out?
That’s what I’m thinking too!
See comment a few above. They posted a link on Tumblr which is primarily Byler dominate fanbase and asked them to vote Mileven out. Now the results of last poll make perfect sense.
that’s just unnecessarily rude? idk what ur problem is dude
I don't even think there are 10 valid ships left, there's so many batshit ones that it's impossible to pick, which is why the real canon couples keep getting voted out while ridiculous ones like Murray and Alexei or Steve and Eddie are still in.
Just keep in mind that in these polls you must vote for your LEAST favorite ship to keep Nancy and Robin in the running.
Minus Nancy being straight.
Nancy's straight so that may be a small problem.
"Best one is a lesbian and a dude"..
You can update your vote
People don’t have to like them just because they are main characters. On the contrary, the fact that they are one of the main ships of the show only increases the likelihood of people getting tired of them and their dynamics. This, combined with the love triangle that was introduced in season 4, made the poll result a foregone conclusion for me. I don’t understand how you guys are surprised by it
Some nerd on tumblr recruited their chronically online byler fans to raid the reddit poll and vote mileven out, just some classic poll tainting.
why 😭
it’s not rigging dude you have every right to go and campaign to vote out byler
because this is for romantic ships
Karen's creepy for that, sure, but Billy does not deserve this defense. He was a piece of shit. And the attraction clearly went both ways, don't try to make it sound like it was one-sided.
Not trying to be mean, just genuinely curious: What makes Harringrove a good ship to you? Because personally, I always thought it was quite problematic
what??????
you’re not very familiar with fandom terminology are you?
It was the biggest ST ship in fanfic sites for many years untill Steve/Eddie and Mike/Will took over. I got negatively impressed when I found out they were this popular.
I think you both mean Vecna. They're soulmates.
I snorted so loud.
Thank you so much, this is such a nice message to read! I really appreciate this :) I was shocked about Mileven being out so early too but that's what makes this games fun for me since they never really go how I expect them to!
There’s actually quite a lot of Bylers on this sub. They just don’t openly post about it all the time as this place isn’t exactly a welcoming place for that discussion.
there are PLENTY of bylers on this sub. people just don't voice their opinions as much because there's no way to get a word in when being downvoted and reported and really just run off this sub. it's pretty obvious why most of us flock to other sites.
It would be interesting to see an anonymous pool asking people what they actually ship/what's their favourite ship. I bet you would be surprised by the actual amount of byler shippers in this sub that simply keep it to themselves to avoid verbal abuse and downvotes.  I'm not even an actual shipper, but I've commented once and received a shit tone of hate lol. Same when I said that I wish both mileven and byler will end up just friends in s5 some months ago. I enraged a loot of mileven shippers that day, then I said the same in an unpopular opinion post and a lot of people suddenly agreed with me.
Wait what’s wrong with Eddie fans?
It's a publicly accessible link to anyone who visits the reddit so I don't think it breaks any rules. There's also no rule saying don't share poll links outside this reddit.
I think it does ruin it because it's one fanbase voting out their least favorite (the rival to their own) first, And it's this blog's audience, which all have the same ship in common. It's no longer a natural test group, it's one with a very high concentration of shippers coming from one source. It's not really well it's ok they're just from Tumblr, they're only representing the Byler part of Tumblr. If it was the broader fanbase on Tumblr then it would be ok
>Mileven for the win on the show, at least!  We can take solace in the fact that they may rig this survivor Mileven is actually canon and their's never will be. L
I guess Mileven fans are quite used to getting Wins on the show, so those Byler fans must really need this one.
We’re a “hate group” for… shipping two childhood best friends (one of which who is canonically in love with the other) in a fictional show?
Yes! Billy/Karen is so creepy 🤢
Somehow none of the ones that deserved to go first actually went first
I genuinely didn't know Billy was 18 in season 3
Semantics. This ship is creepy af
But Karen knew him since he was 17 and I’m pretty sure her and her cougar posse wasn’t just simping over him as soon as summer started in Hawkins. Plus, Billy was FRESHLY 18 so those people were WAITING for him to turn 18. It’s pedophilia.
It makes perfect sense, actually. The poll asked for the least favorite ship, so of course people are going to vote for what they find more annoying. People just don’t have strong enough feelings about useless ships like Ted and Karen to vote against them in the first round
Yes. I'm counting on them to take jancy forward too. most bylers hate stancy lol
When you can’t have it canonically, all you have is fan polls and fan fiction.
No shit, can't wait to see how far this rigging goes 😂
I wouldn’t mind if a wholesome ship wins, even if it isn’t canon. But no abuser ships please 💀
Honestly Eddie would've been the one character appropriate enough to portray a "hot for teacher" situation without the uncomfortable implications.
It’s foreshadowing Mike himself getting close with another William 😉/j /j /j
I'm talking about Mileven and keeping Byler in as long as possible.
I’m well aware of that, but most of the ships here are logically impossible.  I’m simply saying that if they were to get together, they would probably have the best odds of actually making it work.
100%
How can I do that?
cry about it
…..did you just use “nerd” as an insult in a sub for a show where nearly all the main characters are nerds (and it’s shown to be a good thing) ?
omg a friend took my phone HAHAHAAHAH
it definitely is rigging lol
Eh, I don't think it was, actually. Pretty sure it was an act considering how fast he dropped it once alone. Besides, even if he was an irredeemable piece of shit, that doesn't make it okay.
Oh, it's certainly problematic. No question there. But I think they're alike in a lot of ways, ones that few others in that town could understand. If Billy had lived and gotten his redemption arc, I would've liked to have seen how their interactions would've developed. Remember, Steve was slated to be just an S1 bully, killed off in some manner, but look at him now. It would've been interesting to see how they would've done that with a rather more difficult character like Billy. And in that journey, I think they'd find they understand each other a lot better than either had given credit to before.
Steve/Dustin isn't even that much worse than some of the other weird ships on here. But I think the person thought it meant Steve/Dustin as a friendship, not a relationship.
No I speak and write English not stupid and lazy shorthand. I get slang and all but I’m sorry shortening Relationship to just Ship is one of the worst I ever seen 🤦🏼‍♂️
edward4edward relationship
It's normal, you really made this sub more fun for me with the polls and I do check this sub daily again thank to your post.   And yeah, I think it's really fun to have unexpected results with fan polls and I'm pretty curious to see what beside Byler comes to the top now. I think Lumax, Jancy and Jopper have the best chance to win apart from Byler, but I'm not against more surprise!
Maybe people on this sub aren't aware of how many people actually ship Byler because Byler posts are so often reported or downvoted until they get deleted. Just because a lot of people on here are unhappy that their ship got voted out first, that doesn't mean other people "rigged" the game by showing up in high numbers. We're all just voting, there's no cheating. Bylers are fans of the show and are on this reddit too. It makes total sense that Bylers would dislike Mike + El, and would vote to eliminate them. Maybe this is just a reality check for the sub about how many Byler fans there are, now that the say of Bylers can't be reported and deleted within this game. We're all just fans of the show trying to have fun, not sure why there's so much contention over people enjoying different aspects of the show.
Yeah, I know if I post something Byler-leaning, it will be downvoted. Eh, c'est la vie.
We just avoid talking about it that much due to the treatment we usually get, but many of us are redditors, and frequent this sub daily.
the Mileven fans on here usually attack, downvote and report comments or posts about Mike and Will, so you can’t even discuss it here. I wish they would just go watch a different show. Disney has plenty of shows they might like
I'm not saying there aren't any, but they're very few compared to milevens. Remember how quickly the van scene got voted out in the previous game?
People keep saying that they’re cringe and annoying but it’s mostly not understand fandom cultures or con etiquette, like I get Chrissy wake up got annoying but jokes inside fandoms isn’t at all uncommon.
Yeah that’s why I wasn’t outright accusing it of breaking rules or rigging, as it’s not like they were voting multiple times each. Just think it kind of ruins the fun a bit, that’s just me though.
Wins like…. Mike keeping his eyes open when El kissed him at the end of Season 3? Wins like… Mike and El not talking despite his grand “love confession” in season 4? Wins like… Mike gaslighting El during their fight and not even writing I Love You? Wins like… El’s reunion with her gay brother in the desert being more intimate than her reunion with her supposed boyfriend? Wins like… Mike and El never having any heart to hearts in the entire time they’ve officially been together?
Yes, I guess so!
Yeah wth lol like I agree with the obnoxious part but a hate group? Lmaoo
Yep did do quick check to make sure but yep 18 so it's gross but not pedo
 Creepy yes but calling pedophile is wrong that is all
Not in eyes of USA law if person is 18 as nothing happened before then no charge can be levelled at Karen or unjustified label now it is creepy but isn't pedophila also also if we going to cast judgement of Karen then really shouldn't label be given to her whole mums group I mean they all went to check out Billy.
Your opinion doesn't make something fact by us law he's and adult so while some may thinks it's creepy or wrong it's still legal and not pedophilia
Are you not aware of the tumblr invasion perhaps?
Jancy is just Byler in a different shirt anyways. Could even use the exact same ship name for both
There's a word for it and it's called fandom. impressive i know
More people = more votes. What’s actually more popular in the fandom is going to win, that’s the point. That’s how polls work, how is this rigging
I’m actually interested to see the community response when it inevitably beats universally loved ships like Lumax and Jopper.
Probably. But I also think the Billy x Karen was supposed to make us uncomfortable. It’s subverting the trope. Instead of painting it as something that was a goal?
I genuinely laughed  thank you for that
Not gonna lie compared to what most Will/Mike fans say your evidence is 100 times more sensible than theirs.
Yeah but how does that have to do with the van scene?
Yeah, I think Nancy and Robin is miles better than stuff like steddie or harringrove
NVM I did change the vote, the first time didn't work, thank you.
Nah that's okay, I will comment on it though :) Stay mad that I have an opinion lol
Was it an insult, or a descriptor? I'm a nerd. I can recognize nerds.
Okay good lol because that's one of the only like five ships on here that are actually decent.
you could say that, but as someone who’s on tumblr, people are basically just sharing the poll. most of us agree on what ships we don’t like anyway so it’s not like they were forcing people to vote for mileven. anyway even if it is rigging it’s not that deep
Yeah. They both suck. That's my point.  And even if he dropped it while alone that's beside the point, from her perspective he was into it.
Huh, yeah, I can see that appeal. Never considered that angle before. Thanks for explaining!
Pedophilia is way worse than headcanoning a character as queer?? The two are not even comparable??
>Pedophilia is barely worse than homosexuality  You really told on yourself there
none of those characters are confirmed as straight, and a potential relationship between a supposedly straight and gay character is not comparable to pedophilia
Eh I ship Byler but Mileven isn't exactly the worst ship..   All cannon ships should be in the top 10 no matter what Imo.
The poll litterally got crossposted to tumblr, so yes, it got mass voted by tumblr bylers, which isn't exactly fair💀
The shippers that hate the actual ship of the show so much they’d vote it out before significantly worse choices shows toxic tendencies
it was a few hundred people from tumblr who brigaded...total votes were only 2800 out of a million subscribers of this subreddit for the first poll split 16 ways so they only needed a few hundred votes.  They are just an active and vocal minority.
exactly lol me, silent byler here   i rarely comment, and just read other people's after being attacked and downvoted here for showing support for byler like last summer after volume 2 dropped
Hello, another silent Byler here reporting for duty ✋
They complain Bylers are intervening on the results of the first round by sharing the poll on Tumblr, but they also have their own ways of maintaining their Mileven heaven here on Reddit by reporting and downvoting pro-Byler and anti-Mileven content until they're suspended/deleted, and also by distributing awards to pro-Mileven content to boost them. This behavior creates a false sense of reality here lmao  It's not that Bylers aren't on Reddit. Many of us are here daily reading  stuff or talking about other topics. We just don't talk about our ship that much to avoid drama, since the few Bylers who share their thoughts here receive a poor treatment.
I like Byler (I’m not a wild shipper tho), but I obviously know that the van moment isn’t the best scene in the show.  Also, bylers weren’t united to delete a specific scene.  Two Will scenes got very far, tho.
but many will scenes got pretty far. and most bylers are pro-will.
fans of other ships are free to share the link with their community? just because there are a lot more bylers on tumblr and we decided to vote on it doesn’t mean that everyone else has to stay in the subreddit
Times Mike has stated his love to El: 9 Times Mike has stated his love to Will: 0  Bye.
Stop stop you don't have to flame them this hard, they're already dead!! XD
Jesus Christ, it ain’t that deep.
mike and will are friends, nothing more, mike made it very clear and will already accepted it
The pedo is Lonnie's gf Cynthia in s1 making a suggestive comment about Johnathan who was 16 at the time
Thank you for clarifying that. I know people say it doesn't matter, but I don't like how social media has watered down this term so much throwing it basically everywhere. Definitions are important! Words have power!   That aside, Billy and Karen definitely get my next vote ew
Outside influences are rigging. Sure, it's an open poll, but I'm not naive enough to pretend that a mass influx of voters being brought by someone popular isn't rigging.
Yeah, you have a point. They were trying to tell us he had issues due to his mom's abandonment.
In my opinion, it’s the only ship that could actually make sense if the writers wanted it to.
No problem, and thanks for taking the time to think about it too!
People are saying my comment is homophobic when there's nothing about gay characters at all in it, and that it's pedophilia support, when I literally say the ship is bad.  Meanwhile we've got you saying I'm making you seem worse when you literally shipped a child and an adult together.
so where are all the mileven sub bros that should have been voting? most byler posts get run off this sub instantly, so if they really had an issue, they would have been flocking to vote byler out. but that just didn't happen. and yes, this sub lives in a bubble. there are MANY more bylers out there in the wild than you think there are. and we are on this sub.
*a lot of people vote for their least favorite ship in a poll where you're supposed to vote for your least favorite ship*  *are called toxic for it*  ooookay 🙄
>I obviously know that the van moment isn’t the best scene in the show.  Who said that? The point is, people voted for their LEAST favorite scene, and a significant part voted for the van scene early on, even though it tends to be well liked amongst bylers (they wouldn't vote for it to be a least favorite). This is an indicator that a good portion of this subreddit either doesn't like this ship, or doesn't really care about it.
most bylers are will fans lol  the van scene was voted out due to people who hate byler on here. obviously we didnt have a way of protecting it since byler shippers weren't "united" on any another choice to eliminate, unlike that first round for the ship poll i guess
But now that Mileven is eliminated, is there really that much of a need to coordinate the votes? Could you all not just vote for your own choices to eliminate rather than the one that whoever organises the group tells you to, or is ensuring Mike/Will finishes 1st really that important to you?  At the end of the day, it’s a harmless poll so you are of course free to do as you wish, and I do think all the people crying “rigged” are taking it too seriously. Just personally think that collective voting is a bit extreme.
Ready for the downvotes. The only other couples who said ILY to each other were Steve/Nancy and Jason/Chrissy, and both were couples that didn't work and had problems in their relationship base (not knowing each other well, idolization issues, lack of talking, pretending to be someone else to impress the partner, etc), so...   All the other canon couples who actually work only have to show it and not tell it. And, also, when they have problems, which is normal, they solve it by talking and not by other people's intervention, especially by one of the sides of the love triangle reassuring the center's insecurities by veiled confessing their love and crediting the other side.
>Times Mike has stated his love to El: 9 Times  "The Lady Doth Protest Too Much, Methinks."  *- William Shakespeare*
no not “bye.” Everything I said is objectively true, and since you have no response to any of that, you cling to the “love confession monologue” which explicitly contradicts the writers distaste for the love at first sight trope, contradicts what Mike himself said in the prior episode, contradicts El’s own wishes (to not be seen as a superhero), doesn’t result in Mike and El talking afterward like one might expect for a couple entering their endgame era (instead she’s clearly mad at him), is based on a miscommunication painting plotline and fueled by the words and affections of Will, and is (intentionally) void of anything concrete, anything that shows why he is allegedly romantically in love with her. Ask yourself why the show makes a big deal out of Mike SAYING I love you to El instead of showing us HOW he loves her. The only other couple that showcased this was Stancy, and look how that ended up for them. Lumax, Jancy, and Jopper all SHOW their loves for each other without needing to rely on WORDS (something that is emphasized when Lucas tells Max, “I don’t need a letter”). Now which couple did the show highlight the use of letters again? Hmmm. What makes Byler so beautiful is because Mike SHOWS his love for Will through his ACTIONS (see the entirety of season 1 and 2), and he also shows his love for Will through more meaningful phrases that show his love without needing to explicitly monologue, “I love you.” The scenes are numerous, but some examples include the crazy together scene in S2, the “Hawkins, it’s not the same without you” scene in S4, and biking in the pouring rain to apologize to Will in S3. With regards to the crazy together scene, this is explicitly romantically coded within the show not just because of the cinematography and shots used, but because of the words used in another part of the show: “only love makes you that CRAZY or that stupid.” Mike attempts to RECREATE this moment with El in s3 but it doesn’t WORK because the writers are intentionally showing us (the viewers) why he is meant to be with Will and not with El.
It is, though. Stranger Things is a show or INCREDIBLE depth, where literally every frame has intentionality placed into it. This is something the writers have confirmed and something that you can see for yourself if you watch the show carefully and pay attention to the details. This is a show built by nerds who are obsessed with movie references and intentional cinematography. While causal fans can enjoy it, it’s not created FOR the General Audience. The Duffers have set up a rich story with nuances and everything really does matter.
First of all, Will didn’t “accept” anything. He’s still very madly in love with Mike by the end of season 4. Second of all, have you ever watched a movie or TV show? When has a character protesting, “we’re friends, we’re friends” EVER meant that they are “friends and nothing more”? Literally in the history of storytelling??? It’s MIKE who made the conversation explicitly romantic and exposed himself. Will was just asking his best friend why he didn’t write him. If Mike has no idea that Will has feelings for him, literally no idea (which the writers and actors have made crystal clear), then that means the romantic implications came from Mike’s own mind. Which is pretty sus. Mike Wheeler, I know what you are.
Also not pedo, but still gross. Pedophiles are attracted to prepubescent kids, ie a 16 year old is way too old for them. Hebephelia is the attraction to underaged teenager.
I could know someone from since they were born wait till there 18 fuck them and itd still be legal and by definition NOT pedophilia the knowing someone before they leave minor status is irrelevant more creepy yes but ultimately irrelevant
Yes! I think most of Billy's choices around women, partying, drinking, and even the obsession with his looks and working out, all stemmed from his abandonment issues and not feeling worthy of love. Basically as if he was becoming what everyone around him told him he was. That is why I find him sympathetic to some degree. But, he also is a character who perpetuates the cycle of abuse, instead of someone like Will or Jonathan, who choose to stop the cycle, even with their own personal trauma and pain.  Additional thought: I think this is why his story was so emotional at the end of season three, because in that tiny moment before he died, he at least remembered that he was indeed loved. And he sacrificed himself as an act of love towards Max and saving them.  I would have liked to see his character live actually, because I think seeing how that would have changed him for the better and seeing him make amends would have been a really good story.  BUT obviously his death was necessary because we would have never gotten Max's beautiful storyline in season 4. It had to happen, it makes narrative sense. It wasn't a cheap death.
Arghhhhhh, I hate stupid online miscommunication, imma just go and delete the comment
The irony of Byler fans hiding in the closet for fear of homophobic bullies, just like Will
Yes, I think so many people on this Subreddit are not aware how people on other platforms talk about how they stopped trying to post anything on Reddit. Sure, among those are certainly people who made some cringe and toxic posts but the majority of people actually got attacked / mass-downvoted / reported for very innocent and constructive pro-Byler comments.   Somewhere else in this thread you mentioned how there are actually quite a number of Byler shippers on this sub but they learnt how to post more carefully and leave the "I personally ship Byler" out of their comments. Because while the post may have a ton of upvotes without the poster giving their bias away, it probably would have been downvoted / reported if the bias is included.  Though honestly, the worst part are not the downvotes. The worst are attacks from hard-core Mileven shippers who do not focus on what you said but often throw other people's arguments at your head to twist your words or insult you on a personal level.   Because of that the hardcore Mileven shippers on this sub have convinced themselves that Byler shippers are a minority, but oversee how many "closeted" posters and silent readers are there on this sub. And Reddit should be open for all fans not just a certain bubble.   That put aside, I am also definitely a Byler shipper but I probably would have voted out like five other ships before I would think about voting out Mileven.  Though it was definitely "interesting" to see how some hard-core Mileven shippers then immediately continued to blame ALL Byler shippers for Mileven's early exit.
That being their least favorite over stoning Billy and Karen is what’s weird.
yeah that’s what i’m saying. i’m just talking about the fact you said it ruins the fun when really it’s just as fair because the people on tumblr are a part of the fandom too
Exactly! I don’t know why they think that Mike saying I love you to El nine times in a monologue (after struggling with it all season) is somehow evidence that SUPPORTS their case.
Thanks for the response. Regarding the comparison with Chrissy/Jason, I don’t really think we got enough insight into that relationship to use it as a strong comparison with Mike and Eleven’s.  The Nancy/Steve one is actually interesting. They broke up because Nancy realised she didn’t love Steve like he loved her. Fast forward to season 4 and Mike is going through a similar issue in that El has been open of her love for him, whereas he’s struggling to do the same. The key difference now is that whilst Nancy’s arc lead to her growing apart from Steve and towards Jonathan, as well as a realisation that she didn’t love Steve, Mike’s went in the opposite direction. He made it clear to the viewers his feelings for El, and why he was struggling to verbalise them, and they were very different to Nancy’s. And it eventually lead to him making his choice and declaring his love for her. I know people like to criticise the fact that it was spurred by Will’s confession, but I don’t recall Will telling him to state that he doesn’t know how to live without her, or that he’s loved her since he met her. That was all Mike.  So the writers did have the chance to go down the same route as Nancy/Steve, but they actively chose to bring Mike/El back together. And from what Finn has said about that monologue, they were excited to do so.  Sorry this got so long, didn’t mean to throw a wall of text at you lol.
Holy fuck you're chronically online. It's just a show dude,it's really not that deep.
if it didn't already happen before this will be it, it just reflects reality because irl gays like their friends but their friends have no interest in them, it happens a lot.  he didn't need to have romantic implication to know how ridiculous and insulting it was that will compared himself to el, it makes perfect sense that mike put will in his place by telling him exactly what they are, friends.
yeah I would delete my original comment too but from the replies to it you'd think I was covering up some horrible comment, so I'm going to leave it
The amount of closeted Bylers I see here lmao It's noticeable by some of their arguments and the way they choose their words to avoid backlash.
It’s ironic alright. This was a moment where people that lean towards disliking mileven were able to express that opinion without the post immediately being downvoted into oblivion or deleted.   And for it to be deemed “rigged” after bylers have been continuously voting in all the other games OP has posted just because it went a way people on this sub don’t like says it all.  Also the amount of vitriol in the comments makes it clear its less to do with the byler shippers and more to do with the hatred of the possibility of mike loving will back.  No ones saying it’s going to happen. We don’t write the show. Therefore, neither people who support mileven or byler will know the final ending, What people who support the byler ship are saying is that it’s a POSSIBILITY given what has been presented in the show, and therefore it’s a valid ship to support in a realistic way as far as being canon in the show, in addition to in a fanon way.   And it’s valid even if that goes against the main couple of the show. I’m not sure why that rubs people the wrong way.  Is it because they are gatekeeping Mike? Is it because they can’t fathom that the lead male character might choose the quiet boy over the superhero girl? Is it for some other reason I’m missing?  And my other point is that there is nothing wrong with El and Mike moving on from each other. There is nothing wrong with them growing in directions that don’t mesh. It doesn’t mean that Mike loved El any less and vice versa. It doesn’t mean that their relationship doesn’t matter and wasn’t valid. It doesn’t mean you can’t still root for Mileven, but to bring down someone else for interpreting what was presented in the show differently and forming different opinions about certain characters just because it goes against the original main ship is ridiculous.
People don't dislike Byler shippers because they're homophobic, they dislike them because they ship Mike with El or just don't like ship wars.
Billy and Karen wasn't even an option during the first round when mileven was voted out. And Ted/Karen is just too forgettable of a ship to be many people's "least favourite"  People are passionate about ships lol
It’s more so the collective voting part that ruins the fun in my opinion, not so much the fact that people from Tumblr are joining. The idea of the poll is to vote out the option that you like the least, but basing your vote on what your collective group is also voting for contradicts that.
Also, saying it 9 times simply takes the supposed special aspect of it away. Just like when Laurie confessed to Jo in Little Women (2020).  And all the situation was weird: without the couple having a single meaningful heart-to-heart to work their problems; in public; in a moment of distress to save El; pushed by Will; Mike being reminded of Will's veiled confession and painting that made he feel loved and better about himself; with Will in frame; the love confession being forever symbolically linked to what El consider her great loss (Vecna is still alive, the apocalypse started and Max is in coma) - it could've been worse (El and Max dying), yes, but everyone (the characters and the writers) still called it a loss, even before Will revealed Vecna was still alive; and Mike and El not having a single scene alone together after that (not having a one to one scene in the epilogue is very weird, since the epilogue of each season usually hints the next season's dynamics and plotlines).
I mean cinema and television are both art forms. Would you tell someone that they’re being too deep for analyzing a song, especially if it’s written by an artist known to craft poetic lyrics? Then how can you say someone is being “too deep” for having media literacy and analyzing a show beyond its surface level, especially when it’s literally a fact that the writers and set designers include considerable amount of detail in Stranger Things? I’m not making things up; these are literal facts. But I’m sorry you’d prefer to engage with the show on a surface-level and accept everything at face value. Couldn’t be me tho 😬
that’s not how it works.. you don’t need to look that deep into the show if you don’t want, but they’re right. it’s nothing to do with being chronically online, you’re just using it to be rude and dismissive. everything on the show is done intentionally and there’s nothing wrong with people talking about it.
Yes, unrequited love happens in real life and fiction, but no one writes a slow burn unrequited love story between two best friends, especially not a queer one, in the year 2023. And the second sentence? I’m sorry, that’s so ridiculous to me. INSULTING? What was insulting about Will said to Mike? They are supposed to be best friends, and they ARE (something Mike re-confirms in his “Hawkins, it’s not the same without you” speech later on). So you agree with Mike that it’s gay to write letters to your best friend? Or to call your best friend on the phone? What about any of that is inherently romantic unless you’re already making it romantic in your mind? You don’t write your friends? That’s not “comparison.” That’s an honest question that a hurt best friend deserves to ask. Is Will supposed to have no feelings or emotions at all and just accept weird treatment from his closest and oldest friend? What’s your explanation for the weird airport hug? If Mike doesn’t know about Will’s feelings, then it can’t be because he was awkward about it due to being straight. Mike hugs lots of guys just fine in s4? Why did he struggle with hugging his best friend? Is it gay to hug your friends? “Mike put Will in his place.” Okay. Again. That shows that you’ve never watched any movie or show and paid attention. Because saying, “We’re friends. We’re friends” is simply not something that characters who are “just friends” do in media. But let’s assume for a second that’s what happened. You think a show that is centered on non-conformity would have one of their main teenage characters functionally be homophobic and cruel to their best friend (that they promised to go crazy together with) and “put them in their place” like some kind of animal??? You think it makes more sense that the Duffers have written a deeply homophobic and rude boy (who also struggles with saying ILY to his girlfriend for some reason) than that the Duffers are writing a slow burn, queer, childhood best friends to lovers story??? And you’re OKAY with that?
Good idea
There is always a need to dance around the subject and use certain language to avoid directly addressing it. Otherwise, no one will listen to you.
I mean even if it doesn't happen it's ok to support a non canon ship. Jeez people take things so seriously when it comes to ships, they're just ships. It's not some massive crime that Mileven got voted out first. Across all fanbases on the internet this is the only place I've ever seen that rabidly likes Mileven, tumblr,twitter,tiktok are all mostly Byler. Mileven just doesn't have a very crazy amount of fans.  Even on this subreddit, which is probably the most supportive Mileven space on the internet, it's not even the most popular ship. Lumax, Jopper, and Chriseddie are all more liked on this subreddit. It's easily the least popular canon ship among the fanbase.  It makes perfect sense it got voted out first when you consider the format.   I don't really and have never cared for Byler(Im ngl Im the biggest idiot and didn't even realize the gay subtext with Will until the 4th season) but this subreddit is absolutely obsessed with hating on Byler in like every thread involving either Mike or Will when it's literally just fan poll and other fans you can ignore since they aren't even on the subreddit.  Mileven shippers are free to come out and vote for stuff if they disagree, they just didn't because they don't really exist in great numbers.
Nah, nah, don't try this please. They are literally nothing that imply Mike love Will, he is his friend that's all. On the contrary, the story has shown pretty clearly that Mike and El deeply love each other; there is no possibility that Mike love Will like he wants. I understand that you feel bad for Will, because he can't get the love he wants from Mike, but it's not a reason for Mike to out of nothing loving him back. It's the same as saying Mike love Lucas, it doesn't make sense.
that could be the case but a lot of people on tumblr that voted did agree. why would someone vote for a ship that they liked?
And a lot are voting for who they’re told to vote for. Someone literally asked on the Tumblr “who are we voting for today?”.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Did Vecna behead her?
¯⁠\⁠_⁠(⁠ツ⁠)⁠_⁠/⁠¯
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Didn't try any other flavor but Jalepeno Pineapple and you know what, I'm a changed man. That shit was delicious.
These are actually really good.
They are still selling this? I haven’t seen the pizza since last summer.
Marketing for the win!
i had one yesterday, the supreme version! found at frozen section of walmart, and it was delicious!
It's available in Walmart
It’s so good just looking at it makes me hungry
They don’t taste frozen
Palermo's Pizza 🍕
How was it?
I’ve heard such mixed reviews on these. Many people say they are practically inedible, but then other people say they’re the best pizza they’ve ever had.   Almost feel like the marketing team is hard at work on that one…
To all the haters: Try before you deny!
bacon, pineapple and jalapeño has beenny favorite for decades
I saw this (still) at Walmart pretty recently.
Really great! I enjoyed it.
Wow!
Yep, still available at my local Walmarts as well
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Honestly, Season 4 is totally worth it. Like, i won't give you any details, but that one scene in S4E4... Art. Period. There's a reason S4 made Running Up That Hill top the charts (which, mind you, it had never done until then in its 37 year existance) and had it remain there for months.
If you're unsure how you feel about the other seasons, you might want to put your time into something else.
Yes.
Yes you should start it but only when you decide how you feel about the other seasons. Its a show that heavily builds on each season so I personally wouldn't waste s4 and its intensity until youre absolutely pumped out about watching it after watching the other seasons :)
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
He *was* still a bad guy.   He genuinely believed that Eddie was a delusional murderer and rather than letting the cops handle it he thought that he knew better and could do better than them. He wouldn't listen to anyone else because he had too much self-importance. He wouldn't listen to the cops, his friends, or Lucas at any point when anyone ever tried to give him more information than what he already had.  And this self-aggrandizing behavior is also not exclusive to Chrissy death (nor is his penchant for violence judging by the fact his friends weren't at all shocked when he started attacking people), we see him argue with the basketball coach at the game ignoring what the coach is saying and insisting that he's a winner and if he gets the ball he will find a way to win because winners always do. And had it not been for Lucas they would have lost that game because of Jason.  Not to mention the manipulations he uses like at the pep rally, saying in front of the whole school that if they don't win a basketball game then everyone who died in the mall fire died "for nothing." Like how does that not give you the ick about this guy right off the bat? I will never understand.  It also doesn't matter if Jason "thought he was doing the right thing" because at the end of the day, he *wasn't*, and he wouldn't hear out anyone who told him anything but praise.
How would Wayne Munson feel about Jason?  Wayne doesn't know anything about the Upside Down, but he does know that his nephew Eddie is a sweet kid who could never have committed this murder.   So when Wayne sees Jason riding around down with his buddies, all armed with baseball bats and crowbars, how do you think he feels about Jason?
Jason was a fundamentalist asshole who decided he was judge, jury, and executioner.   His motives were sympathetic to a degree. He obviously cared about Chrissy… but the reality is his actions wrought awful consequences, and he is as much responsible for his own death as Vecna (through his plan) was.   If he had stopped and really examined his actions, he could have realized he was basically selfishly looking for someone to blame for his pain. He attacked innocents and judged a man guilty with only the poorest of circumstantial evidence to go by.  The Satanic Panic had real (bad) consequences. It’s never good to act the or incite the mob.
He was a bad guy.   He got guns. He armed his friends too. He hunted down kids to try and get to Eddie. He intimidated and scared people. He riled the whole town up against the main gang declaring them devil worshippers and that they all needed to be caught.   He went through a lot and was trying to deal with some horrible things but the way he reacted was not the way a good guy reacts.
The fan base is really split on him.  His character is really torn up after losing his g/f.  His good and bad side really tears him in two.
A lot of Eddie's storyline seems to be based on the real satanic panic that was happening in the 80s and how people who were innocent got convicted for murders they didn't commit. Satanic Panic did a lot of actual harm and damage to people, especially those who would be deemed as part of the counter-culture of the time.  So yes, Jason was a bad guy. Lots of people have done evil and wrong things while thinking they were the good guy.  We could also dig deeper into it and see that Jason as a villain that was made, not born and that a lot of the people that supported and "created" him are going to walk free with no consequences and treated him as expandable.
Jason was a boneheaded jock who probably never actually earned his grades because of his status as an athlete. He certainly hadn't developed any critical thinking skills, which made him a mark for 1980s whackjob paranoia like the "Satanic panic".
He was a bad guy. You can argue motivations, but not if he was a bad guy. Genuinely believing you're doing the right thing by assaulting people is still assault and doesn't make you a hero, it makes you a villain with a sob story.  One, people like him existed, harassed and assaulted innocent daycare workers even (because they thought their children were being hurt), fabricated evidence and made false confessions to get innocent people arrested or lynched (because they thought D&D and metal is from the devil - storyline based on a specific case like this). The kids who attacked and killed Sophie Lancester may have been like him. The people terrorizing kids at drag queen story time are often like him. People giving up jews to be taken to camps were often just afraid their kids would be used for blood sacrifice because they read it in the paper and some kid got spooked.   Two, if someone is found dead in a dealer's house, blaming it on the dealer might be logical, but it doesn't justify villainy. Eddie could have been kidnapped by the killer. Could have ran away after Chrissy had an ugly fatal reaction to some drugs - and don't say Chrissy wouldn't have done that, because she did, and deciding someone wouldn't make a decision doesn't justify assaulting a suspect.
He’s the reason max “died” so he was definitely a bad guy
if torturing people and starting a manhunt for a group of teenagers and an 11-year-old girl just bc they play d&d isn't enough to make you a bad guy, idk what does.
every leader of genocide believes they are “doing the right thing”
I did sympathize a lot with him after Chrissy death and I understand even his need of revenge. However he should never have act on it.  The respectuous thing to do for Chrissy was to support her family during their mourning and to let the police do their job. Here, he was just obstructing the investigation, which would have made him a prime suspect in a real investigation. I mean, being in a party with only drunk people as witness isn't a great aliby and no one beside Max saw Eddie at the trailer at time of the murder (not 100% sure here). And Eddie disappearance wasn't necesseraly a proof of his guilt, he could have been  presumed kidnapped or dead by the police if they went with a possible Creel copycat. I mean, it isn't unheard to find the bodies of the same murder at two differents places or to have a witness leaving a scene because they were terrorized.  And after Patrick death, Jason simply pushed a good part of the town on a witch hunt against some teens he didn't even care about, just because he was on his own crusade against Eddie. He didn't really have a good guy behavior and he showed some cult leader behaviour throughout the season.  I do think he saw himself as a good guy, as the true hero of the town, which make him being in reality the villain much more satisfying in the end.
Look up the West Memphis Three.   Fuck Jason.
Jason is the bad guy not because of motive but because of the actions he takes as he starts his campaign already assaulting Corroded Coffin  already corroding purpose. Then he see what happens to Patrick and rather than use as chance to learn. He creates his own hive mind as turn town into cult like mob that start hunting teens and children. Finally after truly twisted propose he meets his end by very facts he refused to accept due to his ego.
He attacked the Hellfire club for no reason, going to their house, destroying their equipment and almost breaking Garrets hand. Now that was a bit extreme for no reason.  He started a manhunt for Eddie and Hellfire.
It’s usually helpful if you put your thoughts into coherent sentences
His only fault is to believe Hopper is a hero.
JASON DOESNT DESERVE THE HATE HE GETS!!!   Listen, I love Eddie as much as the next person, but that’s not a valid excuse to hate Jason. He thought Eddie BRUTALLY MURDERED his girlfriend. And while he should have left it to the police (not that they’re very competent either), he’s an angsty teen (because they’re all angsty in that show), so he tried to go after Eddie himself.   He NEVER explicitly says that he’s going to kill Eddie, and while it’s definitely understandable to think that is what he intends to do (and I do think that was his intention), I think at that point he was still put together enough to not do anything drastic with Lucas around.   Furthermore, when he told Lucas no one would judge him if he didn’t go with them to hunt down Eddie, I believe he meant that. After all, only two other members of the team were going, and Lucas was three years younger than them. He didn’t have any right or reason to go with them. (Honestly, kinda confused as to why these seniors invited a freshman to hunt down who they believe to be a murderer anyways, but that’s besides the point)   He’s about to catch Eddie in the lake, when his BEST FRIEND dies in front of him in the most brutal manner possible. At this point, Jason’s sanity starts cracking a bit, like Eddie’s was when he was hiding in the shack. Eddie’s sanity was saved due to the fact that someone he trusted explained to him what was going on, but Jason had no clue what was happening and no one to clue him in either. The turning point for Jason is when, after watching Patrick die, he could easily have caught Eddie in the water, but instead, he took Patrick back to shore and cradled his broken body until the police came. I don’t know about you guys, but I would not be holding a dead body, especially one that looked like that.   At this point, it’s clear that Eddie himself isn’t the direct killer, but Jason just watched Patrick die while floating in the air with no one touching him. He doesn’t know what to think anymore, but he ends up landing on an answer that makes sense to him, the only thing it can possibly be (because how could he guess “evil science experiment from an alternate dimension?). Eddie is possessed by the devil. He believes that getting rid of Eddie will save the town, so he rallies the townspeople and they all go out in search of Eddie, though without any luck.   He seems to regain his sanity a bit with having something to do, as we see when he speaks to Nancy, though he’s definitely still a bit off his rocker. His sanity goes spiraling down again though when he’s told there’s people at the Creel house: this is FINALLY his chance to avenge his girlfriend and his best friend.   He goes into the house and goes upstairs and finds Lucas and a seemingly possessed girl. Lucas tries to explain himself, but that’s where Jason and Eddie differ. Eddie had Dustin to explain the Upside Down to him, who he trusted, whereas Jason never fully trusted Lucas in the first place, and stopped trusting him completely upon discovering he was part of Hellfire. According to Jason, Lucas is another part of Eddie’s cult, whether he means to be following the devil or not, he still is, and he needs to be stopped. Jason needs to save this girl from the fates of Chrissy and Patrick.   Obviously, he’s making everything worse, and yes, Max almost dies because of it (well technically she does, but Eleven brings her back), but he really does think he’s saving her from the devil. Jason is then split in half (with some great foreshadowing in episode two) and vaporized by the gate opening. I don’t think he should have died, he was a great character who really showed how the “normal” citizens of Hawkins reacted to all the “bad luck” hitting their small town. Especially because all he was trying to do was prevent more murders, he was just going about it ENTIRELY wrong.
In my opinion, Jason is the worst kind of villain because he is a "real life" villain. He is intelligent, handsome, and charming enough to rally an entire town into going after an innocent group of outsiders. His speeches, even from his very first scene he is in at the pep rally used language that was manipulative and misinformed. He then used his manipulation tactics to further his personal agenda/vendetta against Eddie and Hellfire and anything that went against the status quo he deemed "righteous" and "correct" in Hawkins. He represents everything the Duffers have made clear in their writing that they are against.  He's the classic Puritanical villain on a witch hunt. He used his gender, his whiteness, and his sway (popularity) in the town to target and try to destroy people who he deemed unworthy because they were different. He is scary because he is someone we all know. He is a real life threat. He's literally the human embodiment of "forced conformity is killing the kids".  And the worst part of him is...that he fully and one hundred percent believes that he's doing the right thing. He's the Savior.
Jason turned into a murdering psychopath after losing his girlfriend.  He also ignored everyone and made up his mind.  Vecna was tortured basically his entire life, had no attachments as a child, watched others get tortured, and went offensive on humanity in his 30s.  On top of that, Vecna seems to take no joy in killing.
Eh. I'm split in two about him.
Like Brenner thought he was doing the right thing too. Vecna/Henry thinks he's doing the right thing. Does that mean they're not antagonists? That their actions and arcs are actually fine and dandy because they think what they're doing is right despite the damage it causes?
i know we don't generally share the same views on this sub, but I one hundred percent agree. this is precisely why he is one of the scariest villains in stranger things imo. because he isn't a shadow monster or an evil wizard, he's someone we've all met before, and his actions have lasting consequences.
If you saw your friend being levitated in the air and then his eyes gouged out and his bones broken but no other human touching him what would your explanation for that be?
Bit extreme example comparing Jason to that but... actually I know man who has called for it and said related to Jason so never mind
Is there ever a “real investigation” with the Hawkins PD though?
What happened to Patrick would absolutely convince me that Eddie was guilty when he was the only person in the area.
Well yeah because in his perspective he’s the guy who killed his girlfriend
Jason had long since made up his mind at that point so this point is moot.  Had he been paying attention and objective, he would have seen that Eddie was as terrified by what was happening as he was. This would be an example of confirmation bias.  He had already violently attacked Eddie's friend at this point.
True, beside Hopper, I don't think any officer know how to do their job. Just with Chrissy injuries, they should have know something didn't match and that a young adult couldn't have commit this murder alone. Powell and Callahan are just the worst.  Still, I don't think Jason could know that before Chrissy murder, so he still shouldn't have obstruct the investigation with he revenge. However, it would have been interesting to see him nearly kill Eddie only to find out he was innocent latter in the season, just for him to see the horror of his actions and to make him realize with the bad guy of the story.
Wouldn't me as I know trauma like that can mess with perspective but Jason saw first hand that Eddie was equally treading water. So how is he killing and struggling to even float
His girlfriend was alone with a drug dealer in a trailer. She was killed in the trailer. The drug dealer disappeared before police could ask him questions.   "Had he been paying attention and objective, he would have seen that Eddie was as terrified by what was happening as he was"  How exactly would Jason know anything about how Eddie was feeling? Maybe he could have assumed Eddie disappeared because he was scared of being blamed but he also could have disappeared because he was guilty. The problem with Jason is that he didn't allow the police to conduct an investigation instead of turning into a vigilante.
Bro?? He was a little preoccupied being terrified himself to “pay attention” to Eddie, who was behind him.
Hopper didn’t do his job well either 😂😂 he didn’t get it together until about halfway through season one, after years of not having it together, then he was obstructing investigations at every turn to keep the Upside Down a secret 😂
Because Jason didn’t see Eddie in the water, his eyes were on Patrick the entire time after he got pulled underwater. He even tells the cops “he was in the boat” as he didn’t see when Eddie fell.
>The problem with Jason is that he didn't allow the police to conduct an investigation instead of turning into a vigilante.  And that's the entire point. He wanted revenge, not justice and therefore became the bad guy because he was on acting on emotion fueled by his own biases.  He didn't even give them a few hours, he was immediately saying the police weren't doing their jobs and getting his group together to go hunt down Eddie.  He's the bad guy.
Then Jason get better peripheral vision lol
Or you better get some brain cells and realize people can’t see behind them.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I like the Kas theory, but I agree, it's going to be just an hallucination or a flashback.  As an Eddie fan, it doesn't make me specially happy to have only crumbs when the show still uses him a lot to promote the show, but we are going to have a least a decent scene coming from that. Gaten is a great actor and I'm sure he's going to be great in this scene.  Still, I would prefer to not have recycled Billy scenes in season 5.
Eddie was my favorite character in the series. I hope he comes back as more than a hallucination, but it is unlikely. I’m willing to bet he will be an a hallucination.
Exactly. Many people might not like this theory, but I feel Jason could come back for Lucas just like how you mentioned if Eddie could.
Question for people (don't feel like doing a new post for this and it's somewhat related)  How **exactly** did Eddie die? Since people are discussing Eddie again I watched the scenes where Eddie and Steve are attacked by bats again. Someone on this sub posted that the tails of the bats were knives so his throat was cut but that doesn't make sense because Steve also had the bat's tail wrapped around his neck and in fact they show Steve being attacked for a longer time than Eddie.     I don't want to watch the Eddie death scene again so can someone tell me. What **exactly** was the fatal wound? I don't see his throat cut or a wound near his arteries or heart but I do see a bat biting him near his neck. Could that bat have possibly struck an artery in his neck? People don't usually die right away from wounds unless it involves a knife or a gun yet Eddie seems to die almost immediately.
I think this is about the only way Eddie makes an appearance. Either in Vecna form or flashback.   His arc closed in ST4 in an appropriate if gut-wrenching manner, and a resurrection would cheapen that. Feels like now the Duffers will wish to explore what their grief over Eddie looks like, especially for Dustin.
I want him to come back, but not immediately rejoin the group yk. I want it to be revealed that he’s alive in like episode 2 or 3, then have an alternate storyline (similar to russia/cali in S4) for an episode or 2 where he’s waking up and stumbling around trying to find The Party. Like going house to house, waiting for them to come so he can use the lights.  Even better would be him communicating with his uncle through the lights and it can be similar to what Joyce did with Will in season 1 (the duffers did say it would be like season 1)   I also feel like because there will be a time skip, he could end up somehow living in the upside down??? although 2 years is far too much to make sense so idk ab that.  in some way though, he’ll be a part of season 5- whether it be through flashbacks, hallucinations, or just coming back. I hope he does, but I honestly REALLY doubt he will unless he teams up with Vecna, comes back, then turns on him, hence the Kas theory :/
Considering the fact that Eddie is the most popular character on Stranger Things\* it would be a little insulting to throw fans a few crumbs and expect them to be happy about it. It would be better not to have Eddie in S5 than to have him show up for a few seconds as a hallucination. How about Will or Lucas is killed off at the beginning of S5 and in the last episode they show up for a few seconds as a hallucination? Would people on this sub be happy about that? I think not.   \* This is supported by data such as most searched results and social media posts. It's a fact. Not a subjective opinion. Eddie isn't popular on this sub but fans on Reddit subs don't represent most viewers as the writers on Yellowjackets are about to find out now that they continue to lose viewers every week because they were focused on keeping a small subset of fans happy.
"Dear Eddie…"
Yeah, I really hope that if Eddie comes back similar to Billy, via Vecna hallucination, that his scenes aren’t recycled.
Exactly what I think
Agreed! Except Jason wouldn’t be as psychologically painful as Eddie since Lucas didn’t really have anything too personal with Jason right?
His neck injury wasn't that bad (he was talking without trouble to Dustin after the attack) and the blood loss wasn't big enough to cause the death of Eddie (no puddle of blood on the ground). So the logical cause of his death would be an internal injury, it can kill you pretty quickly if you're unlucky.  His death was a bit of mess overall.
Agreed
This would be awesome!
When I said “in a similar way to Billy” I didn’t mean just recycling a few scenes like what they did with Billy in Season 4. All I meant was that they’d make Vecna take his form to torment Dustin. With a bunch of new major scenes.
Wait, did Max write him a letter ?
I'm afraid of that to be honest, because using the image of Eddie to guilt trip Dustin is what Vecna did with Billy and Max. It would be redundant and frustrating to have Eddie used the same way they used Billy when these character didn't have the same impact on the fandom. However, I don't see how they could used Eddie in any other way and still have a somewhat impactful scene for Dustin.  I was really into the idea to see Eddie again in some way in the show (I really love his character), but I'm pessimistic now about it. The writing of his death was already pretty bad - running was the best way to distract the bats in the time, his choice to fight them was just suicidal - so I don't have a lot of faith on this potential hallucination.
Idrk. Jason was a douche, but Lucas may have survivor's guilt. He was friends with him and his homies for a sorta long time. He basically wanted to be favored more, so that's why he joined them. But I have a feeling his homies are gonna take 'revenge.'
I think a lot of fans felt an emotional connection with Eddie and were legitimately frustrated that the working class "outcast" with no support from parents, a possible learning disability who was demonized by people in Hawkins for listening to heavy metal music was killed off in such a lazy way because the Duffers were too scared to kill off Steve.  The writers didn't even care enough to have a scene where Eddie's friends (who he sacrificed his life to save) put a guitar pick or flowers on a tombstone or bothered to tell his uncle he wouldn't be back. It's a little insulting to those fans to use his death as part of plot that has been done before. We have seen MF and Vecna possess people before. Will got possessed. Billy got possessed. It's been done already. Eddie is dead. If Eddie were to torment Dustin it would be a hallucination or dream and that just feels like more lazy writing to throw Eddie fans a few crumbs to keep them happy.
Actually I see what you mean. Good point!
That last part is something I definitely think is happening. Either that or Vecna is gonna kill them and use Jason as a tormentor to guilt trip them.
Ok, you have a bit of a point there. It COULD be a little repetitive
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I expect a teaser on ST Day this year.
Everyone will start at the same time. Start date is vague right now and they all keep saying different things because the start date keeps changing. It likely won’t be finalized until the week before they get there.   My prediction is that the cast knows they need to arrive in Atlanta in May. I’m looking at the final week of May after Memorial Day. The first week they always have luncheons and get their hair cuts, or extensions or wig fittings, whichever, and they do their final wardrobe fittings and have the table read. I think these things will happen that final week of May leading into June. And then cameras will roll the first full week of June. (This is a guess/prediction.) BUT it fits in where they keep saying “May or June” or one or the other.   We could get a teaser pretty early, but we might not either.   Season 2 began filming in November 2016 and we had a very small 30 second or so teaser at the Super Bowl in February. That teaser told us to expect the season around Halloween.   Season 3 began filming in April 2018, and in July, we got the Starcourt Mall commercial/teaser with Steve and Robin at the end at Scoops A’Hoy. The teaser was not well received by fans, but it was still a teaser, and it let us know to expect the season “next summer.”  Both of those teasers were 2 months into filming and we didn’t get any more trailers until well after the seasons had wrapped.   Then season 4 came along and we got the “From Russia, with Love” teaser with Hopper just a couple of weeks into filming, which was kind of mind blowing considering how quickly they gave it to us. The other 3 teasers (Lab, Hawkins, and California) I think were released partially due to the long wait with Covid, and partially because of the four different locations.   I have no idea if we’ll get anything like that for Season 5, especially since everything will be in just one location this time around. But I’m sure whatever they have planned will be epic and exciting!
I bleeive they've said filming starts in May
Filming - next month, teaser - could be sooner if they want but def st day we'll have one
They are not done writing yet, so they only have estimates. We’ve heard May, and we’ve heard June. Considering the fact that David Harbour tends to have accurate information and that we are in April, I think June is the safest bet.  We will not get a teaser before they are close to completing filming, so I say expect nothing before 2024. Filming for ST4 took a total of 9 months.
That is very unlikely, since they are not starting filming before June and ST day is in early November. They won’t have much footage filmed yet.
A voice of reason. Thank you!
I was just reading article that said David Harbour said it starts in June 2023 and then a paragraph later Noah Schnapp said it starts in May 2023!
filming starts in june. david harbour confirmed that.
The way you were downvoted for stating facts… every news outlet reported June. Surely the duffers would’ve shut those down if it were false.
That's five months - they'll be most of the way through principal photography.
They had a teaser ready for the 2017 Super Bowl with only three months of filming ST2.
You're assuming nothing has been filmed at all.     You're also assuming that they're still limited in shooting hours per day because of the age of the cast (the core of the cast is all 18+ now).
A few people have said May/June. The actors won't all start filming at the same time, so I'm sure some will actually be on set in May, and others not until June. As for the official  filming start date, my guess is it'll be at the end of May.
Yup Finn and Noah said May, David said June! I think it just depends on schedules and when everyone can get there. The general consensus seems to be those two months though ☺️
Noah Schnapp and Finn Wolfhard said May.   My guess is late May then.
David said he starts filming in june, finn and noah said may, so they must start in may..
Right. The writer’s page has been consistently shooting down false rumors for a while now.
the only thing we’ll probably get is episode titles so don’t get too excited
They do something different for every season, so who knows? I have never seen them put out a trailer until they are finished with principal photography and in post.
That type of teaser we might get.   I am always happy with content, I just don’t think they’re doing this anymore. It’s the final season, though, so who knows?
Most of the core cast was already 18 for most of ST4 filming. And what do you mean, I am “assuming” they haven’t filmed anything yet? We know they haven’t filmed anything yet!
filming starts in june for most.
not everybody starts in may
It's funny how people downvote for being realistic. It's almost as if we just want to adjust expectations, based on past experience in this fandom. The worst that can happen is you'll be pleasantly surprised.
We don't know what they have or haven't filmed yet.     We have different dates for the "start" of filming from multiple cast members.     There are elements and settings that were clearly sighted on-location and in social media posts that were not used during S4.     Specifically, the six kids in the party are all 18+ now. Being under 18 during filming for S4 severely limited how many hours they could work each day. That limit doesn't exist now.
Filming starts on the same day for everyone. The actors will have different schedules, but it seems like the official date for principal photography is in May.
"they" in that sentence meant finn and noah..sorry if it wasn't clear - i am aware not everyone starts in may
for real. they have not been paying attention these past few years.
You got downvoted because you're wrong. There may not have a teaser in November, but that would have nothing to do with not having enough footage.
>We don't know what they have or haven't filmed yet.  They finished the Episode 1 script a few months ago. They posted that online. The cast was busy back then and they are clearly not filming now. How on earth would they have filmed much?  It is entirely possible that they filmed a bit of footage with ST4, but that surely was not a lot!   > Being under 18 during filming for S4 severely limited how many hours they could work each day.  Sadie, Gaten and Caleb were all over 18 for most of ST4 filming. Finn was 18 for all of the California stuff. Only Noah and Millie were under 18, and those work hours are not nearly as limited as with younger children. The cast is also significantly larger not than it was in previous seasons.   All I am saying is that we should adjust expectations. Assuming they will wrap filming in 6 months is not really reasonable. They never have, even with shorter seasons and a smaller cast. What's the worst that can happen? You'll be pleasantly surprised?
not correct
I actually agreed with you on that type of teaser, so I am not quite sure why you are feeling the need to be this aggressive.
[removed]
How is that incorrect? If some cast members star filming in May, then principal photography starts in May. The rest will join.
[removed]
They will all start at the same time and do their table read. We do not know if it will be May or June yet. We do not have a confirmed date.   We can only guess, and my guess is June, based on the fact that we are in April and they are still writing.
in June
1) They started filming ST4 in January 2020 (r February idr) in Europe with some cast members, and then had a table read with the whole cast in March. We have no idea if location filming will be needed before Atlanta, or if a group will have to come earlier. No idea!   2) The show has never started filming with finished scripts. The scripts are usually half-way done and the writers finish while other directors film. That could be the case this time too. We also have no idea of how far they are with the scripts. They started in August. They could be done in a few weeks.  3) May has 31 days. We're in early April, if they start in late May, that's a little under two months. That seems like a reasonable amount of time before filming, especially since pre-production has already started according to people.  I don't even care when they film. There's only a few days from May to June. But I don't get why if two actors insist that filming is in May, some people weirdly insist that you know better and it must be June.
You are contracting yourself by saying that not everyone starts in May. If the Duffers and the crew are behind the camera to film for ST5 in May, even with only one cast member, then filming starts in May.  That's how it works.
It’s funny how you complain about people insisting that they know, when you are here doing the same. I said “we can only guess”, since we have conflicting information.   I suppose we’ll have to wait and see when they start filming, won’t we? See you then!  Also:  1. ST4 filmed in different locations. ST5 will not. All other seasons that filmed only in Atlanta had the cast start filming at the same time, with a table read first. The table read usually happens on Friday or Thursday before they start filming on Monday.   2. The Duffers specifically said they will only start filming when they finish all the scripts. Did you miss that? I can link you to the interview.  3. Yes, that is why I didn’t rule out May, I just think it will be June.
While it’s true that all previous seasons have began filming with only the first half of the scripts being complete, even S4, Ted Serandos and everyone at Netflix loved the fact that the Duffers finished the scripts during the pandemic break before they started filming again. So for S5, they requested for all scripts to be complete before filming begins. This is confirmed.   S4 has also been the only season to ever begin filming on location before the table read. The Duffers have confirmed that Atlanta is the only filming location for this season, so I have no reason to believe they would start prior to the table read with the full cast.
you’re not comprehending. some people might be starting to do stuff in may but production on everything doesn’t start until JUNE. there is a reason why netflix went after david for saying that.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Vote Here : https://www.mtv.com/movie-and-tv-awards/vote/best-show  You can give up to 20 votes for each category
Thanks for this reminder! Def making sure to vote daily!
They all deserve to win their category.
I gave all my 20 votes for Sadie she did amazing this season and she deserves to win
The show definitely deserves recognition! Lots of people worked so hard for this season! They got my votes! For all categories. ❤️❤️ ❤️
I love Stranger Things, don't get me wrong, but there are much better performances and shows nominate dto vote for. I would vote for ST, but there's a lot of other good options too.
Millie did amazing this season. Giving her all my votes
How the fuck did that get nominated for best fight
Just gonna put it out there. Anything involving The Last of Us gets my vote over Stranger Things Seasons 4. The Last of Us was the literal defition of a chefs kiss
Honestly, I probably won't be giving my votes for anything except Sink's and Quinn's performances. The season was fine, but compared to some other shows last year, Stranger Things has no shot trying to win in those for me.    And a best villain award for Vecna? If Vecna is nominated for a best villain role, I'd rather vote for any mid 2000s comic book movie villain if I could
No hate, but I would definitely rather cast my votes for Riley Keough in Daisy Jones and The Six. That was an electric performance.   Like I said no hate for Sadie, but between the options she’s like 3rd place for me in this category.
They really should win every single category. There's not a show anywhere at this time that matches Stranger Things.
Sadie Sink was far from the the best performer on ST.
She's so flawless as Eleven I feel like we sometimes take her and that performance for granted.   This season, on top of the acting she also directed the child actress playing younger Eleven and did the facial expression work to play Eleven, aged eight. A powerhouse, and she's still a teenager!
She did amazing in every season. ❤️
Agreed. She's always perfect.
Lucas and Jason had a better fight tbh lol
Please vote for whichever you want. I just post here to the fans who would like to vote. Since this is Stranger Things subreddit ✌🏾
Ita just because Pedro Pascal has become a meme, ST is far better imo
How is he not a good villain?
Least braindead redditor
Ofc. You can vote who you love. It’s your opinion
Nope I disagree I think the Last Of Us was better then ST S4. Like if it was Stranger Things as a whole maybe I'd vote for more ST but it isn't and ST S1 and S3 were better than S4 for me.
Here's a few of my reasons:   •His dialogue and lines are so bad. He talks like every cliche villain in stories I've read or seen. Extremely serious, endless threats that you've heard in dozens of different stories and no memorable lines. Also, his monologues are tiresome and way too long. Especially in S4 finale, where Vecna's monologue takes so much time   •He has the personality of a cardboard box. If I'd ask someone a personality trait from Vecna, I'd probably get back with adjectives like "evil", "vengeful" or something as generic as that.   •Vecna shouldn't be the big bad of the show. Not only was his reveal really clumsy, but Vecna makes the world of Stranger Things so much smaller and ties everything wayy too much. Especially if the upcoming First Shadow tries to tie Henry into Joyce or Hopper, then I'll lose my mind. That starts to read like fan-fiction.   And secondly, I don't want the main villain of Stranger Things be an edgelord that loves spiders, hates time and speaks like an r/antiwork moderator. His motivation is so boring and done a dozen of times, there's no reason for him to be bad. It doesn't need to be sympathetic, but Henry just is evil.   Last but not least, he is the laziest villain I've seen from this show. His motivation? Basically non-existent. Personality? Nope. Dialogue? Nothing he says is something I haven't heard in every other Sci-Fi fantasy story. He could've been interesting, but he is so barebones and feels like a parody instead of an actual character.   (I'm tired as hell, but he also isn't even threatening. He loses way too many times for me to see him as a credible threat, especially when 8yo Eleven banishes him to the Upside Down.)
Someone doesn't agree with the popular consensus = braindead
I think that S4 was the best in ST, 1,2,3 also very good
I hope he isn’t the final bad either.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
100% agree! Nothing beats the first season!
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I was the age of the main characters at the time the show is set. I was totally Dustin, so he’s my favorite.
1. Steve (we love Steve <3) 2. Hopper (I honestly wish he was my dad I love him) 3. Eddie? (I'm also a metalhead so...)  and then idk
1. Mike is my favourite character his loyalty and emotional resilience are incredible.   . 2. Vecna I am a massive fans of Villains and as Vecna is embodiment of going against the core theme of the show it makes incredible antagonist.  3. Will the idea of someone mature into there sexuality yet same time longing for the past is amazing and looking forward massively to see how it plays out season 5 (even if I have my own theories).  4. Robin her hyperactive nature is incredibly relatable to me and her being able to be up beatin face of danger speak volumes to being able to boost moral.  5. Steve he is perfect example of how to take stereotype and flip it on it head and orgin of how it all happened is peak behind the scene wholesomeness.
Lucas has always been my favorite since the beginning.  Always thought that Caleb brought something special to the role and the character just has a personality I could relate to.  I actually watched the show first for Winona since I’ve been a long term fan of hers but came out with a love for Lucas.  After Lucas I would say I like Max and El equally and then Erica (prefer season 4 Erica though).
My main favorite is definitely Mike followed by Steve, Eleven, Hopper, and Dustin in no particular order.
Steve, Max, Robin, Nancy in that order
1 - Mike, 2- El, 3 - Lucas
Nancy is my number #1. I started watching the show in season 4, and she kinda shined for me the most during this season. After I watched the other seasons, the feeling didn’t change and I still find her the most relatable character. Robin is my number #2. I love her personality and her intelligence, and she reminds me of some close friends
Mikes been my fav since season 1. Steve is a close second
Steve. I loved him all through season 1. He made some bad choices but it always felt like his heart was in the right place. When he went to Jonathan’s to apologize to him he moved up high on the list for me. When he immediately became concerned with Nancy’s hand after she cut it to lure the demogorgan despite being beat to hell I fell in love even more. Then when he ran back into the Byers house he stole my heart completely 🥰. Everything after that character arc wise for him has been just *chefs kiss*
Mike Wheeler is and always has been my favorite character. Smart, resourceful, modest, caring and nerdy. He’s the heart for a reason.
1# Lucas 2# El 3# Max 4# Mike
Eleven, Max, Eddie, Steve from 1 to 4. El always pulls on my heartstrings and for me, if she wasn’t in an episode, i would skip it if it was not for the rest of the cast and storyline 😂
Dustin and steve
Steve!!
Steve- his character development throughout the seasons is great.  Eddie- basically showing to not judge a book by its cover.   Season 4 Robin  Season 2 mike
mike always
Hum, Will wasn't the leader in season 1, he has never been. And season 2 is like one of the best season of the show ? Whatever, my favorite characters are probably Mike, Eleven and Will. Also Dustin, he is too funny.
> hes the leader in season 1  You might wanna rewatch season 1.
Dustin’s my favorite! Season 1, episode 1, immediately captured my heart.
1: Joyce Byers. 2: Jim Hopper. 3: Enzo. 4: Murray Bauman. I love the adults, okay.
Murray, guys the 🐐
Robin, Dustin, Steve, Murray
1. Will 2. Joyce 3. El 4. Max or Mike
My favourites are 1) Mike and 2) Eleven.
Definitly lucas is my numero uno, as basiclly the only black character in the show till erica came (and stole his spotlight) i find he's i little under rated, i mean i know he's starting to get more love after season 4, but i have a really strong feeling that he's gonna be sidelined again in season 5.
1. Steve 2. Hopper 3. Dustin 4. Eddie 5. Seasons 1 and 2 Mike 6. Jonathan
Mike Eleven Steve Lucas  In that order. Everyone else kinda goes up and down depending on where I am in a rewatch.   And lol… OP… Will was not the leader in ST1. He was the missing kid that drove the plot. You can like Will. Totes fine. But… he’s never been the leader. That would be Mike. The Duffers have said this.   Considering him nice does not make him the central character either… that would be Eleven.   So… maybe give us different reasons why you like him?
I love favorite characters post, mines don't change much, but I still love to share my top.  1. Steve Harrington. I like the fact he went against the 80's bully jock trope and he was already one of my favorite characters after the first season. Season 2 made him take the first spot in my little heart and season 3 	consolidate this for me. I wasn't fan of how they handle his relation with Nancy in season 4, but he was still the best beside this. 2. Dustin. He's my favorite kid since season 2 and even if he isn't the most developped kid of these bunch, he's still one of the most proactive kid on the show. I also like the fact he used his brain to make the plot progress. He's also a really good comic relief and has one the best dynamic of the show with Steve. 3. Joyce. I just love her, she's just a great woman who try her best as mother. She never disappoint me.  4. Nancy. I think she's one of the most well-written character on the show. She has defaults, she isn't perfect by far, but it make her much more interesting to follow. She's also such a badass. My only complaint about her is the writing of her love life. 5. Eddie. I think he's a great character and also a relatable one. Like Nancy, he's far from perfect, but he has a good heart and overcome his fear to help the gang against Vecna. My only problem about his character is how his death was written. 6. Max. I wasn't a fan of her after season 3, but her arc in season 4 made her a lot more interesting and I love how they dealt with her grief here. I also think she's fun to watch in the previous seasons. 7. Lucas. I think he's a great character and he just lacked of screentime to make him one of the best characters on the show. 8. Bob. No reason beside the fact he is Bob. 9. Robin. I like her, she's really fun to watch.  10. Hopper. Loved him in season 1 and 2, but his characterization in season 3 was horrible. It's why he's so low in my list.   I like the rest of the main cast too, they're just not my favorites.
Steeb.
1. Steve 2. Robin  3. Dustin
1. Mike, the best, the smartest, the heart of the show, ST is really about Mike for me 2. Hopper, so angsty, so capable, so cool 3. Joyce, ditzy genius, I think she's hilarious, Also, always love Winona.
1# Robin :) And my other favourites were Joyce, Max and Enzo.
Eleven is my favorite. I feel like Mike gets too much hate though. A lot of fans think he deserved to get dumped but he was trying to protect his lady from the scientists trying to harm her. In all honesty Mike is one of my favorites as well.
3. Hopper, the man I would have wanted to be when I was a boy.   2. Mike, the boy I actually was.   1. Will, the boy who deserves the world.   Honorable mention to Nancy for being slay af.
Eleven
Nancy wheeler, I love the fact she is not a Mary sue or typical female 'badass'(the ones who drop down all their feminine characteristics), she embraces her feminity, fucks up some time and fearlessly protective towards her loved ones thus making her relatable
#1 is definitely Steve for me. Then all kinda tied for next are Hopper, Max, Dustin, and Nancy. Honorable mention is Eddie.  Edit: why tf is my text so big
1. Lucas 2. Eddie 3. Jonathan  4. Nancy
Max is my favorite she has been ever since she stepped out of Billy’s car in season 2
My top 3 faves: 1. Nancy, she doesn't have powers but she's still a bad bitch. She been holding it down since season 1.  2. Eleven, she drives the show forward in so many ways, the show suffered when she was apart from the group in season 2.  3. Max, I love her sarcasm. She's so witty and her comeback game is unmatched. I also loved getting to dive deeper into Max's character in season 3, her storyline was phenomenal.  I love all the characters but those are my top 3.
Hopper hands down
I love max, will, dustin, steve, robin & also el, lucas, hop & joyce! (i love most characters but they're probably my favs)
1) Steve   2) El   3) Max
-1. Steve, Max, Dustin, Nancy, Eddie (Mike - but he dropped given his S4 story arc was practically non existing) - I used to love Eleven but after multiple interviews with MBB I found her annoying af and I cant longer separate her from her character - I've never been a fan of Will and I hate Jonathan, he sucks the air out of the room in every scene (for me). S4 Robin is getting on my nerves - Characters I did not mention I love dearly, they all are my nr.2 characters, this show truly has the best characters ever
Tie between Max, Will, and El.
Hopper.
1. will ❤️ 2. el 3. dustin 4. everyone else can’t pick
1. Robin 2. Robin 3. Robin 4. Robin 5. Robin 6. Robin 7. Robin 8. Robin 9. Dustin 10. Robin
1 - Eleven  2 - Steve  3 - Hopper
Hopper!!!
Dustin, Murray, Steve, Hopper
Dustin. In my head, he's the perfect character to narrate the epilogue.
Dustin. I've loved him since his smile at Nancy in the very first episode....  Then it would be Steve and Joyce, but Dustin is my absolute favorite character.
Will (he's probably the most relatable character. I could see myself being friends with him, and I wish we got more out of him in the show), Joyce (tbf this is probably due to me having a huge crush on Winona Ryder more than anything lmao), Robin (she's adorable lol, and she's someone I also could see myself being friends with), then Hopper (I absolutely loved watching him become a father figure to El)  Honorable mention to Chrissy bc she was really cute and I enjoyed the brief time we spent with her.
Barb
Oh gosh, hard question! They’re all wonderful and lovable (even if it’s because of how unlikable they are, ha) in their own special ways.  I love Dustin because he reminds me of myself. He is always the peacekeeper, levelheaded, quick-witted, and helps his friends see past their own bullshit. He is gentle and daring, and I love how adorable he is, especially in the first season.  I also love Mr. Clarke because he reminds me of a favorite teacher of mine from high school who was brilliant and for the kids — they way a good teacher should be.  Joyce because she is a fierce protector and mama bear, and it extends beyond just her blood children. Her scenes in season season one give me the chills (“I will leaves those lights up until the day I DIE!!!!”)  Bob Newby. Murray. Hop. Steve. Eddie 🥺❤️  How can only choose a favorite?!
I love them all, but Dustin is my favorite.  He's just so dang lovable!  I would've related to him well as a same-age peer (I'm a math and science nerd who's also into video games, and I love his quick wit, sarcastic sense of humor, and enthusiasm for life; also, I'm only a year older than the main group was in the time that it was set), or as an older teen (respecting his maturity and intelligence), but I also love him in a mom sort of way.  I wasn't into role playing games as a kid, but I would've been if it meant I could hang out with Dustin and his friends.  That first episode hooked me, even before Will disappeared-- just the dynamics of the group of boys playing D&D in the basement.  It made me wish I had friends like that.  Although I'm actually more like Will personality wise, and I love the whole group, Dustin is the one I'd most like to hang out with if I had to choose just one.    He's been my favorite since his very first scene.
alexei. where i’ve had to weigh out the pros and cons of all the other characters, i can only think happy thoughts when i think of alexei.
1. Steve, eternal legend and king of my heart til the day I die, now and forever, the personal growth is admirable, the vibe is immaculate
1. Will 2. Lucas 3. Max 4. Murray 5. Hopper  Loveeee Dustin and Steve’s dynamic and Nancy and Jonathan teaming up.
MURRAY 😉
Max and El ❤️
1. Will 2. Steve 3. Mike 4. Eleven 5. Max 6. Jonathan
𝙎𝙩𝙚𝙫𝙚 𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝙣𝙖𝙣𝙘𝙮
Steve and Dustin no explanation needed
1. Steve (I like how steve went against his stereotype and changed his attitude proving that you can be whoever you choose to be as a person, in which case steve became to the best version of himself. I also appreciate his sense of humor and the way he seems to be able to lighten situations.)  2. Mike (mike has been my favourite ever since the show came out, theres just something about him that draws me in so much. I just have so much love for this character. his emotional intelligence in incredible for his age and hes the most caring person ever. He really is the heart. i love him  3. Nancy (just absolute badass, hands down, fucking legend. i fell most in love with nancy in season 2 and 3. I love her as a person, i love how her struggles as a woman are shown on the show, i love how she handles those struggles and always comes out being better because of it. I love how shes just a regular goody 2 shoes teenager at the start of the show and slowly turns into this absolutely badass that was there all along. Shes so strong, brave and courageous, she’ll do anything for the people she loves
Dustin, Nancy, Eddie, Steve, Robin, Max — there’s so many to choose from
1. Eleven   She’s been my fav from the very beginning and I don’t think it’ll ever change. Man, I just love this kid🥺 She’s been through so much but she’s so strong. She’s a sweet girl, and everyday tries her best to do the right thing. And the writing for her is top notch  2. Steve  A character that was definitely needed in the show. Great character development and my comedic relief. Charming and I love his braveness  3. Dustin  He manages to add more with whoever he’s with on screen. Love his confidence and how he always stays true to himself. My other comedic relief.   Honourable mention: Murray. I think he’s so underrated it’s insane. Love his honesty and how he’s such a good friend to both Hopper and Joyce.  Love the comedic reliefs. As much as I can agree that they have taken away some good dynamics of S1 + S2 because of the comedic reliefs, unpopular opinion, but I am glad they gave us these dynamics  Honestly, love all the main characters in this show. They all add something to make the show amazing as it is.
1max 3.Nancy 4.robin 5.eddie 6.steve 7dustin 8.murray 9.argyle
\#1 is Henry/One  \#2 is Eleven  \#3 is Nancy
dustin is funny. his german voice actor in season 1 REALLY got into character
Murray!
i am not really the biggest fan of hopper. he does seem like a nice guy, but the part where he was like that to eleven kinda brought his character down. where he didnt allow mike to see her. brought him down alot in the rating. otherwise he would have made it in my top 3
sure. vecna was amazing and actually was the reason for my binge that i previously posted about (i watched all of stranger things in 3 days)
same frrr
&#x200B;  no. i meant like the leader of the story. like the whole premise of season one was will being in the upside down
I am wondering if this person is confusing Mike with Will. Happens all the time.
Im same but with Max when she appeared in S2 EP1
I’m guessing and may be a bit hopeful but I don’t think he’ll be sidelined.  *fingers crossed* anyway, even though I understand your trepidation due to the past.   There’s the obvious involvement with getting Max back but also the aftermath of season 4 and how that affected him.  Other than Max, Lucas (and maybe Dustin) would be the most traumatized so we should see some of that.  Plus, I noticed in season 4 Caleb had quite a bit of stunt work unlike the other main actors and with Lucas playing the ranger role we might see more of that.  There’s likely gonna be more moments between Lucas and Erica too since they seem to be moving Erica into a positive support role for Lucas.    So we shall see but I understand your worry.  Season 4 was mostly a pleasant surprise for us Lucas fans and Caleb more than proved his capabilities.
no. i meant like the leader of the story. like the whole premise of season one was will being in the upside down
yea shes nice
i was wondering the same thing lol. why tf is your trext so big
I havent watched any interviews really. i just know that the character is cool. so im not gonna watch any interviews until the show ended to not ruin any characters for myself 😅
i am not really the biggest fan of hopper. he does seem like a nice guy, but the part where he was like that to eleven kinda brought his character down. where he didnt allow mike to see her. brought him down alot in the rating. otherwise he would have made it in my top 3
yes dustin is amazing
𝙙𝙪𝙨𝙩𝙞𝙣*
valid. i liked steve from the later seasons but i hate season 1 steve
ahh I mean that's fair... personally I think it's sweet watching him become a protective father to El, and he recognises when he makes mistakes or goes about things the wrong way... like at the end of S2 he apologises for leaving El, and his letter in S3 was so heartwarming
When he threatened to send her back to lab during their fight was bad. Also I feel like everyone forgets that he was the one who told Brenner that El was at the middle school. I get why he did it, but it didn’t sit right with me when I watched it.
Ha ha ha I can relate as my starting watching is linked to a meme he was a part of
no. i meant like the leader of the story. like the whole premise of season one was will being in the upside down
I don’t think that makes him leader of the story… but a driver of plot? Sure.
I guess I have important things to say!
cool
gotta appreciate his character development tho
I think it’s sweet too. The car scene was the first time Hopper called El his daughter on screen. And Mike was being a complete snot so it’s not shocking that his girlfriend’s dad would lay the law down.
yes that ruined his character for me
theres no "leader of the story", and if there was it would be Mike in season 1.  Will is a McGuffin in season 1
I love Will, but I disagree with you.
I know, absolutely love how Hopper just takes El under his wing so quickly and is just like yeah this is my daughter excuse me. Yeah that's very true
thats fine. can you explain why tho?
I do think Will is one of the most important kids, and I appreciate his personality. I don’t think he leads the story. Mike and El are more important in season 1 by far - Mike, because he’s the one with the most emotional connections to the plot and main characters (driving force of the Party, Nancy’s brother, person who takes El in), and El because of her strong ties to the plot and her link to the Upside Down.   I will say that I think these three are the most important kids, and three of the most important characters.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Erica already is the seventh member of the Party.
There's like 8 of them that could potentially be in the party. Mike, Lucas, Will, Dustin, Max, El, Erica and Suzie (8).
Erica. She's been an accomplice since S3.
Suzie bc I remember they said theyd not add another main character.
Erica. She plays D & D and keeps getting more involved with them. She’s shown in Season 4 in The Party promos such as this link.  https://www.fanpop.com/clubs/stranger-things/images/44468165/title/stranger-things-4-portrait-mike-lucas-will-max-eleven-erica-dustin-photo  Plus she was the seventh member of the Party in the Stranger Things Experience.  She’s pretty much the Tagalong Kid.
Holly
Is it not Nancy? She use to play before the show started.
Yeah I remember Erica as well!
That’s right, she was Dustin’s gf! So makes sense! Lucky 7 of Stranger Things
I see that! Had no idea ab that all!
Maybe they’ll defeat Vecna in season 5 similar to the movie Monster Squad.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nancy and Argyle would be a weird lunch combination I think.  Or if I can go with the deads, I would go with Barb and Eddie. Barb would totally loathe to be at the same table as him (drug dealer with bad reputation) and Eddie seems to on his weirdest behavior when it's lunch time, specially if it annoys her.  Or we could go with Carol Perkins and Eleven at the same table, that would be propably a really weird duo at lunch.
Ted and Karen
Billy and Mike's dad
Max and Joyce
Argyle and Kali
Erica and Nancy. With Erica being the youngest of the monster-fighting group and Nancy one of the oldest kids, and them not having a lot in common, they don’t really have any reason to have lunch together.
Ted and Max  Ted and Argyle
Mike and Jonathan seem like they'd be likely to have lunch together if anything.
I would say Erica and Argyle pretty odd pair.
Barb and Billy......bc you know.... they are not alive. (Ok will see myself go out the door).
Okay but now you have me shipping Barb and Eddie.
Erica would bury Nancy alive, Nancy would try to get her to eat her vegetables or something, and Erica would just brutalize her 😂
Basically everyone with ted
Oh they would get along GREAT
Haha, sorry. What it would be called? Beddie or Edard? The two name are bad, but I nearly want to make a fanart of it. Honestly, it's shame I'm not a good artist, because I would have done it for the fun.
Erica "so you smoke"  Argyle "that right little girl. See she gets Jonathan"  Erica "why do your cigarettes smell funky"  Argyle "I will tell you little secrets the leafs in them are magic"  Erica "alright I don't know about that but smell is getting in my nose I am going to play DnD and do some real magic"
Bardie
Ooh, I think you should do a fanart!!! I’d love to see it!
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
David has gamed for years. As he stated himself, he's lost blocks of time (months) just from playing Diablo II back in the day.
That's a sick armor holy shit, well done. It's really accurate.
Which con?
I think he plays Diablo too I see him lked their page
I didn't know they had a Pokémon reference in Elden Ring, which area was that?
SICK armor dude, absolutely love it.
Jaime looks like a long haul trucker that travels the country murdering hookers. It's a hard look to pull off, but he nails it.
David Harbour is the GOAT
Jamie is so fine 😍😍
Jamie looking like he drives semi trucks for a living.
They’re both SO FIIIIINE
God I want that pokemon kimono thing
Epic in so many ways hahaha
David played on a stream with Maximum, one of the bigger names for WoW streamers. And I have to say he was kinda lost and said he hadn’t played much since BC, but everything he was saying checks out with all the dudes I’ve played with who played back in vanilla. It’s one of those things where you know they played back then…. Because it’s just about all the talk about. It was entertaining for sure lol
Ikr?? It looks amazing
Liverpool comic con
Most likely Tampa bay megacon
He did a WoW stream around the launch of Dragonflight too.
Thank goodness someone else saw this and thought this thing. I was concerned it was just me
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
All Monday classes are canceled due to apocalypse.
Move to a different state!
Make Karen Wheeler show up to more PTA meetings. What a hottie! 🥵
agreed
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Godammit, I was looking for this for 2 weeks, I post on Reddit and find it within an hour. Anyway… for anyone interested link is [here](https://youtu.be/IIfufOvYCaA).
I was worried where you were going with this with that caption until I realised which sub it's in - lol.  Hope you find what you're looking for.
Don't worry at least it mean now you wore able to share an awesome video
This video was awesome!
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I do think we’ve not seen the last of the dragon or painting. I feel like it does have more significance that we’re not aware of yet. I’m just more inclined to believe it’ll be something they have to fight, as the painting suggests, rather than something on their side.
Will won’t defeat Vecna. They will ALL defeat Vecna.  That’s really the point. The Duffers have spoken on how each Party member serves a specific function. The whole point of DnD is to work together to solve problems.   I’m going to be curious to see how this concept is brought out in ST5, considering most of the characters (minus Mike and kinda sorta Hopper) oftentimes leave it up to El way too much… But that might be their lesson to learn, as well as El’s. That she can’t do it by herself, and that they’ve all gotta step up too.  Therefore, I am sure Will will have an integral role in his defeat, but they don’t take down Vecna as anything but a group, with El, as the central character Henry wants revenge on, likely still getting the final blow.  The painting just likely hinted at what the Final Boss may look like. I don’t think Will is gaining Mind Flayer control level powers.
Tbh, a dragon is ST sounds very fantasy-esque like, i don't think it would fit the vibes of the show.
Vecna drew himself as a monster. Will drew himself fighting a monster. Even if the dragon is more than a red herring, I doubt it symbolizes something on the good guys' side.
I feel like the writers having Nancy call the Upside Down the day Will went missing means he has more ability in the Upside Down than we know about.   I’m not sure how much control but he and Henry both drew the Flayer though Henry shaped the Flayer. Maybe Will can shape the storm into a demo-dragon (with a giant mouth like Nancy saw?)
Doesn't sound stupid at all.  I've had the same thought, only a little different in that I pictured Will taking control of the Mind Flayer itself and changing *it* into a dragon. But your idea is really cool too.
Monsters name, chapters name, each character from the friend group has a character in dungeons and dragons there is always a link and you may have something there.  My guess is that Will is like Eleven and VecNa. I think he did create the copy of hawkings in the upside-down to be able to hide even if he is unaware of that, thats why when Nancy finds her diary is the same day he dissappeared. But it's just my guess it could be anything and I imagine we would find out in the last season
I AGREE!!! not just bcus of this but also the other instances dragons have been around will..everyone's thinking the dragon will be another extension for vecna but i believe it'll be will's and will end up saving the day!
Probably not a popular one but I wanna say Will is the dragon and the knights are his friends that have to stop him. The knight in the front is Mike.
What’s the theory?
He's Vecna
For Stranger Things finale, the mind flayer will be inside the three headed dragon known from season 1, when Mike had announced their new enemy when continuing the game of D&D, after rescuing Will, called the “Thessylhydra” and the only source they can kill is Vecna by destroying the main source known as the mind flayer. I could be wrong. Though Stranger Things ending shouldn’t involve the D&D game because that will give it all away. Though, Will has felt the mind flayer , and survived it though the only one source must be destroyed to stop the upside down once and for all.
The dragon might be an enemy in my opinion seeing how Will drew them fighting it, not the dragon helping them or anything
There is a very important 3 headed dragon in the dnd lore I forgot her name. But this could be possible
I think the dragon will come in play as well, but as a foe.   I truly believe that Eddie will become Kas, whom was a Vampire and Vecna's right hand man.   Eddie was decimated by bats, hence the Vampire reference.  Eddie or Kas and Eleven will play the major role in destroying Vecna.   IMO
I would throw Nancy in there too with one who takes matters into their own hands. Nancy with the shotgun was totally badass and just as powerful as when El “closed” the gate. Both putting themselves at ultimate risk to take out the bad guy.
I mean, every monster they've faced has been an altered version of monsters from dungeons and DRAGONS. it seems pretty fitting that the final boss would be some kind of dragon
But a demodragon would fit in fine.
What about a meat dragon like the season 3 MF
Will was in the UD for a long time in season 1 and miraculously survived. There is definitely “more ability” to him “than we know about.”  Good way to put it.
You think of Tiamat, the 5 headed dragon goddes of greed, and Queen of all evil, chromatic dragons. She has a head for each chromatic dragon color - white, black, red, green and blue, and is currently locked up in Avernus - 1st level of Nine Hells.
The official Stranger Things account tweeted about the Kas theory on April's Fools Day... I wouldn't put too much stock in the theory.
I loved Eddie but he is gone.  Vampires turn people into bats.  The Upside Down bat-like creatures just bite.
It really hasn’t though. The demegorgon is a gigantic monster and the mind flare is the size of a normal human and vecna is purple. There r little to no connections other than names except for vecna who could be an actual lich
Thx
even if their similarities are mostly superficial, it's still a part of the story. plus a dragon (or the mind flayer taking the shape of a dragon) is way cooler of a final villain than vecna
I guess ur right but an another note I don’t think Eddie will become kas I think it will be Dustin as his last name means something along those lines I think it was a servant of some kind
kinda random but okay. I never thought Eddie would come back, it would be too random and fan servicy
I mean I agree but they might have taken him away to bring him back for people to be excited to watch the show
yeah but the season was made before they knew how popular Eddie would be. to bring him back would be horrible writing
I mean they did do something similar to what ur saying with Chrissy as they film their death scenes first to the effects artist have a longer time and when they were recording the forest scene they realized how much connection Eddie and Chrissy had but it was too late as her death was set in stone
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Owens is probably alive but he's kinda sus. Honestly, I think some shady stuff will be revealed about him and then he will be killed off.
He’s not evil. But he is shady for the greater good. It’s obvious he moved the Byers way out to Lenora, California so El could be close to the Nina Project as well as closer to Dr Owens house.
I really do believe that he thinks what he's doing is the best for El and Will. But he is kind of shady.  Not to mention that he thought it was a good idea to just hand El back over to her abuser. Yes, he showed concern and tried to tell Brenner to stop when he went too far. But that he even thought in the first place that Brenner could be reasoned with is so wild. Owens knows that Brenner only saw El as some kind of object and weapon that was his to control.  Yes, I do think there's come a chance he'll come back. There's a reason he didn't die on screen. I also think that he thinks he's doing the right thing. But he's not a good man. Not yet at least. If he comes back, he'll cause some problems before becoming an ally.
I really hope he's alive too! He was such a good and greatly useful character. Definitely one of my favorites :)
I just finished stranger things and I already forgot who Owens was
Owens is clearly a good person and is one of my favorite characters. Unfortunately, i believe Sullivan probably got him after the events of S4 and he will probably pass through some torture, i only hope he doesn't pass through extreme torture as Agent Wallace have passed.
I strongly agree with you. Dr. Owens was one of my favourite characters, and he was so helpful and kind to everybody. I don't think he was shady at all; the main characters may have had a hard time trusting him at first because he was part of the same government where Dr. Brenner once faked Will Byers's death and nearly left him for dead in the upside down. Because he has worked with secretive parts of the government he will always have secrets and other plans, but he will still be on the main characters' side. It is also true he hasn't been the hero of seasons 2 and 4 but that doesn't mean he can't be of great help. He was so kind-hearted and sweet and I will be really upset if he isn't alive and well in season 5.
Nah he ain't shady. I thought he was shady in s2 but he was good.
Owens only really 'gave' El to Brenner because he's the only one that understood her and her abilities the most. But I do feel like he should have warned El about him before surprising her at Nina. He was even going against Brenner in ep8 until Brenner had his men capture him, he's definelty an ally.
He doesn't seem trustable to me, especially the way Will talked about him in this season sounded like he feels uneasy about Owens. It could potentially be a setup for Owens to appear in S5 again, and more stuff could be revealed about him.
Could be but I highly doubt it. The way he asked El in S4 to join him for the NINA project especially showed how good of a person he is: he didn't employ deceptive tactics like Brenner when he could have done that (and I think that's the point. The writers are meant to create this dichotomy between Brenner and Owens). He asked her kindly and showed her that he values her consent and that he is a person to be trusted. He also showed concern (even when El wasn't "awake") and kept telling Brenner not to be harsh. I feel like the latter especially shows that Owens is genuinely a good guy and not a sycophant.
Yeah, but him acting kind does not necessarily mean he is a good person, I think Will's distrust/uneasiness about him could be a potential hint that Owens might be hiding something. Also, the thing is that he did not even tell that all this time Brenner was alive. His involvement with the lab is shady in itself.
Owens is leaps and bounds better than Brenner, but he did withhold that Brenner was going to be at the compound from El, so not 100% great.
It would be way too repetitive and dumb to have him be secretly evil. He risked his life in season 2 to help them, and in season 4 he refused to tell the government where El was.
Could you remind me which scene did Will express distrust towards Owens? I couldn't find it anywhere on Wiki. If anything, it's stated that Owens is Will's \*ally\*. Even then, Will may not have expressed distrust specifically because it was Owens out of all people, it could be for other reasons so there's that.  Hawkins Lab wasn't always a corrupt place. It's just a lab operated by the US Department of Energy. It only became corrupt when Brenner took over it only for him to get REPLACED by Owens shortly afterwards, who actually tried to manage the "Mothergate" and stop the UD's incursion. He was meant to undo Brenner's fuckups. Aside of that, he helped Hopper adopt Eleven and the Byers relocate to California (specifically to a safe, "boring" side as he likes to call it) which requires a HUGE amount of money. No evil person would invest that much for good only for them to reveal themselves as bad later on.
Owens did that because he knew that if El knew Brenner was at Nina, she would have refused to go. It's a tough choice.
>Could you remind me which scene did Will express distrust towards Owens?  In S4, when he's talking to Mike about him. And when he saw Owens' men, he was uneasy about it when Owens' men mentioned Owens' name when they were interrogating the Byers + Mike.  I don't think Owens is ''evil'', I think his objectives might be different than what's presumably thought, and I think the way Will talked about him and acted seemed like he's uneasy about him.
I mean yes, there's a clear reason why Owens didn't tell her, but it does still mean that Owens didn't have full transparency with El. I'm not saying the guy is evil, and you're definitely right that he had a difficult choice, but it is true that he chose to keep the fact that Brenner was there from El.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Dude, the outfit is sick!
How stoned were the workers at surfer bay pizza?
BROOOO I SAW YOU THERE! remember at the gift shop on the other side of the cash register, two little dudes, (me included) we came up to you and asked if you were trying to be Jason because we we're trying to be Lucas and Dustin, but you said nah bc you were wearing a hellfire shirt under, and we left. THAT WAS ME!!
Nice this looks sick!
Nice to see the good name of Seymour Butts represented on the audition signups
Awesome! I went to the one in L.A. Looks to be the exact set up. Incredibly fun experience!
I don't know this looks really lame to me. Like a freebie you get to walk through at the CNE or something
I'm going on Saturday!! I'M SO EXCITED!
Awesome!
I recently went to the one in LA, it was so cool.
The one in Dallas was in a very small space an super crowded when I went last year. :(
Going in May!
I don’t know, I wasn’t a fan of it when it was in San Francisco. Definitely felt expensive for what it was
This is really cool, except for that poster of “ripped” Eddie, which to me looks like Trump’s head on the Rocky’s body. Ugh, he is supposed to be a dorky teen, wtf is that?
Did they have any shirts or totes that said "I (demigorgon) Toronto"? I've seen something similar for other cities
Omg! This looks so much cooler than the pop up they had in London a few years ago 😭
The one in Brooklyn was an amazing experience.
How was parking there?
Looks like a food court disguised as stranger things
Thank u!
Not stoned at all 😐
Hey bro! Yes, I remember. And honestly you were actually right about it being Jason costume haha. The hellfire t-shirt is kinda out of place in it.
Yup. I noticed it too! 😂
It isn't. There's a whole 45-minute immersive experience before this with live actors and pre-recorded bits from the people in the show, but there's no photos allowed of that.
You know what, I get that. Or like something you do a Niagara Falls lol but I'm still stoked.
Yeah I noticed that too. It was weird because Eddie looked like a regular teenager who didn't spend hours lifting weights at a gym.
Every poster of an action hero/fantasy hero in the 80s looked like that. It's just a caricature and homage to those posters.     Like this for the old NES game Wizards and Warriors: https://cdn.mobygames.com/covers/5399266-wizards-warriors-nes-front-cover.jpg
I don't remember seeing any t-shirts like that. But don't take my word, there were way too many merch so I might not have noticed it 😅
It was good with lots of space but I took the bus there and had a nice breezy morning stroll to the place :)
This is the bit at the end once you've done the show. It's an arcade and a food court.
Heartbreaking
Did they have Hawaiian pizza?
lol my friend who was with me wanted me to recreate the fight scene with you💀
Oh that sounds good.
[removed]
Did they at least have the ST pinball machine?
LMAO I didn't notice
Yup. There was the ST pinball machine. And I think five more games. I remember Pac-Man, joust, dig dug, missile command and centipede.
They had a bunch of arcade machines, not sure about pinball though. This was from the London version, now in Paris.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Autumn is my favourite season because it's not too hot, not too cold and you don't get all that pesky polen setting off allergies like in Spring
My favourite season is definitely season 4 because of how many epic scenes it has (Max fighting off Vecna with ‘’running up that hill’’ as the soundtrack, Mike’s speech to El before she defeats Vecna, Hopper fighting a demogorgon WITH A SWORD, Eddie’s guitar solo in the upside down, etc.), its amazing soundtrack, and I find the plot better and way more entertaining than seasons 2 & 3 but not nearly as slow as season 1.  Other stuff I liked: Hopper and Joyce’s first kiss (FINALLY!) Argyle and Jonathan’s comedic relief moments, plus Eddie’s amazing addition to the cast; the incredible final battle with Robin, Steve, and badass Nancy going up against Vecna…  It has weak points I did not like, of course (Mike becoming mostly a side character, Will’s personality being kind of reduced to angsty gay sidekick, Robin being paired up with a girl that’s bssically a copy of herself, etc.), but as a whole I loved it.
unpopular opinion- s3! I LOVE the physical form of the mind flayer, the colours are incredible, the relationships being built between characters is so fun, it's one of the scariest in some places, and overall I just adore it
Season 4. Gave us a new villain which I prefer over the mind flayer. The story line between Henry/001/Vecna was perfectly set up and executed. It brought back that season 1 mystery and gave us some of the best scenes like Max escape from Vecna, and 001’s monologue.
Season 2.   They had a really great depiction of PTSD with Joyce and Will. Will being possessed by the Mind flayer is such a great way to depict PTSD. Joyce is so jumpy and nervous already and WR cranks that up to 11 here. Hopper building a home for El 😍 is maybe the most heartfelt thing on the show. Joyce and Bob. 😍 He was just too pure for this world. The introduction of Max. Sadie Sink is the best of the younger cast, that girl is gonna go off and win all sorts of awards.   And last but not least season 2 has the show's **best** love triangle. Joyce/Hopper/Bob. It's so subtle you might not  notice that it's there but it be. Bob is such a good person and so sweet to Joyce and just treats her and the boys so good. Your like of course Joyce deserves that. But then there's her dynamic with Hopper which tends to be intense. Hopper is just a touch jealous and that scene where Joyce rescues hopper in the vines. 🫦🙆🏻‍♀️ That shit is intense between them.  Like that girl has two different guys acting like dads to her kids. Get it girl!
ST1! It's so fresh and new and different. And it's tightly written and plotted, with fantastic acting across the board. Has some of the most iconic and devastating scenes too.
Probably season 2 - loved the overall story line, loved jancy & lumax, loved the finale - just overall my fav
Season 4 by far. I love all the seasons but they just keep getting bigger and better. S4 was so intense and so well done. The action, the drama, the stakes. It's all there. The "Runnin' Up That Hill" scene is ICONIC and so is Eddie's guitar solo. The only thing I want more of is Erica. I don't like how they made her less involved when she was so involved in season 3, they had to make to time for Eddie and Jason somehow I guess. I just wish it didn't come at the cost of Erica's screentime, other than that, it was perfect imo.
Mines summer cuz I get to go to the beach, if I was in a country that would snow in winter then my fav season would be winter but since im not mines summer.
i definitely agree. the only thing i disliked about the season 4 was that it took awhile to build up, other than that i found myself binging it in only a few days. i agree w/ will, however i think season 5 will make him a main character, or more important.  i may have to rewatch… but also liked season 2 because it had me on the edge of my seat. for whatever reason, i did not enjoy season 3 (besides alexei and scoops ahoy steve) and this may be an unpopular opinion but the neverending story sing along ruined it for me. season 1 was also good just a bit slow for me.
you described perfectly why season 2 is one of my favorites
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Mike becomes he is my favourite character so loss of him would hit like a bullet train  Now this better not be the Duffer Brothers doing research on who people care about most so they know who to kill lol.
Max or El, like let my girls have some peace and happiness for once
Tbh it's hard to say because all characters have been lovely and impactful. I would say though it would really suck if Will gets killed (and consequently has both Joyce and Jonathan lose their minds) for the fact that his life has constantly sucked. Let's hope that no characters dies lol
Will has a somewhat high chance of dying, but if he dies, I'd be really sad.
They BETTER NOT kill Steve, Robin, or Dustin. I’d be sad if Argyle died too, he’s great comedic relief.
Mike and El. I think they will live together. Or they would die together. They aren’t going to be separated again willingly.  Thankfully, I do not think the Duffers are killing either of them. Or many if any of the characters for that matter.
If they kill Max *again* I will lose my mind
Max but even if she doesn't die her scenes will probably make me cry.
Don't get rid of Steve... They need him foe the Spin-off TV show with Robin that's in the works.  Dustbin can go bye-bye.
Max
Any of the party
Dustin. He’s been my favorite since episode one.  I really see El going. Like a big sacrifice to save everyone. Like Season 1, only bigger and more final. Losing Will would also kind of bring things full circle.  I would be upset losing Joyce, Hopper, Murray, Johnathan and Nancy. Steve and Robin. Erica and Holly. (Low risk, but still.)  I already consider Max gone. I have never liked Mike and don’t care for Lucas that much.  I’m assuming a much bigger casualty list and probably a lot of townspeople being in direct danger. Hope Dustin’s Mom and Mr. Clarke make it out. Even Keith, Tommy and Tina. Maybe…
Distin or Steve (even though I think he is a bit overrated)
Steve death would be the saddest to me, I think he already suffered enough physically in the show and it would be really cruel writer to kill the other brother figure of Dustin now.  I would be also crush if they choose to kill Joyce, Dustin, Max or Nancy too.
Agreed
Will has one of the lowest chances of dying..like out of everyone ever
Yay one person that agrees with me STEVE can’t die !!!
Fr tho she has the best scene in the series
I was with you until you okayed killing off Dustin.
I don't know, I could see him sacrificing himself or something if he's linked to the Upside down
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Steve and Dustin? No, I don’t think they’re very popular around here or among the fan base. You’re definitely alone with this opinion. There were whispers that the Duffer brothers might write them off next season because they’re just That unpopular- allegedly
Them seeing each other again in the ice cream shop is one of my favorite moments in the show
Yes!
I love Dustin and Steve friendship, I see a bit of myself and my older sister in them.
Gaten is the best tbh and Steve dustin relationship is my favourite.
It's kind of creepy.
I love them together sm, definitely one of my fav duos!
What if we lose one of them?
How many children are you friends with? 😆
How's their friendship creepy? They've saved each others life like a hundred tines why wouldn't they be friends.
Then I’ll regret posting that sarcastic comment lol. But I truly don’t think we will. They’re beloved and the duffers prefer happy (or at least alive) endings for main characters
We won't.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What the hell does "unironically obsessed" mean?
It's is pretty incredible soundtrack not my favourite of all time but is pretty incredible one both original soundtrack and choice of some incredible 80s songs.
If we're talking about the original score, yes. I love that Season 4 got a 4-disc treatment!
Obviously
Yes. It is what I listen to 99% of the time.
Same
Great work music.
Yes! It got me into dark synthwave playlists on YouTube which got me through my PhD comprehensive exams.
Unironically seems to be the new “literally.” I’ve seen it used the same way.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
One of my favorite off-the-wall ideas is that Virginia Creel is a secret Nazi test subject, possibly by way of her rich uncle, whose bequeath allowed the family to buy their house in Hawkins. Also, bringing the Nazis into the story bolsters my wacky idea for a crossover with Indiana Jones, who has not yet been brought up as a pop culture reference in the show and would be approximately as old in the 1980s as Harrison Ford is now.
I think that would make sense, and I really like the theory, but I can’t imagine them putting Nazis in Stranger Things.
Honestly hear this theory before and genuinely think it has a lot of potential especially if aside from stage show that come also do a spin off that been requested by a fair few of people that being orgin story of Dr Martin Brenner and Dr Sam Owens to less extent. Like so many possibilities and Germany in WW2 is fasnating possibility
And to lend to this theory, Operation Paperclip saw the US and other countries taking in scientists and other higher-ups to use for our own country.  Then the Nazis that escaped to South America and set up a German town.... Wernher Von Braun anyone?  Also in the CIA archives or "the vault" you can read about their psychic experiements including  "shifting" or "astral projecting"
When people asked about possible spinoffs a few months ago I posted that they could do a show about either Victor Creel or Brenner being involved with the Nazi experiments since the timeline fits. There certainly are allusions to Nazi concentration camp prisoners with the children (shaving their head, forcing them to wear the same clothes, the number tattoos on the wrist, the inhumane experiments etc)   The problem is Stranger Things is a horror show with comedy in it. In fact S3 almost has more comedic arcs than horror arcs. I think some Jewish people might find it offensive for them to use real Nazis in an arc for a show that is entertainment not a documentary which is why my spinoff idea would have Creel or Brenner in France or some other country helping Hitler but not Nazis themselves.
I really hope this is just op overthinking. Brenner's interesting as a character because he deals in shades of Grey. Making him an out and out Nazi would be character assassination in my eyes.
It would give Brenner an interesting back story, but it would also make him more generic as villain. I mean, the mad nazi scientist has been already done plenty of time and as an european, I'm tired to see nazis everywhere.   I prefer going with a real good Brenner who turned step by step bad, because I love the "hell is paved with good intentions" thing. I also think it would give him more depth than being just a bad guy from the beginning.  Still, it's a good theory and I wouldn't be surprise if turn right. It would just make me appreciated the character less.
I wondered if this is why they chose 1988..the number 88 is often associated with Nazis (and I also think 99 Luft Baloons would be a perfect end song to the series, but the Goldfinger one...just saying , lol)
I can. The Duffers love social commentary.
S5 is definitely the season to get serious without much in the way of comedy.
He could have been a scientist for them who started to sympathize with Americans.  I also see him as a ''grey'' character of sorts and I like that complexity , it's honest because life is never black and white  .My Uncle swore up and down that he told him some of the soldiers he was fighting seemed ''hypnotized'' when he got up close and looked at their actual eyes  and it freaked him out.   I think looking back (and knowing what I know now ) he probably meant their pupils ''looked funny''....and that also knowing what I know now , that pupils constrict when in a trance state, so he may have confused the opposite, pupil dilation , for hypnotism...and that those soldiers were most likely fed a steady diet of speed which makes people mentally unwell after long term use, so thinking a Nazi trained scientist could be deprogrammed does not seem all too far fetched to me since they seemed to have been programmed in the first place.  It would have to be handled in a very specific way though and may be hard to do in a show with that sort of ''feeling'' that Stranger Things has.   I understand what you mean, but no doubt they did their research on the real projects , it's clear with the number tattoos, etc  it is a nod to those scientists (Plus they have said before they researched the original projects)
They're doing a casting call for cars no newer than 1988 model year, which presumably means that the second part of S5 is in fall 1987.
I always wondered if they would have the problem with the Mind Flayer start in the future, hence Henrys eye seemingly ''rewinding'' and the obsession with clocks, maybe a time loop accidently created by the Hawkins lab, or Russia attacking the lab in the future, something along those lines (or the kids themselves doing it, there are a few lab kids whos powers we don't know about, and we may not know about all of Els powers either) but since in the real Montauk legends its usually all about portals and time travel, and the show was supposed to be called Montauk, makes sense.  I think maybe younger generations did not all automatically make the link that there will be a time travel plot (or an allusion to it at least) because a lot of those conspiracy theories and urban legends died down with the take over of creepy pastas and social media. Those topics were more in the real news in the 80s and not afterward, you don't hear about the real stories behind the theories anymore, but the topic is clearly making a comeback...just in time for war with Russia which is odd timing. Also also Reddit is global and sometimes some stuff does not get much press in other countries.    A lot of the story is pulled from real urban myths about certain areas in North America and ''portals'' and ''time travel'' , one of them being Camp Hero in Montauk.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
stranger things just launched a fan experience in Toronto!
This is probably for something unrelated to Stranger Things.  EDIT: Or the ST experience! Though I’d be surprised if they’d have him attend the launch of that, if that’s the case? I don’t think any cast were present for the launches of the others? Honestly, I hope it’s not because that would mean he’s getting some other work…
Cool!!! 😈
There was a Netflix Canada event last night
Bruh any gal here having a crush on Noah Schnapp. I know he is gay, but still? ❤️🥺
I thought that was a spoiler.
My guess is they having a meeting for season 5
Getting fired hopefully 🤞
it has begun.
I hope they launch one in Vancouver too!!!
I think it was a Netflix event. Bc other celebs were there
Idk if it was the launch but Millie did go to the one in New York with Mariah Carey's kids last summer
Matthew Modine, who was (and still is) in London for a play, made a surprise visit to the London one. In-character too.
Yeah he's a little cute whole cast is attractive tbh
Yes, double so in the Halloween movie he did a few years back with Sandler.
Noah's gay? Or just will 😂
Why would they be doing that in Toronto?
You realize that would make the final season utter garbage? You are a troll or you lack object permanence.
Why would they fire him at the last season
omg you’re so quirky for that !!  🙄
They should bring in a prolific star to play Will like Timothy Shalamay or that kid from “Wonder”
Why lma0.
Both gay.
Noah came out earlier this year :)
Nah man, obviously they should fire one of the main cast going into the last season. Leaked one too many things and had too many bad haircuts.
This idiotic idea does bring up a hilarious scenario though, which is that Noah would be posting a Instagram story from the place where he's currently being fired, and that is just... the most Noah thing I've ever heard of.
Learn to correctly spell his name first.
Didnt even try to spell it right lol I do think it's funny that someone could say Timbuktu Chandelier and we would still know who they're talking about though
Salami? Charlemagne? Shall-l-May?
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Happy cake day!🎂🍰🧁🍥
This is Ohio mate
This is literally ending of 2x01
Thank you.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I believe its actually the mind flayer
Keith.
We don’t know if the mind flayer is truly sentient or not. All we know is he is the embodiment of the hive mind, a psychic creature that create one super organism. I believe Vecna is using this to his advantage. Personally I hate this and think it was a very bad idea because the mind flayer is much scarier and cooler as it’s own entity and villain. But there’s still time to fix this, I’m just pretty sure that they won’t.  A theory that somewhat satisfies me is that after having his physical form destroyed at the end of s4, Vecna will come bad as the mind flayer. For this to work, the mind flayer cannot be sentient.
Vecna.    He took what looked like the neutral particles and created them into the Mind Flayer. The Mind Flayer did not exist before One. This is hammered home by the fact that he envisioned it as a child.   The particles are also what created the hive mind through Vecna’s manipulation, as the regeneration of the demo-creatures showed in Russia.  Vecna controls it all. I think the “final boss” will be likely a combo of Vecna and the particles into a Mind Flayer final form… Probably in a vein of appearance to the Thessalhydra or Tiamat.
So far it’s Vecna. But we don’t know the full relationship between him and the MF
Vecna = Darth Sidious  Mindflayer = Darth Vader  Sure, Vader murdered some children, but he never would have done so without a super powerful, psychic manipulating him.  Will = Luke  El = also Luke  Max = Han Solo
Vecna supposedly (unfortunately)
The MF was mostly particles and shadows when 001 first saw it. 001 turned those particles into the shape of a spider and made it sentient or at least that is what is implied.
Vecna but I theorise he isn't alone
I'd personally prefer the Mind Flayer being the big bad. Vecna is kind of a lame main villain, and should be relegated to a second in command. Plus, having an eldritch deity being the big bad is way more satisfying than a flesh and bone man with some superpowers.  Quite frankly though, we don't know who's in charge. Vecna says it's him, but he's an unreliable narrator and The Mind Flayer has existed for eons in this other dimension ruling over it. So honestly, it could go either way.
I don't know that Vecna is fully in control of the Mind Flayer, but I suspect fomenting conflict between them will be key to defeating them.
As far as we know, Vecna is in control.
Clearly, Vecna is the "big bad". After being banished to another world by El, he found that strange cloud of dark particles and transformed it into the Mind Flayer. It's my view that this cloud of particles was some kind of super-organism forming a hive-mind with a primitive conscience, but when Vecna have change it's form, this being absorbed Vecna's psycophatic conscience and became the Mind Flayer.  Vecna is the reason why the Mind Flayer is the way he is and i believe that to fully kill Vecna once and for all, there's a need to kill all pieces of it's consciouness, some of which is transcended into the Mind Flayer.
Episode 9 of season 4 and an interview from the Duffer brothers both confirm Vecna created the mind Flayer in his image( to act as his avatar and non human form an extension of himself and his will) before it was a sentient dark cloud. He created the version of the upside down we see today, before the upside down looked completely different.
What if it is really....  Will?
I GOD DAMN KNEW IT. All this because he didn't get that date with Nancy lol
The only correct answer
I think the hivemind was always there, Vecna can just access and control it.
Ahh alright, thank you!
Ah okay, that makes sense
Please go on...
yes
Ehhhh. I don’t think so.  They showed the little demogorgon trolling around on the rocks, minding its own business, for a reason. And they showed how the particles are used to control the creatures via the Russia plot.   I know some people wish for the MF to be the ultimate big bad, but the Duffers have spoken on how they wanted a humanized villain for the finale. There’s nothing I’ve seen that has disproved that…   They wanted Dustin to be wrong too in his thought that Vecna is the five star general. Eddie’s death wasn’t his fault, but he’ll likely still blame himself for not understanding who Vecna was. That’s clearly part of his arc; how to work through being wrong.
Well I have a massive theory involving him working alongside an Upside Down Dragon
Go on...
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
How’d they get booted before Ted and Karen??
Wait a second, I thought this sub was obsessed with Mileven?
The most shocking upset I’ve ever seen in my entire life
Either people got confused and voted their favorite by accident or there was a lot of spite voting
Link to vote: https://strawpoll.com/polls/eNg694JEAnA  Do you want me to add more popular ships that aren't already in (which will make the game longer) or leave it as it is?
This is why I voted for Best Songs. 💀  Whatever, this is gonna be an absolute clusterfuck. I’m here for it 🍿
I'm pretty sure Mileven is out because of the Mileven/Byler ship wars. That's my theory. I wouldn't be surprised if Byler was next. Again just my theory. I'm a Jopper shipper so I'm personally not invested in a ship war.
Ted and Karen must go!!!!
That was fast.
MILEVEN IS OUT FIRST??!   Oh my lord the chaos that is about to ensue
This is actually the funniest thing I’ve ever seen
Lmfaooo
Isn’t that the top relationship on the show? The fuck is this game.
Damn, more than a quarter of the votes? Wild. I wouldnt have guessed that.
"Did not see that coming"  - Quicksilver
I'm sorry but this is hilarious. Hopefully, Mileven stans don't take it personally, this is just a silly game.  &#x200B;  But really?! This is so cold-blooded 😭
People gotta vote Ted and Karen, THEY SHOULDNT BE HERE!!  At least all these other pairings had a cute friendship/interaction, or showed SOME attraction to each other
Okay these games definitely show just how awful this sub is with voting lol.
Look, i dont ship mileven and i think its too canonised for its own good but like... WHAT
Come on lads if we vote hard enough, we can make Ted and Karen divorce with the power of our collective disgust
Really people, Karen and Ted wasn’t first to go? They shouldn’t even be married lol.
I think the way the "least favorite ship" poll is formulated it will first eliminate ships that are involved in major ship wars in the fandom ( byler & mileven, stancy & jancy) because people have strong feelings towards these ships either liking or disliking them, for example in the previous poll post there were more people mentioning byler than kared and ted when objectively byler is no worse than them, same with mileven being eliminated before them. I wouldn't be surprised if the next ones are Stancy or Jancy and that Karen and Ted last quite a while in the poll without being eliminated because people just don't care enough to vote for them.
let’s go lesbians let’s go
Not me genuinely voting for Ted and Karen while the whole fandom is probably revenge-voting byler out lol  Edit: No wait Billy and Karen is there too now??
What the fuck
This is honestly the funniest thing I've seen all day
Hilarious
WHAT?!?!?! How is Mileven the FIRST one out?!?!?!
What in the name of fuck? I knew it would be rough… but not like this.
This made me giggle
Hold the phone so the sub that has lambasted and hate and told me that "you have to ship only Mileven stop shipping both Mike ships" has now voted out the one it claimed to be favor of the irony is so dumby Thicc Tony Stark could make suit out of it.
ted and karen suck bro 💀
Why is everyone hating on Melvin I liked them
How are people shocked by this lol this was the most obvious outcome
This is the most shocking thing I've seen. People voted THIS over pairs who are at best, friends (e.g. Jonathan and Argyle, Max and Eleven, Murray and Alexei, etc)... I'm guessing people are tired with how much Mileven content they've seen in the sub? Idk
Bro aren’t they like the main ship of the show or something
lmao i won't lie i giggled  hopefully the mileven fans don't get too upset. all the divisive ships (stancy, byler, jancy) are gonna drop like flies so honestly, it's not TOO unexpected
The amount of people if this sub who think the popular opinion resides in their obsession based discords and tik tok pages 😂
If this was a vote about season 2 Mileven, I’d be pretty upset right now. But post-season 2 they’ve been more irritating than anything, and I kinda expected this to be the result.   I think season 5 can still make them popular again if done well, but the relationship discourse and introducing Will into the middle of things has done them no favours at all.   At the very least, let them actually communicate. The separation and reunion in season 2 was amazing and emotional, but by season 4 it’s so overdone that the characters barely seem to know each other.
Well. This is epic 😎
UPDATE: Steve/Jonathan, Steve/Eddie, Billy/Karen and Billy/Steve have been added to the poll. I'll update the image next round as I don't think I can edit it now that it's posted.
Huh
I’m not joking my jaw fricking dropped I’m picking it of the floor rn
All I know is Lucas and Max better be #1
Mileven is out already? I expected it to be there awhile
Mileven is out after one day? 🙄
So do we vote on the next post or this one?
no WAY they got voted out but ted and karen still here 😟
Ted and Karen byeeeee
Bruh wtf
Yall it's the power of tumblr
i’m so surprised omg, must have been crossposted to other platforms or the milevens on here are a loud minority
Wow, really? That's a big surprise.
Y’all didn’t even let us get one day in before you chose violence.
Did people vote their favorites??!
Um….excuse me?!?
Hahaha incredible
Mileven is out when Karen/Billy is right there.   I don't even ship Mileven, but they didn't need to go out that fast.
If Murrexei don’t make it to the top 3 I’ll just cry
LMAOO idk why but this is so funny to me
I really like there friendship but they just not good as a couple
It’s weird to think that Mileven only had 3 out of the 9 season four episodes together in scenes.  Episode 1 they’re not together.   Episode 2 they’re together .   Episode 3 they’re together but are separated by the ending.  Episode 4, 5, 6,  and 7 not together.  Episode 8 they only come together at the very end.  Episode 9. They’re together.  So Mileven only really got 3 episodes of screen time. The only other season where they had less time together is season 2.
In my opinion, Bylers is the best ship
As much as I don’t like mileven, I am genuinely shocked that it got voted out. Also don’t be shy and drop the ship that was in the red pie-chart 👀
This is probably the dumbest thing I've seen in this fanbase.
What.
You have to be fucking kidding me! What??
Lmao I'm one of the most outspoken Byler shippers on here and didn't even vote for this so ngl super shocked. At this point I wouldn't be surprised if all the contentious 'ship war' ships get voted out first, but we'll see!
Before Ted and Karen? I did not expect that...
!remind me 1 day
Boyce or Job for the win! ❤️
LMAO that shocked me😂 wasn’t expecting that
Ok sorry but who the hell was Eden??? I don't remember her at all
get rid of ted and Karen!
This is so funny
This is HILARIOUS and proves that for every outspoken Mileven or Byler stan there are 5 quieter people who think Mike is annoying and useless af. Eleven and Will can both do better. 😆
Mileven is the most believable and the sweetest relationship, and I’m really looking forward to seeing them together in S5.
Right… the flagship couple gets voted out first.   Demonstrates how skewed these polls are and not likely reflective of reality. It felt that way on the fav scenes one too. There is simply no way people prefer Karen and Ted to Mike and El.   If you did favorites poll, I suspect the accuracy would be better.   Oh well. I know how it’ll likely end for Mileven, and it sure ain’t broken up.
How. Literally how
I didn’t see this one coming. I can’t believe they’re out before Ted and Karen whoa
what in the actual fuck???
No surprise cause GenZ wants Mike and will together.
Oh wow so it’s as unserious over here as it is on Twitter.  Good to know!
Alright I am done with this sub
Oooohhh come on. That can not be happening.  Mileven can't quit from the first poll. Something is wrong.  Sorry but I will not vote in this game ship
I expected something like this from this sub \*sigh\*.   Meanwhile, back on the show, Mileven ain't going nowhere!  Edit: Thank you kind stranger for the award \*bows\*.
Damn. Was not expecting this. Who was second?
goddamn, mileven is out! that's some serious fandom disconnect duffers. watch eddie and christy win...
LMFAOOOOOOO THIS IS THE LAST POSSIBLE WAY I THOUGHT THIS GAME WOULD START 💀💀💀💀
Lmfao. It seems many will be very, very disappointed when s5 comes out.
Don’t think mileven should have been out first but tbh a straight ship leaving first and all the gay ones staying? Iconic.  I’m personally pulling for Elmax/Romance.
WHAT
How in the hell did Karen and Ted beat Mileven????
What the fuck is a “ship war”? I understand the concept of a “ship”, and I have characters that I think would be fun to see written as romantic interests.   But some of you guys are talking about this like they’re factions in WW2.
We all know Byler will last way too long and might even win if this is the first elimination.
Dude i love this ship why 😭
WTH the two main characters (imo) are already out? Bro wtf
I know why I don't like the ship. Mike feels off, but why do the fandom dislike the ship?
So you’re telling me the core ship of the show, the one that gets promoted by Netflix, is the least popular one? 🚶🏽‍♀️ 🚶🏽‍♀️ 🚶🏽‍♀️
Jesus byler shippers are insufferable
I hate to say it but this has been rigged - every single byler on this sub will have picked mileven to prove a point cos they hate the fact that mileven is popular and is actually canon unlike byler
I love this show, but my god does this subreddit make me embarrassed about it
Who are the red one?
Thank you for including my end game ship, Robyn and Nancy. <3
praying ronance isnt kicked out i love that ship but maybe its just cause im gay but teheee
i bet ted/karen will end up as a second favourite couple
Robin and Vickie. I'm a Ronance shipper lmao.
as long as stancy is the next one voted out, I'm happy
The main ship of the show 😭 honestly kinda glad tho, I stoped liking them together in season 3. I also don’t ship Mike and will for the record, I just don’t really ship Mike with people
How do we know what each of those pieces of pie actually represent since the names were erased then retyped on?
Byler stans are fucking weird. I’m sorry but do you really think after 4 seasons they suddenly gonna make Mike forget his love for eleven and jump and ride wills dick
Honestly just what the hell guys, they’re cute and wholesome. Y’all are stupid
I hope Eddie and Chrissy is winning this. There was such a good chemistry between them. They easily captured my heart in only one episode.
That whole bottom row besides the one that just lost shouldn’t even be options. No indication at all of a romantic relationship. You might as well put an option for Lucas and Hopper
Yall are so f'n dumb sometimes
This sub is honestly ridiculous in the offseason.
Starting to wonder if people misunderstood the assignment
WHAT THE ACCUAL F**K!!! THE SECOND BEST IS OUT FIRST!!!  I AM DONE.
This fandom is ridiculous.
[removed]
HUH?? bye. They lost over Ted and Karen ???
How was mileven the out before Jonathan and argyle
OP, I think April fools is over😂 cause HOW????!!
I find it funny the canon couple got out first
Are people serious or ... ? Lmao, what is this ? Nah, you guys are crazy. Ships wars are really ridiculous.
they're still the main canon ship so this is as much 'win' as their detractors will get, sitting around telling each other nobody likes Mileven.   My favourite ship is Elmax but I'm ok with not being romantic and I'm not delusional to think they're going to be. Still, those two girls love each other so much, my fav scene of Season 4 was their reunion "I piggybacked from a pizza dough freezer" 🤗😭
Not even the biggest Mileven fan, but even I'm shocked they're out this early.
Well this is gonna be a clusterfuck. I don’t even want to know how this is the first out.   Ted/chicken is still supreme. I’m out ✌🏼
This is literally the most shocking thing I've seen in months. I don't even know how to react.
Um...wow
Wait a minute what
WHAT
Okay I did not expect Mike and Eleven to be eliminated before Karen and Ted 😂
THERE AINT NO WAY THEYRE OUT
I am shocked. I mean I thought they would make it at least halfway. I guess this was the Bylers doing. I'll vote Ted and Karen.
Whelp, spending the next few weeks voting for Steddie to GTFO I guess.
Jancy is basically the exact same plot, so if they’re not next to go, imma be pissed at the Mileven injustice
Mileven is only voted out due to the fact that El got a Bf as soon as she could rather than find her own friends, find hobbies, and enjoy life. Also, Byler is more popular and conflicts with that ship, obviously, so it got voted out
Im convinced people voted for their favorite because there is no way they  are eliminated before these others, especially these non canon ships. This fanbase is straight up stupid at times
Get ted the fuck outta here, Karen can stay if she wants though
Max and Lucas
Jonathan and Argyle
Me wondering why Steddie isn’t on here… anyways boot out Ted and Karen
How tf did mileven go out before Byler or a bunch of the ridiculous non-canon ships
How is there no Steddie?!
I think we need to restart this. Since its so early at least
Wow. I’m so disappointed in this sub lmao
lol what the?
Friends, what the heck? I don’t like them either but yeesh!
😐
Karen was going to cheat on Ted but it makes sense we would eliminate the teenagers first
Eddie & Krissy 4-Ever!
How much you wanna bet Nancy and Robin is gonna end up in the top 3(I hate this ship cause I like Nancy alone more)
it's so obvious where this is going lol.
The poll was shared on tumblr under #byler. The byler fandom over there is celebrating right now that mileven was voted out first.
how r nancy and jonathan getting votes the whole relationship is creepy 😭 mans took pictures thru a window of her getting down w steve then they get talked into sleeping w each other by a 59 year old dude who got them drunk this aint a healthy foundation
best ship isn't even on here 😭
the main one gets out first lmaooo
Damn, absolutely no taste on this sub. 99% chance the Mike x will gang mass voted because they hate women who get in the way of their ship.  funny though because byler is not and will never be canon, so 😘
Dustin and Susie will win.
Mark as spoiler..
Elmax
WHERE ARE DUSTIN AND STEVE
Bylers are VICIOUS
I stg if this ends up with Will and Mike and not Hopper and Joyce due to some weird virtue signalling nonsense
I'm calling it wike and you can't stop me (I hate that ship)
I mean it’s either Max and Lukas or Harper and Joyce
If we’re voting someone out them I vote Eddie & Chrissy. All she did was buy drugs from him 💀  Best ship though personally is either Max & Lucas, Bob & Joyce or Robin & Nancy
The lack of Murray + Joyce hurts me
I stand corrected - Noah Schnapp did come out as gay. That being said, what does that even matter?
DAMN 😭
I vote Robin and the other gal. We know nothing about how they work together and pretty much zero about the other gal. Robin is the only reason to like it.
I will die on this hill joyce and jim do not belong together and they shouldn’t be together. Argue with your momma. 😅
And they say mileven people are toxic lmaoo. I’m a byler shipper but you’re kidding yourself if you think byler shippers are less toxic than milevens
How is there not a steve and robin?
Ngl, it's really suspicious to me that the names are erased and retyped by OP
Where... where is Steve/Dustin?? 🥺
 How is Stevstin not a thing at all?
This sub is so horny.. Jfc.
will deserves better than mike js
Can we vote on El (Millie) and Will’s (Noah) relationship in real life? Because it’s ADORABLE!
What!? Where's Will and Eleven? Where's Willeven!!?
Y’all underestimate the dustybun
idk how Nancy x Robin wasn't the first to go there's absolutely nothing there at all and I was kinda surprised to even see it as an option tbh
mileven over fake ships that don’t even exist??😭 I’m so done
That's how bland Ted and Karen are.
Because nobody cares enough about ted and karen to "waste" their vote on them.
right lol   but then again people will vote for what they seriously dislike, rather than something they could care less about
Ted and Karen do not get in the way of anyone's favorite ship.
Because no one has an opinion on them, but all the Bylers feel strongly about hating Mileven. I suspect Byler will make an early exit as well.
you have to be remembered to be booted
I know I'm honestly shocked. I genuinely thought they'd be top 7, maybe even top 5.
SAME IM SHOCKED LMAO
the poll got to tumblr lol
If that was sarcasm, it was masterfully played   a certain chunk of the sub's certainly obsessed with hating them, and it shows.
Like, I get it, this fandom has probably the largest ship war in human history. But like, how is canon beaten IN THE FIRST ROUND!?
This one was handled all wrong. Most of these have been. Voting for the thing you dislike the most, rather than the thing you like the most will ALWAYS get some of the most favorite things eliminated early, because those things are targeted by people who like other things. OP should have put in the work to count the favorites instead of relying on the result of 1 number to move on to the next round. Completely backwards.
 I’m pretty (definitely) sure it was the latter
Lots of spite
Probably all the Byler fanatics.
I hope it was the first. I mean they had a really good development.
Though I could see the case for adding more, it doesn’t really seem fair to add them in the middle of the game.
I do think some popular ships are really missing on this. Still, as a Steddie shipper (I'm a big multishipper when it comes to fanon), I would prefer to just move quickly to the next poll rather than adding more ships to the list. I mean, it's already weird to have Mileven out before Ted and Karen or Argyle and Eden. It's mostly going to be a ship war between shippers and I want my ship to be left outside of this poll.    I still hope Joyce and Bob or Lumax win this game.
Where Katinka and Yuri ship?
As much as I don't like either ship, I think Steddie (literally the most popular ship on AO3) and Billy × Karen (which was canon-ish) should be included.
Honestly either way is fine. Its only the second vote. I doubt it would hurt now.
I'd probably add Steddie
Considering it was the #1 ship on AO3 last year, Steddie should be here.
If you wanted to add some more popular non canon ships, I think Steddie and Harringrove would be a good idea because they have a lot of shippers. I think Stonathan is big too. Steve is a very shippable man lol. Billy x Karen is close to being a canon ship but I know that one is controversial.   Thanks as always for making these polls and being open to feedback 😊
Who cares its already ruined
Sending you a personal thank you for adding my favorite ship in ❤️ it definitely isn’t winning, but it’s nice to be represented lol
I need Steve and Dustin in my life.
And why I voted villains.
Same, which is why I think Jopper will actually make it pretty far! There are some Bob/Joyce fans but not enough to make it all that contentious I don’t think. Most people either love Jopper or they just don’t care
That's what I think tbh. I honestly don't care who Mike ends up with but I personally don't think he shares Will's feelings. As long as Will is happy I don't care lol. Jancy is my personal favourite.
it would actually be hilarious if the two most contentious ships on the show were the first two to get voted out
Yeah if I had to guess Byler was the second largest group.
I'm honestly surprised they are still here. Wtf is there to ship with them?
This is already a complete joke lol
I know! Robin and the girl who I can’t even remember her name are still there?! I thought Robin could do better than a Molly Ringwald copycat.
Just because it’s a big deal in the show doesn’t mean people have to like it, maybe that’s the reason they are tired of it
I’m so upset I’m not even going to participate anymore. Rage quit.
Not really. The top is Lumax (even in promo material) and maybe Jopper. Mileven is divisive, especially since the s3 Max & El thing.
the delusional bylers found this post lmao
ikr i cannot believe they went first 💀
wdym awful it’s just people’s opinions 😭
It's a tumultuous mix hardcore fans and trolls.
Agree, it seemed very shoe-horned in. I don’t like media where they force two 12 year olds to fall in love. I don’t do Byler or Mileven.
Please give Karen a big prize at the end, like Dmitri or something.
The Duffers would be brave (in the best sense of the word) if they dared make them divorce as their happy ending. They're the personification of "conformity's what's killing the kids".
given how this sub voted in the scene game, I'd be very surprised if Steve or Eddie's ships were eliminated early.
💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼
Literally me. like yes I ship byler but that doesn’t make Mileven a *bad* ship. I voted ted and Karen because they are only married because they have to be, there is literally no love with them. I’m genuinely shocked Mileven was out so fast, and wouldn’t be surprised If the second biggest least fav ship was byler lmao. And yea the user just added that ship to the poll because it was requested a lot
i know right? i almost cant believe it. a quarter of the votes is WILD
You want my honest opinion? In season 4 they put FAR TOO much emphasis on Will suffering over this relationship, and essentially fixing it with his van speech, instead of Mike and El having a genuine heart to heart or something. So honestly not a good move from the writers! And not a good look for this pairing.  They should've just written Will a love interest in cali, and Mike could take SOME advice from Will to show their friendship yeah, but when it crosses just friendly advice to "i'm gonna give you a confession and pretend your girlfriend said this to quell your insecurities" it's a no go for me.
I think many people have a negative view towards Mileven after the writers decided to make Will in love with Mike and then use him to support this couple. They literally had him confess his feelings as Eleven’s feelings. So now my mind just associates Mileven with gay suffering and Will crying. If they intended for us to love their star couple, then I have no idea what they were thinking by doing that. (I voted Ted and Karen though)
It’s bc mileven’s been real annoying for the last two seasons
Na, it's cause they want Mike with Will and wanted to win over Mileven. The other ships are not competition.
Apparently doesn’t mean people like them.
i'd say jopper is the main ship
That’s probably one of the reason people can’t stand them anymore
What do you mean people don't like what I like??? It's rigging! #stopthecount
agreed
Any season Mileven, it makes zero sense for them to be voted out before over half of these. The lowest pit of mike and eleven which isnt even bad or serious is still higher than the highest of majority of this list.
This made me laugh 😆
Dang, I was hoping for a Stobin.
Why? None of these ships make sense/are appropriate within the confines of the show. By this logic Steve/Robin deserve a slot too. You're just fetishizing every interaction between two characters at this point.  I'm out.
Lmao, Steve and Jonathan ? Billy and Steve ? How that make sense ? Lmao, it's ridiculous.
>Steve/Eddie  Guess who's next out!
Leave it on the floor.
There's a link to vote on this one :)
[removed]
Spite voting for sure it’s the bylers cos the majority hate Milevens for a reason they don’t even know which is just like wtf 🤔
karen/billy was just added tho, it wasn't there at the beginning. still, i wouldn't be surprised if this ship was next out
>when Karen/Billy is right there.  They weren't there yesterday.
Pretty sure their relation was mean to be romantic since the beginning. Their reunion in season 2 is still the best reunion in the show.
Agreed!!! Platonic soulmates imo!
same
More sweet and believable than Lumax ? 🤨
Then you will be watching a different S5 lol
So believable and sweet that most of the fandom and GA can’t stand them anymore
this is a poll where people vote for their least favorite ship, not their favorite. so it doesn’t mean more people prefer karen/ted but that more dislike mileven. as others have said it will be the most contentious ones that go first since people feel more passionately about them
Bit odd to link liking a ship to a generation can I just ask out curiosity your reasoning
there are middle aged ppl who want them together too you know
Not only GenZ, tho.
Gen z are fucking weird
I’m GenZ and hate the need for everything to be LGTB it just makes everything so boring. I’m not opposed to it as a whole but I hate when it’s so forced.
Yeah i'm done
this sub shits on anyone that says they ship mike with anyone that isnt el, this is the exact opposite of what i was expecting
I can say unequivocally I wasn't.
Vote for your least favorite style polls are not an accurate reflection overall fan opinion though so no its not a disconnect at all
It shouldn’t even be a ship
Sameee
Like you said, a lot of people noticed that things were off on Mike’s end. I originally liked Mileven when I was much younger watching the show but S3 turned me off the ship and after rewatching I have to say the relationship is very odd with them only knowing each other a week and mostly being shoved together by other people telling us that their connection is romantic (Nancy, Lucas, etc.) despite El asking moments before a kiss if Mike would be like her brother. Ick! Some people also ship Mike/Will and see Mileven as something that unhealthily contrasts their relationship built on years of friendship. Others are indifferent towards Mike/Will but dislike how Will’s feelings and confession was used to prop up Mike/El’s failing relationship.
Don’t have to be a byler shipper to be tired of El and Mike’s dynamics fyi
Sorry mate, but that's how polls work. If 1/4 of the fanbase voted mileven out, it means that that many people disliked it.
>I hate to say it but this has been rigged - every single byler on this sub will have picked mileven to prove a point cos they hate the fact that mileven is popular and is actually canon unlike byler  So what you're saying is that people voted for their least favorite ship, which is *exactly what the instructions tell people to do*. That's not rigging, that's just participating in the poll.
I don’t hate mileven, but how is it popular? Considering they’re the main couple, they should be way more popular. They aren’t the most loved ship in any social network.
mileven is canon: true  mileven is popular: untrue. at least not in 2023.
“mileven is popular.” Which ship has 3 the most amount of TikToks again? And the larger amount of followers on Tumblr? AND the larger subreddit? And a fanbase that’s actively growing instead of rapidly shrinking?
So many Byler fans are gonna get triggered by your comment but that doesn't change the fact that's it's true.
We can't know, because it can influence our votes in the next rounds.
Byler is the worst ship ever those two were a great example of good friends before they decided to make will gay and ruin their whole friendship
First of all, stop it. get some help. Second of all, it wouldn’t be “suddenly.” If you watch the show carefully with your eyes open, the narrative arc and specific queercoding clues have been pointing in the direction of Byler endgame throughout the whole show.
mike and will are minors and you’re gross
He was clear when he said he would include canon ships and popular fanon ships, tho. A relationship doesn't have to be canonically romantic for people to see romantic *potential* and ship it. It's always been like this. The concept of shipping was born like that, way before the internet, with people shipping Kirk and Spock in the 70s/60s.
100%, some of these ships are so weird that u could put "Brenner/Dustin" and it would barely be any worse
Let people have opinions?
Because Jonathan and Argyle don't bother anyone personally. Mileven do.
OP has been doing these “eliminate your least favorite” polls for months. People didn’t commit a mistake voting. It’s just that people who hate mileven eliminated them. They have the highest amount of haters (not the lowest amount of fans).
Because bylers mass voted lol 😭
There is now. But I hope it gets voted out. (Here come the angry Steddie shippers coming to downvote me)
Imagine blaming a 12 year old who was the only one who tried protecting someone that all his friends were wanting to leave for dead and give her back to her abusers and saying he was "taking advantage of her" lmao
Went to take a look and it’s true. And ig that’s why this reply got downvoted🤣
The votes are for LEAST favorite.
Yes, people ship two lifelong best friends who promised to go crazy together when one is canonically in love with the other and one has considerable amounts of queercoding because they… (checks notes)… hate women who get in the way of their ship.
What about Byler makes it “weird” virtue signaling? Spell it out for me. Go ahead, I dare you.
At least Eddie and Chrissy had chemistry. Karen and Ted are  pure misery.
why?
What are you talking about?
I doubt any shallow rando introduced in the last season to be Will's last minute bf would be better than Mike nor would be able to have a meaningful and touching relationship with Will like Mike has...
it's ship ELIMINATION, not a 'vote for your favourite ship'  and it's supposed to be for FICTIONAL ships. noah and millie are real people and only friends
1. it’s a vote for least favourite, not favourite ships 2. these are fictional not irl 3. they’re best friends, no more 4. Noah is GAY so I’ll just stop you right there  lol okay
Maybe because they’re half-siblings and potentially step-siblings and Will is canonically gay.
Ronance is an extremely popular ship. Not saying it will be canon because Robin and Vickie is obviously where the story is going, but a lot of people are very passionate about the ship and haven’t warmed up to Robin and Vickie yet (I think it’s mainly cause they’ve barely interacted but Nancy spent much of the season with Robin). You didn’t pick up on any vibes and see their hypothetical potential at all? To me it makes more sense than Steddie (which is also popular).
Watch Ted and Karen be finalists for this very reason.
I hear you but the best way to get to the best is to eliminate the worst and Ted and Karen are by far and wide the worst.
That makes them the easiest to get rid of.
byler stancy jancy all making quick exits in the following rounds lol
Definitely my first choice.
Lol they’re right there in the lineup
Its because you are running it as "least favorite" so every byler is obviously going to vote for it.
Really respect the effort you put into running these polls, but voting to eliminate rather than to save was never going to produce an accurate result here. The final winner will be the least hated, not the most loved.
I told you though, remember?
Somebody wasn’t around for the Harry Potter ship wars lol
“Largest ship war in human history” lol you’ve never been in the Harry Potter fandom or the Buffy fandom. Even the 100 had a worse ship war. I was in the glee fandom as well and the ship wars were worse.  Also, just cause something is canon doesn’t make it better. The amount of people who don’t understand that in this fandom is crazy. Doesn’t mean it’s entitled to win at all just because it’s canon. I didn’t personally vote for mileven and I don’t think it should have left this early but many people haven’t been in a fandom and it shows. Non canon ships are ALWAYS more popular.
Byler shippers were brought over.
Just bc it’s canon doesn’t mean we have to like it lol
It's the main canon couple! I get it if they're not the favorites but couples who had literally 2 minutes of screen time beat them.   This is too ridiculous to be upset imo. Like, WTH is this? 😭😂
Untreated, cancer is basically undefeated against normal cells.
People value their fantasies in their head more than the writers of this show apparently. This is definitely one of the most stupid polls I've seen based on this. Mike and El have less support than Jonathan and Argyle? Yeah okay
well, this is all the 'win' the Bylers are ever going to get, canon remains canon.
I voted for them but I don’t even like byler or any other eleven ships 🥲 I don’t know why i just don’t like this ship, i just honestly see eleven as an ace who doesn’t need to have a boyfriend the whole show.
That's why I'm asking now because I've had so many requests and thought it would be better to check sooner rather than later. This game is already way more stressful than the others hahaha.
LMAO SAME, don’t need people to start being negative about steddie 🥱
Argyle and Eden is pretty good
I definitely should've included Steddie, still a bit uncomfortable even acknowledging Karen x Billy haha
I think Billy/Karen is a non issue because no one ships it.
You're welcome! Just want to make sure everybody is enjoying it and nobody feels ignored :) Steve is pulling all the guys and girls hahaha. Honestly I think Stonathan is the real solution to the love triangle.
Same here.
Me too. I hope that will be the next game.
I also think there is an overlap with Jopper and Joyce/Bob shippers. I haven't seen any type of war there because Bob was just so sweet. I think both can make it far.
Eh, I stopped being a fan of Bob/Joyce after season 2. I absolutely loved them together during season 2. But I guess you could say that after that season, their relationship just kind of...  Died.
Jancy is my fave too but I'm fairly certain it will go out right after Stancy though maybe not considering most Byler are also Jancy and they clearly are having a big impact.
Finally somebody with some sense, we need people like you.
>Robin and the girl who I can't remember her name are still there?!   I think being completely forgettable works in favour of not being voted out early lol.
> the girl who I can’t even remember her name  Vickie
Actually me too. My second vote is for them. I was happy to see Robin get a love interest. And the way Steve encouraged her was adorable. But it just seemed forced. Like the writers whacked you over the head with how alike they were with their fast nervous talking. Robin can totally do better.
I rage quit the last game because there wasn’t a single Lucas scene and he’s my boy
As a fervent Mileven supporter myself, at least you've made me laugh.
Same. I could be somewhat okay with Alexei being #2 in the side character elimination game (though I don’t think he should have been that high and at least Bob won which was deserved), but this one is too much lol. I’m gonna wait until the next elimination game like the villains. 😅
Lumax was a whole thing for S4, but not for the whole show.
Yeh same, but really? Mileven first? AHEAD OF KAREN x TED?
Karen doesn't deserve anything she's a Creep and a perv at best. If Billy was a girl and Karen was a guy she'd be hated by most of the fanbase.
Right! Same here. I also reprimanded a comment in the previous post that was super vicious toward Byler but I apparently was very naive ahhaha  I was super sure both ships would have reached the top five, heck maybe even a top three, but now I get it, all most popular/divisive ships will probably go first.
Well as someone who always said ship Mike with anyone I am not out race yet. However all people that only placed there bets on Mileven yeah looks like surprisingly didn't work out
maybe the reason that they put so much focus on will…. is because his feelings are relevant??? call them bad writers all you want but they have written plenty of good relationships and they know where the story is going so maybe we should just wait and see what that was setting up for?
>So honestly not a good move from the writers!  Depends on their intentions
Agreed!
i agree. i even saw people on here after S4 who don’t give af about ships saying that they found the scenes b/w Mike and Eleven harder to watch because of how they felt bad for Will. combine that with the fact that people (esp younger people) love the angsty friends to lovers storyline within media, it’s no surprise the interest in Mike and Will has increased. very definitely an unintended reaction by the creators/writers that probably isn’t what they expected.
Well, it's understandable as to why seeing this couple leaves a bad taste in the mouth but it doesn't suffice in explaining as well as to why it's been voted over Ted and Karen and the pairs that I've mentioned among others. Again, shocking because this pair IS a couple and it has its reasons for being a couple and it has amassed fans.  I'm guessing that since there are too many options, many of which are not technically couples, people will first focus on the meaningful ships/actual couples.
[removed]
At least it's a lot more enjoyable to watch than Dustin & Suzie, Robin & Vickie, and Ted & Karen lmaoo
That's a fair point but UGH, I never understood the thing with shipping Mike and Will. I myself resent the fact that Will has gotten the short end of the stick time and time again and so of course I want him to be happy, but I don't want him to be happy by getting in the way of a pre-established relationship where he pairs himself with a person who also never displayed the same affection (hence why I DON'T ship Mike and Will). And I hate that that's how his happiness was set by the writers. It feels like an excuse as to why he should be written as a miserable character as his desires always happen to get in the way of others' desires/progress (another example is how he wants to play DND with his friends but they're reluctant to due to their momentary focus on their relationships).  And you know what, it's ok if Byler doesn't happen (but Will certainly needs to find his happiness elsewhere). I actually really value and enjoy their friendship. Not every two people who deeply care for and stand for one another have to be a couple. It undermines the power of friendships and diminishes what Mike's character is all about (I've always admired how he's the one to have a backbone and stand up for people/things that are questioned and doubted by others). Friendships are hella underrated in media indeed.
Most of the other options are ships that barely feature or are mostly headcanons.   In contrast, Mileven are unavoidable for viewers. If you don’t enjoy their relationship- and there have been plenty of complaints about them in season 4, or especially Mike being nothing but El’s boyfriend nowadays - I think you’re much more likely to vote them out than the rest.   The ones that will last the longest will be those with the fewest haters. Byler will probably be out next due to this result alone.   I’m personally hoping Lucas and Max win, but I think Joyce and Hopper tend to do best in these polls.
One of the best duos for sure
It’s based on demand you dingus
i don’t think you know what the word “fetishizing” means
shush
This is one of the most outrageously ridiculous comments I've ever read lmao.
Robin has exclusively said she liked *girls* only, while Steve and others have never *exclusively* stated anything. Shipping Robin with a man is lesbian erasure, but shipping a (potentially) straight character with someone of the same sex isn’t straight erasure because straight erasure does not exist lol. There are dozens of (presumed) straight characters on the show why are you so obsessed with shipping the only confirmed lesbian with a man
It's not that deep mate it's what people were asking for.
Maybe people are just tired of them, doesn’t have anything to do with Will
They were 12, makes much more sense for them to grow up and just be friends since they’ve been having problems as a couple for the last two seasons
Yes.
Indeed
They’ve been together and are staying together, so not sure why you think otherwise.
That's not true. And if by fandom you mean people on social media, all of them combined isn't even a quarter of the actual fandom or GA. The fact you're even saying that proves you don't understand it. The Byler shippers are groups of sharks that are so afraid their ship actually won't happen, they swarm and attack comments and forums across social media platforms. A ton were brought over here to vote against Mileven (you can see them talk about it on other platforms for god's sake). They're really insecure about their ship. Milevens are not very insecure. Then there are fans who don't like or understand the point of conflict and drama within a relationship, and I don't just mean a lack of communication. The only real conflict Max and Lucas have had was in S4, with Max's depression and inner conflict which made her close herself off from everyone else, and Lucas asking her to open up to him. I would feel more invested in their relationship if I'd seen more of their romance and relationship depth before S4, and by then they're not even together so we still don't see it. There is emotional pain, but again, for me, it's a little late.  Mileven is the most realistic, strongest, and most passionate (as Mike and El are extremely passionate characters) of any relationship on the entire show. Say I'm wrong if you want, but I'm just the messenger because the show's writing makes them that way. If you don't like their characters and don't like them being together, that tells me you either don't care much for their characters or don't understand their relationship at all. I do really mean that, and I'm honestly not trying to be a jerk about it.
I just really meant all my Gen z friends want it and lots of Gen z on here
Don’t know which you refer to but maybe let people ship what they want?
That is a homophobic perspective. You don’t have to personally ship them, not every ship is for everyone, but to say “it shouldn’t even be a ship” is rooted in homophobia
Yeah, eleven seems more her own. Idk if Will should have him, seems that he's too good for Mike, yes I'm biased, I hope s5 proves me wrong and Mike shines through. Not much room to shine with this many characters, though. Good ones too.
And they lost a lot of casual viewers' support around season 3. It was really common seeing their relationship being criticized in any social media platform when S4 was released.
So who is the most popular ship?
Ships have their own subreddits?
Is it Byler? I'm genuinely asking.
people be loggin on reddit and straight up lie.  beside, most popular on tumblr? One ST ship has reached 330k followers,  and it is NOT mileven (even elmax has more followers with 15k)
Specific clues bro shut the fuck up. And a byler stan telling me to get help💀💀💀💀💀 no there has never been clues only clues that will likes Mike not the other way around you retard. In s3 Mike makes a comment to will saying it’s not my fault you don’t like girls now bffr
Fair
All I see from Eddie is Hellcheer, unless I’m missing a picture.
They even said he took advantage on accident which isn’t even possible
yeah my comment did not in any way get the point I was trying to get at across, what I meant was after all of El's trauma it's messed up to ship her with Mike because Mike didn't realize how him dating El is inappropriate and not okay
regardless of that part being incorrect the fact people like them is absurd
As a queer person who has thought of Will as gay since like season 2. Mike does not have a crumb of queer coding, like at all. He clearly and very obviously cares about El in a romantic way, while viewing Will as his best friend, not his lover, lol.
[removed]
Yeah Karen and Ted are the definition of a soulless marriage to the point she almost cheated on him with Billy.
1. Hopper has anger and control issues. 2. He doesn’t take no for an answer. And I’m kind of tired of people saying those that act like him the real world are creeps and then turn around praise them in fictional settings. 3. Technically he kept El because he missed his daughter and then allowed to grow Stockholm syndrome. 4. Joyce is only trauma bonded to him. And that’s only some.
I meant you should've just left where it originally said Mike and Eleven in the poll conclusion instead of manually typing it yourself because you could've typed anything there so it makes it suspicious. I'm sure you're not lying but I'm just meaning the fact that it was typed makes it seen weird
1. I was being sarcastic. 2. Show me an article or anything where Noah says he is gay, rather than you bust assuming.   I’m surprised so many people disliked this, I didn’t intend it, thinking others would know that I was joking, and thought it was cute/funny I guess? It’s not that deep.  Edit: I clearly don’t keep up with things enough because I did see that he came out as gay. That being said, what difference does that make? In what I said or the post????
Sexuality is fluid, he might just be bi with Mikesexual tendencies. They've never explicitly stated he's 100% gay, just overt hints. Also they aren't blood half-siblings.  Also also if you can ship Max and Eleven even though Eleven is canonically straight, then why is this a stretch?  Also also also Jonathan and Argyle.
I didn't pick up anything between them. I could barely even buy their friendship tbh, it mostly just felt like Robin wanted Nancy to like her and Nancy just begrudgingly accepted her for the most part.  The Steve x Eddie ship is also barely justifiable but those two at least had a little bit of a working relationship that didn't seem like simply tolerating the other's existence.  Tbf though I'm not really one to ship people in shows if they're not already shown being together in that show (and even then I sometimes disagree about the direction being taken, like how I really didn't (and still don't) like the Jonathan x Nancy relationship).
That's what I am starting to think too at this point lol   Top three will be Ted/Karen, Bob/Joyce and Argyle/Eden
You’re not wrong, but that’s not the logic most people are using here. Ships have way too much personal bias behind them, so people would rather eliminate a ship that conflicts with their own than the actual worst relationship.
Sure, but people don't care enough to click them.
And yet, noone bothers. Byler and Elmax shippers will vote against Mileven, Mileven shippers vote against Byler, but noone bothers to vote on Ted and Karen, since everyone is just like "Yeah whatever" and moves on.
I think you're right. Unfortunately this is the most straight forward way to run the game and share the pie charts.
byler shippers don’t automatically hate it though
This is likely the correct explanation. While there may be a lot of Mileven shippers on the sub, it's not as if they are united against one of the other options. All it takes is a vocal minority to get voted out.
Final result is gonna be the least offensive ship: aka lumax.
And Supernatural...
[removed]
And the occasional Elmax shippers, but i suppose those aren't very numerous.
And if you don't, I do not care. Ship who you ship, draw who you draw, just know I won't be a fan of it. Simple as
THANK YOU GOOD SIR (Or Madam) FOR EXPRESSION MY THOUGHTS!  Have a cookie :D  And an Iron Cross for braving the danger that is r/StrangerThings
Thank you good sir for expression my feelings in one sentence  &#x200B;  Have a cookie :D  And an Iron Cross
idk if i'm misunderstanding this reply but there is literally no need to compare people to untreated cancer over a freaking fictional ship poll 😭😭
I totally agree!  Like c'mon people, 4 seasons of romance, break ups, regroupings and kisses, AND YOUR STILL NOT ENTERTAINED!?
i think a poll where people voted for their favorite would show who has the least support. this is a poll where ppl vote for their least favorite, so it will reflect not who had the least support but what is disliked the most, if that makes sense
Let them enjoy their delusion if they want to, they are only setting themselves up for disappointment but that's their prerogative.
I’ll circle back to this in 2 years.
Tell that to vickie & her bf, nancy & steve, bob & joyce..point is things change!
Yip! Let them enjoy it while it lasts, I suppose.
100%. They were "cute" initially, but became tiresome in S3. There's also the whole codependency factor. But I'm biased because Mike is not even in my top five favorite characters. (He's not a 'favorite' character at all tbqh.)   And this is going to sound a bit harsh, but I think Mike's biggest attraction to El is her 'superpowers.'
You’re doing great!! Seriously, do what you want!!
Oh, I like them together, they're cute and it's my favorite ship for Argyle, but they should have been eliminate long before Mileven.
If you can include Steddie that would be awesome!
Go for it! It’s canon after all.
You’re doing a great job!! These polls are so fun and I really enjoy the discussions and drama 😂 I know you catch some haters on these, but just know a lot of us appreciate you for doing this!   Poor Steve is so shippable but remains single 💔
I'm very flattered! I think the ship wars have gotten about out of hand for fictional teenage characters lmao. Will deserves somebody who loves him back and if that turns out to be Mike then fine but the poor boy has watched Mike pine over Eleven for years, let him find somebody who pays him full attention.
i think most people feel that way except for the hardcore ones
Yeah, her. I couldn’t even remember her name yet Mike and El are out? What kind of craziness is going on here?
The Lucas and Jason fight scene was on there wasn’t it? Honestly that scene was mid at best tbh but still infuriating that they massacred our boy Lucas like that
Omg there wasn't.......what's your favourite Lucas scene? :) him and El making up in s1 always sticks out to me. Very mature for a kid. And obviously "I never should have knocked".
Mileven wasn't a top ship in earlier seasons either. They were always second at most.  S1 they were too young to be a real top ship, they were there but the romance front was dominated by the OG love triangle.  S2 there was just lots of competition, lots of couples with good buildup, and the Mileven SnowBall scene was kinda weak (neither MBB nor Finn were comfortable filming).  S3 they could have been top ship, even with the strong competition. Jopper, Jancy, Lumax all had their moments, and I refuse to acknowledge Stobin but it was a thing, yet still Mileven could have likely won that round. Except Max started a whole toxicity resistance, so lots of people started noticing/ talking about the problems with Mileven while Jopper got this huge heartbreaking dramatic end.  S4 Mileven was going through the trenches, but Lumax was striving every moment on screen and Jopper hat their kiss.
🌝
Hmm Will was almost in every single Mileven scene and the focus was on him. If they cared about Mileven so much,they would give them multiple heart to hearts like with byler,but they didn't give them a single one. They know exactly what they're doing lmao
I mean, you have a point there
I tbh blame it on the writers because they could taken advantage of the fact that Will no longer lives in Hawkins (which means that the people surrounding him do not perceive him strangely due to his incident in the UD) that he can now make new friends and even find a partner + the fact that nothing is now stopping Mike and Eleven, who've been in a relationship for quite a while, from fixing their relationship (Hopper and Max are no longer interfering and neither is the lack of contact). The writers don't know what they're doing.  It is expected though that Will still complains about his best friends' lack of interest towards him after he moved but why take it a whole new level and make him fall in love with him? It dismisses his point (which he made since S3 when he was begging his friends to play with him) about how Mike should care about him because they've been friends for a very long time which in and of itself is a sufficiently good point, and Mike is in a FREAKING relationship that's been built since S2. And now the writers are shocked as to why people aren't celebrating Mileven as much as they want them to lmaoo. Mileven isn't directly to blame however every time people hear about it, they also think of Will's misery and struggle and hence dislike the relationship.
>but it doesn't suffice in explaining as well as to why it's been voted over Ted and Karen and the pairs that I've mentioned among others  By saying "vote for your least favorite" they're basically saying "vote for the ship you hate the most". If it was "vote for your favorite ship", the ones that appear the least would go out first.
[removed]
[removed]
What’s wrong with Dustin/Susie or Robin/Vickie???
Wait until you realize that Mike actually displays MORE affection for Will than the other way around, and most Bylers ship Byler because we’ve primarily been convinced by Mike’s actions and by the larger narrative (also some of the other shops you mentioned, while I don’t believe they’ll be canon, are pretty popular (at least in certain corners of the internet), especially Elmax.
Well, I think Mike is obviously in love with Will and therefore nothing about this storyline is frustrating and everything is set up perfectly.   IMO Mike is not lacking in friendships and I hope for very powerful friendship moments with Lucas and/or Dustin, if I'm very lucky also Max, and obviously him finally becoming platonic friends with El is a main arc! I think there is boatloads of caring for each other in those relationships. But that thing with Will is obviously not platonic friendship. You do not flirt with your friends that way, you do not even fight with your friends quite that way and that's not a bad thing for friendship. It is what it is.
Back at ya, lmao.
I don’t ship Robin and Steve together, you’re taking what I said out of context. I think this whole poll is stupid and is just creating a bunch of unnecessary drama. As I said, I’m out.
Oh interesting, there is a problem with shipping a lesbian character with a man, but there is nothing wrong with shipping two straight characters ? Interesting. And do remember Steve saying he likes boobies. But whatever, I guess, this is just ridiculous.
Yeah, but it's still ridiculous and don't make any sense. If that's what this poll is about, okay then.
1/4 of the fandom seems to think otherwise
Because I understand how narrative, cinematography, parallels, set design, and character arcs work.
Thanks I am also Gen Z and ship Mike with who ever makes him happy (as I just want my favourite character to be happy) I was just wondering why you linked a ship and generation now know which is awesome thank you.
Uhhhh, no. That’s not how this works. If it was Mike and Max I would say the same thing because it’s two characters who have no suggested chemistry on screen. It makes total sense that Robin and Tammy are on here, or even Alexi and Mr Bunman. But I guess it is a matter of opinion
Certainly Lumax and Jopper.
The general audience stopped supporting mileven because:   1- They thought that Mike and Eleven were so obsessed with each other that they forgot about paying attention to their friends and themselves.   2- They thought Mike and Hopper's rivalry over Eleven was unnecessary.   3- They thought that Mike made Eleven feel as if the only thing that mattered about her was her powers.   And a lot of people in the fandom stopped supporting mileven because of Will/byler:  1- Some people thought it was unfair that Will's love confession to Mike was used to strengthen mileven.  2- Some people just want byler to be endgame and that's why they hate mileven.   I think the most popular couples by the general audience are Jopper and Lumax.   Jancy and Byler are also popular in the fandom.   And when it comes to headcanons, people love Steddie as a concept and there are a lot of stories about them in ao3.
They do, I mean they’re not very popular/active, but they do exist
Yes
And it's the biggest ship tag of Tumblr by far along with Steddie. Byler went from 2k followers to 330k in less than a year, after S4's release, meanwhile Mileven used to have 8k followers and now has 10k. It was a huge growth. The third place (Destiel, I think) has only around 140k followers.  Considering this sub has almost 1.1M followers, it's impressive the Byler tag on Tumblr - a space dedicated for only 2 characters - having around 30% of size of the main ST discussion platform.
Tumblr will never choose a straight ship over a gay one
Wait until you realize that the rain fight you’re referencing and that comment in particular is one of the BIGGEST pieces of evidence for Mike Wheeler’s queercoding. And wait until you realize that the vast majority of the clues that hinted at Will liking Mike in earlier seasons were actually initiated by MIKE. And wait until you realize that most Bylers started shipping Byler because of Mike’s actions, not the other way around.
The OP made a comment earlier about adding Steddie, Steve x Billy, Steve x Jonathan, and Billy x Karen. It should be in the poll now if you click on the link.
What if I told you that Mike is MORE queercoded than Will?
[removed]
I'm so confused, if you're talking about the pie chart I didn't type anything. The names show up automatically based on poll stats and I cover the ones that weren't eliminated a) to keep suspense and make it more interesting and b) to make sure votes aren't swayed by people knowing who is in the lead.
um, okay, so… how was I supposed to know you were being sarcastic? He said that his character was gay and he himself has came out on tiktok. ‘What different does it make?’ what? the different is, that Noah is gay, Will is gay, and El is a girl… that’s the difference.
The writers literally made Will show repulsion towards three beautiful and nice girls who showed interest in him.   And Noah said that Will is gay.
That’s fair, I think some people prefer to stick to what’s strictly canon and others see potential and are more interested in shipping what could be
>and Elmax   Stop dragging Elmax shippers into this, thanks, just own it this is a Byler driven grudge.
So its already been rigged.  Edit: I meant the Antis have already cottoned on what to do and that is rigging.  Edit: And the amount of people downvoting me is proving my point.
No, but it’s a bylers natural enemy lmao
Its probably the least favorite of most of them though
Exactly! I'm all for Mileven but didn't participate in round 1 because I don't like voting for least favourite/worst of anything. Byler shippers, on the other hand, seem united in their war against Mileven, if this poll is anything to go by.
Yeah 100%  It’s a very inoffensive ship, and their sweet season 4 arc is still fresh in people’s mind. Might as well give them the W now
[removed]
elmax is pretty big on tiktok
Elmax shippers aren't this focused on hating the girls' canon ships though, don't try to pin this on us.
I mean the fanatics can fight it all they want, but Mileven is still canon, and will be 50 years from now. I don't know, the lengths some of these people go to makes me laugh.
Us Elmax and Lumax shippers are chill af, just vibing in the back.  It’s the Byler vs Mileven shippers that are always at each other’s throats.
Idk, personally I’ve shipped a ton of non-canon ships (across a variety of fandoms) and never necessarily expected them to go canon. It was nice when they did, but for me shipping is just about which dynamics I find most interesting/who I see chemistry between.
Oh man I can't wait for season 5 to blow the minds of everyone on this sub
please do, thanks.   As I said, canon remains canon.
lol sure, if that's what you need to tell yourself.   Just spare us from the tantrums in two years when canon still fails to give you what you want.
You’re halfway to understanding some of the main arguments for Byler 😉 (not the disliking mike part, but the other things you said)
Thank you, that's so kind! :)
But they’re not hated as much as that
[removed]
Yeah, lets just look over the evidence, Bylers, sit your buts down and lend me your ears. (But don't give me shit later, I'm not getting into a ship war over a UNICEF Ambassador, a musician and the guy who was Charlie Brown)  Yes Mike and El have their hard points, and in S3 she does dump his ass, but I think the thing some people don't see is they *reconcile.* Yes, Will has feelings for Mike. Is it Mutual? Not really? Mike *could* be bi at a pinch, but he is not gay, not even close. Meanwhile, Eleven has feelings for Mike, and Mike is elevensexual at this point, so it is mutual.  I don't care who the hell you ship, just don't make it stupid (or illegal) and don't tell me if breaks canon (I am in your walls, I will find you, and I will kill you, canon is canon to me bitch). Just accept the change of Byler actually happening at this point is slim to none  Thanks for listening to my TED Talk.  &#x200B;  (Also damn that felt like a good little rant  Also, no problem
Np
exactly, people on this sub act like the obsessive people on twitter make up every single shipper. i like byler but it is NOT that serious i dont care if they end up together. its just cute
Might be all the Byler shippers. From what I've heard, they're all over social media I'm not on twitter/fb/tiktok so I can't personally verify anything. Just what I've seen in this sub and other ST discussions.
It wasn’t on there lol  Edit: it’s in there
I really disagree. They were the only ship that are really central and important in all 4 seasons - and really all 5 as it's still not concluded/resolved.   S1 is very much about Mike and El, it is not necessary for them to be romantic for that, but since they made it romantic, it must be said that S1 was a lot about Mileven.   S2 Mileven was THE thing. It completely knocked me off my feet while my attitude was all "Can we not?" in S1. Eleven's main motivation at the start was to get back to Mike and the scene with the walkie talkie was really strong and emotive. Then she was so hurt he was talking to Max (not a sane reaction of course) that she decided to immediately look for her mother instead. She found her sister with a whole gang and then came to the realization, nah, she belongs to her friends in Hawkins, Returning she had an amazing emotional reunion - not with "her friends at Hawkins" but only with Mike. That scene was always more important for them than the Snowball.  S3 huge amounts of Mileven content, silly, fun and serious, Lumax being very much a supporting player to it. S4 had high Mileven drama all through and the climax was largely Mileven themed. (Though of course here Lumax was a really big deal, indeed)  It is pretty much the relationship at the center of that show. Probably together with Will, who I left out here in an attempt of simplicity, the love triangle at the center of the show. Nancys triangle is really window dressing by comparison.
ever thought that maybe the writers want you to dislike mileven?
Nothing's "wrong" with them imo, they're just boring couples lmaoo. Seeing them finally felt anti-climatic; there was a lot of anticipation building as the characters were describing their loved ones (Dustin talking about Suzie and Robin talking about Vickie) only for us to get a mere glimpse of their interaction, though there could be more coming in the upcoming season. However you are free to disagree with me! :)
Yeah I agree. For 3 seasons straight, majority of the "moments" between them was initiated by Mike, not Will.  It's only in season 4 that that shifted, and we got explicit confirmation about Will's feelings. But if you had told me years ago as I watched the seasons unfold as a teen, that one of the boys in the party likes another boy- I would straight up guess Mike liked Will, and think he's bi or something.
Elmax is already a thing in the fandom? Oh wow  Question: did you ship Will and Mike in S1 and S2?
Do you mind explaining to me how Mike is 'obviously' in love with Will back? From what I've seen, nothing that he has done can not be done by a mere friend towards another friend. And even then, we didn't see him struggle with his feelings, if anything he kept talking about/directing his attention towards El nonstop and ignoring Will in return + be genuinely oblivious as to what Will was trying to communicate to him.  Otherwise I agree, I wish we could see more moments of Mike and Dustin and Lucas. Hell, throw in Will too. I miss the party :')
Again, straight erasure does not exist because there are PLENTY of straight characters and straight people are not treated poorly like lgbt people are and have been historically (i.e. not allowed to marry, murdered, ostracized). Also, yeah Steve said he likes boobies. He never said he *only* liked boobies. There’s this thing called bisexuality. But I think bottom line this comes down to not understanding that straight erasure does not exist because straight people are not and have never been oppressed.
Lucas and Max always seem like friends to me. And the fandom here is very small, but feel free to like who you like.
How fun, so do I!
The problem with your argument is that it’s objectively false, even if you don’t ship Byler. Will is canonically in love with Mike, so shipping Byler is not the same thing as shipping Madwheeler (Mike and Max). (but also, like even certain out there ships are just in good fun so to say they “shouldn’t be ships” is also ridiculous since people ship everything under the sun within fandom, but that’s a different discussion). The El/Mike/Will dynamic is presented as love triangle in the same way that the Bob/Joyce/Hopper dynamic was and the Jonathan/Nancy/Steve dynamic is. So if you accept those ships as “valid” ships that people logically might support, then you can’t turn around and say that Byler “shouldn’t be a ship” when it’s literally half-canon so of course people are passionate about it. ALSO, what? How does it make more sense that Alexi and Murray here than two lifelong best friends who promised to go crazy together??? Even if Will wasn’t canonically gay and even if there wasn’t evidence for Byler’s reciprocation (which I STRONGLY believe there is), how does that make sense?
I can't believe your being called a homophobe and getting downvoted for saying you think a single gay ship is a bad one (I too think Byler is one of the worst ships in television, and I'm definitely not a homophobe)
You getting downvoted proves that this poll was definitely put on tumblr. This is not the first time I see this guys comments, and he gets massively upvoted
That is impressive.
Byler stans are delusional 💀💀💀💀 get help
Hey, just want to say I appreciate what you're doing in this thread and on this sub generally. Last time I made a comment that questioned Mileven, I got one of the nastier Mileven redditors getting unnecessarily aggressive and decided it's not really worth it for me to engage here much.   Coming out of S4, I was 100% convinced Mike was hetero until I checked out all the close-read evidence, and then it hit me like a gd lightning bolt. But I think a lot of people are too invested in their ship to be willing to look closer at all the narrative choices that are setting up Byler. I think there's also a healthy (unhealthy) dose of homophobia and 'ewwww' factor going on for some fans.   Anyway, thank you for doing the lonely work of politely representing us in this sub. <3
Ah, dope, thanks.
Ah, yes, he's definitely more queercoded than the character whose openly called gay and called slurs from the very first episode.
I’d laugh at you for being delusional.
[removed]
All the names are listed as "Joyce and Hopper, Mike and Eleven, Max and Lucas" but when the results come through its listed as "Mike & el" and changed to an & symbol by the voting system? It was clearly typed. I can see the blurriness around the text where it was added onto the image. It was manually put there.
It’s not that deep.
So (Jonathan and Argyle) and (Max and Eleven) and (Nancy and Robin) can be shipped despite the show's establishment of their respective sexualities but (Mike and Will) can be shipped even if Mike is straight. Because Will is...gay.  Well this is fucking with my head. These rules seem so arbitrary.  EDIT: They literally made Mike straight so I just can't reconcile that with your argument. Like....**Will can't be shipped with Eleven** because he's gay. But also then **Mike can't be shipped with Will** because he's straight. That's....that's reasonable isn't it?
I don't think that word means what you think it means
How is it rigged 😭
The poll says to vote for least favorite and people did. I don't see how that's rigging regardless of where the votes came from
I mean you could always make your own
no? multi shippers exist, and one’s canon so most are probably fine with it
Yep exactly! They were excellent in season 4.   Not so much in season 3 (they were kind of just in the background, a little silly but mostly harmless). But the duffers really wrote their relationship nicely this season and they deserve kudos for that.
[removed]
Yeah, but i doubt a lot of those frequent reddit enough to have had much of a swing on this vote.
Well i for one will continue to ship Byler no matter how unlikely it is that Mike actually reciprocates Will's feelings.
ikr why the Bylers in here pretending we hate Mileven like them wtf   (Elmax stan here, I will die on the hill of last season was ultimately all about these two girls and their love but I'm not here for hating their canon ships)
RemindMe! 2 years
Just to be clear u believe byler will happen right?
It's true, you're right.  I think I'm just not in the same mindset of the majority here, I'm mostly voting for the ships I find mostly boring (I vote already two times for Ted and Karen in this poll). Mileven is maybe not the most healthy couple here, but they entertained me more than the two couple I mentionned before.   However, I don't really care who win this poll, I know my ships aren't going to far except maybe for Lumax. I would be pretty okay with Argyle and Eden as winners. Besides the ships with Karen (I love her, but her love life is the worst), I'm pretty much okay with any winner.
[removed]
I don't necessarily disagree with all that, but being central doesn't mean they're top. Central romance plots can often be disliked or divisive because of drama or more screen time than chemistry. Look at Shadow and Bone, so many screen only fans don't like Malina because both characters are more interesting and enjoyable when they're not doing couple stuff and the actors had worse chemistry with each other than with the rest of the cast. El's jealousy over Max and Mike's asshole behavior over the same hurt fueled some Mileven love, but it also fueled some distaste because of the unhealthiness of it.  I slightly disagree with the crazy amount of Mileven fan content. That's because of your internet corner, we all see different slices of the content cake depending on the sites we're active on and what the algorithm does.
Not really. I feel like they just want us to keep pitying Will because his desires keep on getting in the way of others' lol. And even if they (the writers) did, they're not doing it successfully (and those blaming Mileven for Will's sadness for merely existing instead of the timing and circumstance by which the characters exist in are being dumb).
Exactly!
Season 2 is what made me a Byler. I was personally a multishipper until S3 made clear to me where the narrative arc was headed, and S4 just made it crystal clear. I know a lot of Bylers never shipped Mileven at all though and many did ship Byler back in Season 1.
He is discussing his angst about failing El, a person apparently emotionally dependent on him who is currently in uncertain but probably grave danger. Will doesn't get him either, though he tries to be supportive. Misunderstandings.  One obviously not platonic thing Mike does with Will is the flirting, quite extremely so in Will's room in S4 while Will is packing and at the end of S3, with his smile after Will (himself overly flirtatiously) says it's "Not possible" for him to join another party.  Even more obvious is maybe their conflicts. Why did he not hug Will at the airport but instead chose to come off as an awkward idiot? Of course people don't choose to be awkward it happens to them out of insecurity. Why did he then aggressively ask Will "What's that?" about the painting, instead of saying normal things? Nothing about this makes sense unless he is attracted to Will. (He thought it's a painting for a girl Will likes, because that's what El wrote in her letter) Why does he after the incident at the rollerrink, decide to bitch Will out for not talking to him? Wasn't HE ignoring him for El? You just said that. But Mike attacks Will out of pretty much nowhere about ignoring HIM. Etc.  Also important evidence is the way it is all shot and presented. The angelic light at their cabin talk in S4. Also the soft romantic light in the van scene. And then the giant unsubtlety of them standing together framed by other couples in the last shot, while El goes off on her own. Nothing about that was a plot necessity, it was just a picture the Duffers wanted to paint.  They are honestly building this up pretty intensely.
I don't know wher I talked about "straight erasure" specifically, you're the one brought that term.  Steve hasn't explicitly stated that he \*only\* like boobies (or girls), but it's pretty obvious and implicit (same for Billy for example) and you know that well. You're implying he is bisexual, because they aren't technically nothing to prove he isn't, even if there is really few (none) possibility for that (your logic suppose so that every straight characters is \*maybe\* bi, because they haven't explicitly said they only like people of the opposite sex). By this logic, I can also ship Steve and Robin, by pretending she is maybe bisexual, since, if I remember well, she didn't explicitly say she \*only\* likes girls, and who knows she could. That's just fallacious as reasoning. But I get that you guys just want to fantasize about the characters, even if that doesn't make any sense.
Well then explain to me why a significant portion of Bylers are people who actually study film and narrative, and explain to me why Bylers can walk anyone through the entire show and explain very specific details and how they point exclusively in one direction through media literacy, but Milevens don’t have valid explanations/theories against any of our points… they just say, “Well it’s canon and they’ve been together this whole time”? Okay and? That doesn’t take away the fact that the arc of the narrative is pretty decisively on our side. But if you have specific examples of how cinematography, parallels, set design, and character arcs point to Mileven endgame, I’d genuinely be interested in seeing them
Explain to me how we’re “delusional” instead of sounding like a four year old throwing a temper tantrum like, “Lalalala I can’t hear you.” Because Bylers can explain with the depth of college professors how the narrative and cinematography is on our side with nuanced and specific explanations, but all you seem capable of is going “wawawa mike is Elsexual.” You can’t win an argument against Bylers who have analyzed every frame of the show, and you certainly can’t win an argument if you’re not willing to actually make a case using evidence
Thank you! I really appreciate it! (It’s definitely exhausting for sure, but sometimes you see Reddit Milevens comment something that is just so transparently incorrect or transparently homophobic that it’s just like, “Nope. That can’t go unquestioned”).
I’m not “delusional,” and neither are the millions of rapidly growing Bylers. We’ve simply watched the show (many many times) with our eyes open and analyzed it thoroughly. Calling people “delusional” is a way to avoid having to actually contend with the overwhelming amount of evidence in every aspect of the show (cinematography, narrative, set design, acting, costume design) that support Mike Wheeler’s queercoding. Like I said, a significant amount of people became Bylers not because of Will but because of Mike’s actions, many of whom had no knowledge of the ship beforehand, so how can that be if we’re just making things up? It’s not delusional to see the evidence for Byler, it just requires a basic amount of media literacy. And as someone who is also queer, I can tell you that Mike Wheeler’s character oozes queerness/internalized homophobia. And a significant amount of queer people see themselves in Mike. The reason I say MW is more queercoded than Will is because the writers/creations have simply put more ~energy~ into planting clues throughout the whole show for his character, whereas Will has pretty much just been straightforward and petty explicitly gay.
[removed]
No it wasn't manually added. It says "Mike & El..." because strawpoll automatically uses elipses when the name is too long to fit in a pie chart segment. And as for the "&" "and" I switched from the symbol to the word for round two because typing the word is quicker than trying to find the symbol on my keyboard. I can't even see any blurriness but as I've already said very clearly, I draw over the names on the other segments of the pie charts, sometimes it overlaps because they're small sections and it's hard to do it neatly, also it's a screenshot of a screenshot so it's not going to be 4k.
I know, I don’t see it as deep either, I was just responding to what you said lol
1- Will showed repulsion towards girls. His homosexuality is more than confirmed. Mike's sexuality wasn’t clarified like Will's. He showed that he likes girls, but he never showed that he doesn't like guys.   2- There are 1000 straight characters and only 2 canonically gay characters, therefore we should respect the little queer representation we have.  3- Will and Eleven being together would be incestuous. Joyce is Will's mom and she was also Eleven's legal guardian in s4.
r/unxpectdprincessbride
I meant the Antis have already cottoned on what to do and that is rigging.
I'm personally a Byler shipper who doesn't hate Mileven and hasn't voted for it, but I can still tell you hat most Bylers hate it. Bylers are "fighting" for canon endgame status. It's not a "just peacefully shipping in our corner" situation. Same reason people hate Byler, when this should be the least controversial not currently canon ship form what it is (clearly good friends, one canonically in love).
They’re probably in my top 3 couples, behind Mike/El and Joyce/Hopper. Their lack of an arc in season 3 kind of loses them points in that regard lol. Hoping Season 5 keeps up the good work.  And there really is nothing to actively dislike about them, which makes them the obvious winner here. Whilst Mileven may be the most widely supported couple, it’s also the most actively disliked due to its conflict with those who like Byler.
true
Go for it! Between Will's canon feelings for Mike and their awesome friendship, Byler has a lot of things going for it. I think in all the discussions online very few people are actually against shipping it. They are against the idea that it happening in the actual show makes any sense at this point.
I will be messaging you in 2 years on [**2025-04-06 02:20:53 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2025-04-06%2002:20:53%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/StrangerThings/comments/12bugxk/best_ship_elimination_game_round_2_mileven_are_out/jf4x729/?context=3)  [**6 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FStrangerThings%2Fcomments%2F12bugxk%2Fbest_ship_elimination_game_round_2_mileven_are_out%2Fjf4x729%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202025-04-06%2002%3A20%3A53%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%2012bugxk)  *****  |[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)| |-|-|-|-|
Yep! 💙💛
I also voted Ted and Karen. Imagine if people just decided to meme and make them win
You were the one saying that it’s wrong to ship two presumed straight characters together but not wrong to ship a lesbian character with a man, hence why I explained why the two scenarios are not the same. Robin is a confirmed lesbian as stated by Maya Hawke and the Duffers (and she directly shot down Steve because she liked girls). Queer people are allowed to celebrate queer representation and create it in fannon when it is lacking in cannon.
What? All the nuance in the world won’t overtake the obvious. There are no theories for Mileven because they’ve been OTP since season 1. There have been direct declarations of love. Touches, looks, emotions. If you somehow can’t see that then you’re choosing to ignore it, I guess.
well I agree that his arguments weren't great, but he doesn't really need evidence because it's obvious that Mike isn't bi or gay, and that bylers who "analyzed every frame" are actually just delusional.
1. He denied a hug from Will. That's a form of repulsion. 2. You're saying 0 of them are straight though because none of them have confirmed their straightness. If Will is only gay because it's been explicitly established, then those 1000 "straight" characters are not straight until they explicitly establish it. So there is only queer representation and a bunch of people in some form of sexuality superposition (which does not jive at all with fluidity/orientation spectrum anyway). 3. That's not incest. They've known each other for like 4 years. Foster kids have relationships all the time even though their guardians are the same. And also, time period appropriate Willeven, if we concede Will's 100% gayness, would be a beard relationship.  Willeven foreva.
The subreddit r/unxpctdprincessbride does not exist.  Did you mean?:  * r/princessbride (subscribers: 2,535) * r/theprincessbride (subscribers: 2,438)  Consider [**creating a new subreddit** r/unxpctdprincessbride](/subreddits/create?name=unxpctdprincessbride).  --- ^(🤖 this comment was written by a bot. beep boop 🤖)  ^(feel welcome to respond 'Bad bot'/'Good bot', it's useful feedback.) ^[github](https://github.com/Toldry/RedditAutoCrosspostBot) ^| ^[Rank](https://botranks.com?bot=sub_doesnt_exist_bot)
Fair enough, I was about to defend the credibility of my game hahaha
hmmm outside of reddit i think it's quite debatable if mileven is the most widely supported
...I would find that hilarious and horrible at the same time.   To see Ted and Karen winning this poll because of the ships war would be so funny, but I don't think I would be okay with them winning over Lumax. It's still a really fun idea and thank to you, I won't be too much annoyed now with this outcome. I'm never against a good laugh.  I'm still going to vote for them next round (I'm pretty sure they're going to survive the next two round).
What are you talking about ? I was pointing the hypocrisy of saying it's not good to ship a lesbian character with a man, while in the same time, shipping two straight characters. And you responded by using this fallacious logic that, you can ship them because they're no stated they are only into girls, even if that's obvious and the contrary wouldn't make any sense. Again, that is like presupposing all characters remarquably straight, are bi, because "oh, they didn't say explicitly they are straight"... Seem you have some problems facing your flawed logic.  \>and create it in fannon when it is lacking in cannon.  Lmao, yeah, anything literally is allowed in canon, even shipping a lesbian with a man. It still doesn't make any sense and go against the character. That's exactly what I said previously you guys just want to fantasize about the characters, even if that doesn't make any sense. Keep going, I'm done.
That’s precisely my point. Yeah ofc it’s easy for someone to just say, “well a couple has been together since the start so they’re endgame,” viewing the show on a surface level and not considering the incredible depth that the Duffers have put into their show. Your answer is virtually every Mileven’s answer because it’s simple, and it exposes that by and large they simply can’t hold a candle to the in depth analysis Bylers have. Milevens say stuff like, “cinematography and lighting choices don’t matter,” but of course they do. And that’s what YOU’RE choosing to ignore. The Duffers have said time and time again that they aren’t playing to the LCD and are VERY intentional about the nuances they put into their show. Bylers aren’t making things up; we’re carefully watching the show and following the narrative and character arcs set up the show. And there are very specific cinematography and set/costume design choices that simply do not point to a Mileven endgame. “They’ve had touches, looks, emotions.” Okay. Well I’d encourage you to rewatch the show, especially season 4 because… that’s certainty not how I’d describe season 4 mileven. I mean they certainly had “emotions.” But not ones that support your ship. And if you wanna analyze looks, then pay attention to Finn’s micro-expressions during all of his scenes with Will vs. his scenes with El, and tell me which of those scenes does he look madly in love? Hint: It starts with B and ends with yler. It’s not about some abstract form of “nuance” either. It’s about following along with the themes, parallels, tropes, and arcs in the show instead of just accepting doomed relationships at a surface level.
“he doesn’t really need evidence.” How is that an intelligent and reasonable perspective to have? And how is it “obvious” that Mike isn’t bi or gay? Straight isn’t the default.
1- Mike didn’t know about Will's feelings for him and therefore he wasn’t rejecting him romantically. You can look for many explanations to why he didn’t accept the hug, like I said it wasn’t clear that he felt repulsed. Also, he hugged him many other times.   2- The point is that there are 1000 characters who are perceived as straight. However there are only two gay characters and the homosexual community deserves to be represented.   3- Oh, my god. If you want to say that to justify your feelings for your step-sibling , go ahead. But you aren’t going to convince me to accept a relationship formed by two people who have the same legal tutor. Even Will himself called Eleven his sister.
I almost voted FOR Mike and Eleven in this poll. Before I noticed it said least favorite
And the amount of people downvoting me on my first comment is proving my comment.
I am also going to vote for them until they’re gone unless I can organize everyone to have them win
They are written that way. Even bts from the actors and writers, we know Mike and El are in love with each other. Not every single thing is a “sign”. It’s not viewing the show on the surface level, it’s the show. And the show clearly shows us and tells us they are in love. They have been and still are. You don’t need to get bent out of shape at me about it. You’re going to be very shocked when Mike and Eleven, you know, stay together. If I told you my background you wouldn’t even believe me, but I know how to read or view something with a very critical eye. If you watched all 4 seasons of ST and don’t understand they are in love and will stay that way, then I don’t know what else to say. You’ll just have to wait and try to believe what you see in S5.
I'm saying that Byler is just as bad a ship as, idk, Will and Eleven (Will is gay and Mike is straight), so neither work, for example. If someone was shipping Will and Eleven, you don't "need evidence" to say that it's a dumb ship.
1. Ah so the look of disgust at the mere attempt of a hug is no match for shying away from a foot  2. Perceived straight doesn't mean straight though. So there is and isn't queer representation in the 1000 but there are 2 confirmed gay characters. Bis deserve representation too.  3. Wow you really don't understand step siblings vs foster or adoption. Step siblings are gained through marriage. Your parent marrying into a family with other kids makes them your step siblings. Adopting a person you've known for at most 3 years tops does not make an ick factor. You wouldn't be here if not for 10x the magnitude of ick than what is between Willeven.   Willeven 4eva
I can guarantee you that you will be wrong in Season 5. I have literally 0 doubt that Byler is endgame. I’ve “watched all 4 seasons of ST” as you say (many many times), and once again, it’s very clear narratively that the show does not point in your ship’s direction. (And yes, it is a surface level perspective if you refuse to acknowledge or engage with all the textual evidence Bylers continuously provide. But we shall all seen soon enough lol
I agree with you completely. I mean, the seed was planted in S1E1 already that Mileven are endgame and nothing I've seen on the show ever since has changed that perspective, only strengthened it.   I was surprised to hear the Byler argument but even moreso by the conviction of (seemingly) many that it's definitely going to happen. I don't profess to know much but what I do know is that there are going to be a LOT of bitterly disappointed fans when Mileven ride off into the sunset together at the end of S5. I suspect this sub (amongst other places) will turn into an absolute bloodbath. Should be interesting!
It’s not that it’s a bad ship, ship and let ship after all. But the issue is that bylers truly have started to believe there’s signs, and proof of their ship becoming canon, when… there’s really not.
But Mike hasn’t been confirmed straight. There’s nothing that explicitly makes Mike straight, whereas Will has been confirmed explicitly gay. Mike isn’t “straight.” He doesn’t have a canon sexuality. Being in a relationship with a girl doesn’t make a character straight. That’s bi erasure and erasure of the nuances of human sexuality that include things like comphet and internalized homophobia. You can’t argue from a negative. The only two characters that have confirmed sexualities are Will and Robin.
1- I don't need to answer this. You already made a fool of yourself.   2- Vickie is bi. Tommy H is bi. And if you want a main character to be bi, Mike could be. But not Will or Robin, who are the only gay characters.   3- Will and Eleven are half-siblings with potential of step-siblings. Joyce is the legal guardian of both of them, and this makes them family, they themselves say that they see each other as siblings, so don't be weird. Also, Joyce and Hopper are starting a relationship and if they get married they’ll be step-siblings. I'll explain it to you in detail so you understand since I see that your intelligence doesn't reach much, Hopper is Eleven's adoptive father and Joyce is Will's mother, so they’ll be step-siblings.  Enjoy your incestuous life.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nah. To me it’s actually really cool that that song is being played alongside more “modern” artists like the ones you mentioned. Im always happy to see art find new audiences, and I’m glad so many people were introduced to the song and Kate Bush more largely through the show.   And I personally haven’t gotten burnt out on the song, but I suppose that’s because I’ve mainly only heard it on Spotify every now and again. However, I have been burnt out on songs before and usually I just need a break from them before I can really enjoy them again. Sounds like you’re just being over exposed from your job. Hopefully, they can switch up the playlist so you can get a break from it soon.
I personally LOVE it. I will never not think of Stranger Things 4 whenever I hear it. It’s like a memory. No matter where I am, or what I’m doing, I can hear that song and it’s Hawkins 1986 for me. I get that’s not the case for everyone, but for me, it feels kind of special. 🙂
The show didn't ruin the song but people got tired of hearing it all the time because videos playing it went viral on Twitter and Tik Tok. I was more annoyed by the "Chrissy wake up" videos that people kept posting.  I'm surprised ST doesn't use popular 80s songs more often. People say it's because it's too expensive to pay for the licensing but the show's budget was $300M for S4 and there were only a few popular 80s songs for the entire season. There were a lot of other songs they could have used including heavy metal songs for Eddie's arc.  On Yellowjackets they often have several popular 90s songs used in each episode and that show has much less of a budget than ST.
I loved that song long before Stranger Things and I’ll love it long after. I never get tired of hearing it, and I love that it’s had such a huge amount of new interest.
I love the fact that a TV series helped make a 37-year-old song a bigger hit than it was when it was originally released. The contrast between it at #3 (and Master of Puppets at #35) compared to the usual shit in the top 40 was fantastic.
As someone who has worked in all sorts of environments where people would turn on the radio and let it play, hearing a song every day (as opposed to every two hours or less) doesn't seem so terrible.
Not for me I heard ‘Chrissy wake up’ more than Kate Bush.
I didn't like the song before the show and still don't like it.
It's not stranger things, it's tiktok which "ruined" it. I wouldn't even say it got ruined, people are just, like you said, burnt out. Once it's not everywhere anymore and a few months went by it'll be great again for most lol
I don’t know if ST ruined the song overall, but can only speak about my personal experience.   The fatigue was real in the aftermath of S4, but mostly for the over saturation and the way people (mostly younger audience) misinterpreted the song’s true meaning. While I’m glad it introduced Kate Bush and her craft to a whole new audience, I do wish people would take the time to appreciate the genius behind the writing of the song, instead of just shallow takes of “that epic ST song”.  But honestly I’m grateful for the way they integrated the song into the show, and because it provided a new way to relate to the song, and believe it or not it’s still on regular rotation on my playlist; but for very personal reasons I relate to Max’s plight.
A song being played over and over and even getting popular again years later and then being played over and over doesn’t ruin the song or make it bad. It just makes it annoying lol
It didn't ruin it forever, it made it overplayed for a couple of months. Two years from now you'll hear the song and enjoy it as if that had never happened. Despacito was EVERYWHERE in 2017 and if they play that during a party today it won't feel annoying to me, even tho it felt that way back then.
Great song, never heard of it before Stranger Things. But it makes me sad for Max, every time I hear it.
I think this really depends on the person! And their personality type, probably.  Personally, I can listen to a song over and over again, on repeat, for days on end and still not get sick of it. I don't think I'll ever get sick of Running Up That Hill. The only song I can remember feeling like it was legitimately overplayed was Somebody That I Used to Know, and that's because I didn't like it to begin with.  I'm the same with Christmas music. I can listen to Christmas music all year round and still not be sick of it by Christmas Day.
Might have been overplayed a little, but didn’t ruin it for me. I’m actually excited for the new season and when everyone uses the sound to create videos leading up to it. It’s going to feel so comforting and nostalgic ☺️
And every episode of *The Goldbergs* ends with an '80s tune playing while Patton Oswalt does his usual spiel about the importance of family, so hearing this is actually a little surprising.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I know season 1 had him drinking and smoking. I don't think we've seen him smoke weed but it's a popular head!canon.
Relax, dad, it’s only marijuana
Steve was smoking and drinking in season 1 and eluded to smoking weed in season 3.
It's only Marijuna daaaaaaaaaad!
Nothing more/worst than weed I'd say?   Btw anyone thinks Eddie might have been the one who sold it to him? (Most likely not, just a little theory :) )
In season 1 we saw him drink beers and smoke 1 cigarettes (a lite cigarette suggesting that he’s not a regular smoker and probably asked Carol for one as a season later we see Tommy smoking a regular cigarette).  As far as drugs he mentions having had pot  before (whether he smokes or uses edibles is up in the air) to Dustin while under the truth serum in season 3. But we never directly see him engaging with drugs.
We only saw Steve smoking and drinking in the first season, during the party where Barb died, but I don't think he's a big drug consumer. He mentionned smoking weed in season 3 too.
He does off camera, tells Dustin before he boops him  “how many times dad, I don’t do drugs. It’s only marujiana. Boop 😂”
only marijuana (my fave)
Yes, they quietly edited out the date rape and drug use from Season1 when they realized how popular Steve's character was in the fandom.
He has mild stoner vibes but I don't think it's ever really mentioned in the series. I get the feeling outside of Nancy pretty much all the older teens are at least mild stoners though.
Steve admits he smokes weed to Dustin while high on truth serum in season 3. Right before he boops him lol.
He probably got it indirectly from Reefer Rick anyway.
Almost certainly smoking the pot. Edibles were not really a thing in the 80s beyond things like homemade hash brownies. They weren’t easy to come by or a common way to consume so it’d be unlikely a teenager, especially who smoke cigarettes, would have eaten weed but not smoke weed.
Steve would be smoking the cheapest ditchweed in all of Indiana. Edibles weren't a thing in the 1980s Midwest.
Was it a light? I don't recall what colour the filter was.
They didn't edit anything. This was a rumor that got spread around but was quickly disproven.  Any edits that were made happened prior to the season being released when they re-wrote parts of the season. It had nothing to do with the popularity of the character (since, again, the show hadn't aired yet) and was because they liked Joe Kerry and wanted to keep him around for season 2.
They didn’t edit anything out. This might have been in a very early draft of the script, back when it was called Montauk. (There was originally going to be a rape scene at a beach party.) Duffers went in a much better direction instead.
They couldn't have edited out the date rape scene, because it was never filmed to begin with, it was only planned on the early script, when the show was still called Montauk (it was at a party on the beach by the way, not during a date).  Hiring Joe change the Duffers brothers plan because they did like Joe to much to make him play a rapist. A lot of things can change between the first plan and the finale script, the draft Steve isn't the Steve we know. We shouldn't judge our Steve on what monster was Montauk Steve. The Steve of Montauk and the Steve of Stranger things have just different characterizations and are not really the same character.  Also, Steve wasn't that popular after season 1 in the fandom, so they wouldn't have bother to edit anything to make him look better after the first airing of the show.
It was because the writers really like joe Kerry
They edited out date rape *from the script before filming anything*
I don’t get how this is still believed by some people, every second post in this sub seems to have someone being corrected about it in the comments
"I don't do drugs. It's only marijuana." \*BOOP\*
True! Sometimes I get that mixed up with fanon.
But didn't the Russians do that to him and Robin? Like, I though he didn't have a choice
The filter was white, it during the pool party in 1x02 as Nancy shotguns the beer Steve lights himself a cigarette.
Yeah. It's apparent that some aspects of the original Steve from Montauk became Billy and also Jason.
Which one of the most wholesome behind scenes facts ever
You forgot about the d*aaaa*d. :)
The truth serum, yes. In the elevator, Dustin asks Steve if he’s drugged and Steve responds “I’ve told you so many times, Dad, I don’t do drugs. It’s only marijuana.” Which implies Steve recreationally uses weed but isn’t currently under the influence of the drug.
I just recently watched S1 & S2 and made a post about seeing Steve smoke. I just didn't take note of the filter colour.
Yeah, I think Billy is mostly based on this Steve. They didn't make him a rapist, but he was really a horrible person (but a really great character to follow).  For Jason, I always thought he was mostly based on the cult leader Jim Jones mixed with 80's Tom Cruise. But he was a major ass too, so maybe he was a result of Steve from Montauk too.
Ohhh. I get where you're coming from now
I just mentioned the episode and scene it happens in so that you or anyone else who sees the comment could pull it up to double check for themselves rather than believe a stranger on the internet outright.  Normally I would check the episode myself before replying but I’m at work on break without access to Netflix.
Imagine that...someone here citing facts and evidence! :D  Honestly, it's very much appreciated.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
We cannot exactly know when Will realised he was gay / that he had feelings for Mike. As a queer person I know all too well how most queer people need a long time to actively be confident in their sexuality: Before that we/they constantly switch between labels and have intrusive thoughts that they are actually straight and faking their queer identity.   My personal headcanon though is also that Will fully realised that he was gay during the rain fight. He already knew that he was not interested in girls like his friends were. He lives in a society where love between a boy and a girl is presented as the only possible scenario and "queer" is thrown around as an insult. He knows no non-closeted queer people and the only queer representation there was is a handful of celebrities that was usually also ridiculed for their sexuality. Will rather believes in a world where "he is not going to fall in love" (quote Season 3 Episode 1) than a world in which he is gay.   As for his feelings for Mike, it is a bit trickier. Especially because they share such a deep and intimate friendship it is hard to draw the line where friendship ends and love begins. They are not two different things but they are interwoven and when Will potentially did not consider himself as gay, he also did not consider that he might have feelings for Mike. I think in Season 3 Episode 3 he was mainly preoccupied with the realisation that he is gay and with being upset that some parts of his childhood are over / he might lose his friends. The realisation that he actually loves Mike in a romantic way probably only came gradually after. My personal headcanon is that he only really became aware of them when he moved to Lenora.
Speaking from my own experience here, so take it with a grain of salt, but   I never really interpreted that scene being about Mike at all. The look he gives him after Mike says that seemed more like he was thinking "Oh shit, does he know?" I always figured Will had some sense about his sexuality already, even if he didn't fully realize it. I think that moment was when he kinda realizes that he won't ever be "like' the others if that makes sense. Like, he realizes that he can't go back to the way things were with them. Sorry idk how to word it lol, I hope that made sense.
He did not have a negative reaction to his friends having girlfriends in general. He was actually positive about Lucas and Dustin trying to get close to Max in S2. He reacted amused positively about Dustin having a gf and was also always cool with  Lucas and Max Just one time he generalized "A day without girls!" but his problem was very clearly Mike/Eleven.  I think he was long aware that he is gay. His breakdown in 3/3 was about Mike. He calls himself stupid repeatedly for thinking I don't know what exactly - That he has something special with Mike, I guess. Hence why he rips a photo from last Halloween (when they said they'd go "Carzy together") apart right between him and Mike.
I think Will was already aware of his feelings for Mike in season 1 cause of that "it was a 7" scene. Obviously we learn Will can't lie to Mike,but his reaction after he said it was weird. Mike doesn't say anything and Will awkwardly says "see you tomorrow". It just gave me that vibe Also he was definitely jealous when Mike mentions El in that scene where they say they'll to crazy together. Plus the script from final scene of S2 proves it he was aware when Mike was dancing with El  His fight with Mike imo wasn't about him realising that he has feelings for Mike,but he was more hurt that this boy who always protected him and understood him basically said to him what everyone else was saying about him. We know Mike didn't mean it like that,but Will ofcourse automatically connected it with being gay.   It definitiely doesn't seem like Will has a problem that his other friends are in a relationship. He was perfectly fine with boys going after Max in S2,you can tell most of his time he would spend with Lucas and Max during summer in S3. He was also excited when he heard Dustin has a girlfriend. I don't think he even was that crazy about D&D, he was just upset Mike was spending so much time with El while barely talking to him and D&D for him was an excuse to spend more time with him.
I still think they could make Will's sexuality plot less tragic. I know 80s weren't great times for gays, but like we see with Robin you could write somehow positive plot. While Will is only bullied for sexuality, deeply in love with his best friend who is ignoring him and dating his sister and sacrifices his feelings for their relationship. At this point, happy ending for him would be miracle, it seems writers really like torturing him.
I think Will knew about his sexuality long before that. Many LGBTQ people figure out at least some component of it while in childhood.
[removed]
It was s2 but okay
Will and the main characters  were born in 1971, I was born in 1972. As a kid, I was different because I had learning difficulties years before the ADA existed. I also have Cerebral Palsy. Kids are cruel if any difference is detected.   I realized something else was different about age 8.      My parents were cold and I was affectionate as well as deeply empathetic. My parents made it clear that I was to never show any feelings. It made my childhood chaotic.   In 1985, I was 13 and I realized I had a crush on another boy my age. I knew it was not cool. Gays on TV were crazy, evil, had AIDS and always had a bad ending.   I had to hide my feelings. The most powerful teacher at the private school I attended was an open mysognist and homophobe. Those were the “best parts” of his personality.  So yeah, I had a host of mental health diagnoses when I finally saw a psychiatrist.
He repeated "so stupid" multiple times while looking at the "Ghostbusters" photo and he ripped the photo between HIM AND MIKE. He was most likely thinking that he is stupid himself for ever thinking that Mike could possibly reciprocate his feelings
There is still one season left. I'll eat my hat if he doesn't get a happy ending, for the reasons you are describing.
I was a year younger than the characters in the 80's. The writers did lay it on thick because the great majority of the audience are hetero.      But the dread? The fear? The anxiety and Depression of having to hide being a gay kid in the 80's? The writers nailed that so much that it brought back some bad memories for me. The pressure was immense and holding it in was the worst.      Robin is older and has had more time to accept and integrate her sexuality. But she knows that if it were discovered, Robin would be a pariah. That is not a positive.        I have to find the citation, but it's said that they time between coming out to yourself and coming out publicly is about 5 years. So You can bet that Will always swore that something just "didn't fit."     Will is a 13-14 year old who is realizing that he's gay. We are seeing it in real time. The moment I realized I had a crush on a boy was a "holy shit moment." In 1985, it was about the worst thing possible. It took years of therapy to fully make peace with myself.
Im saying this bcus it was in the script that will was looking longingly at mike while feeling forced to dance with the girl..idk why this is being down voted
nah, you're thinking of mike
Agreed! Or at least that there was an understanding between him and Mike that they have a special relationship that is quasi love, but I do agree most likely he called himself stupid for thinking he'd have a chance.
I mean at best they would do bare minimum and give him acceptance from family and friends who i can't imagine could ever be homophobic, but he is left with no chance for proper love interest as only one from original four boys.
>Robin is older and has had more time to accept and integrate her sexuality. But she knows that if it were discovered, Robin would be a pariah. That is not a positive.  Robin has a friend who accepts her and her crush is requited. While Will's crush said that his life started the day when he vanished (i know Mike didn't mean it, but geez this so cruel from Will's Pov, i blame the writers for this). Not everything needs to be perfect, but comparing their two arcs difference is big
The writers had Will's arc sketched out. But the writers and actors played coy for so long because they wanted the audience to discover Will's sexuality and more as it was revealed and not before that.
He can and will get Mike. They had no other reason to do it that way.
I think Will is definitely supposed to be a foil for Henry,  but I can't imagine him needing to stay in the Upside Down - I'm thinking his arc is about fighting against and overcoming it. Keeping him in the Upside Down would be leaving Will frozen in place forever, which he currently is anyway, as a character.
>Will struggling with a purpose, of who he is or loves. This is a way for him to have purpose and protect all that he loves.  I'm gonna be honest. This sounds too much like "The gay boy's way to have a purpose is to sacrifice himself so the straights get their happy ending", which is **DEEPLY** offensive and a terrible idea.  Will's his own person, and he's never gotten what he wants. He needs and deserves his happy ending, he deserves his love and his life. If someone must die let it be someone else.  Having said that, what you wrote made me think of Will and Vecna having a custody battle over the Mindflayer, which would be one hell of a show.
fully agree with will joining with the shadow but essentially making it a good thing instead of a bad as a reflection of henry.  but i strongly disagree that him sacrificing himself to stay in the UD would be "full circle" of his arc. will's arc is not about finding a purpose, it's about overcoming the stigmas of being different and accepting himself. he has always believed that he is worth less than others and has been very willing to hurt himself if it meant protecting his loved ones, like when he told them to close the gate in s2 despite knowing it would kill him. but this self-hatred is a negative trait, him giving up his life for the sake of others' happiness would be him giving into that.  also, the rest of the cast can't really have a happy ending if will dies. they're almost all either will's family or his best friends.
I think he will do something to hive mind that is similar but I don't believe he will be trapped in the Upside Down I theorise he Will temporarily be by Vecna side gain access to the hive mind. But after using it to win fight he will realise he has just replaced Vecna and creatures of Upside Down are still slaves trapped like he was all those years ago. And so will destroy hive mind turn the Mind Flayer back into particles and make creatures animals again then they will go through the gate and all go home (ending the invasion) with Vines slowly pulling closed the gates.
I believe in something like this happening!
I think Will is like a scout and a beacon and a warning but no more than that
Will then turns it from spider to dragon  Love > hate  Dragon smokes lich
I guess since I do not want Will to die. That it be a nice middle ground I can see the Duffners doing. Like I do not want anyone to die, yet feel like someone will bc we do not have a side character that will take the fall like in past seasons. Sure everyone could live but just have this feeling that we will see some Tragedy.
I see what you mean about the full circle thing. I guess I view as of now Will as a tragic figure. There has been so many of these characters in shows and movies, that can have a haply ending or a really bad one. For me I don't ever want Will to die. So was thinking of a middle ground that could happen.
Good possible theory.
Right could happen (probably won't) lol. I have been so wrong before.
That would be.... wise
oooooooooooh
Rare I get told my theory are close to good so thank you
coming out with the bangers!
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I'm not really on either side (I just like to appreciate the creators' art), but an argument I've seen from people in the MF camp is that it has been using Vecna the whole time. It's allowed him to believe he is in control (and so the main characters and audience have been convinced also), but is really just using him to gain access to our world.
Because they're not "facts", they're what Vecna himself has told us. The teens believe him. But it's not like it's an objective truth right now.
The mind flayer was still a thing before 001 changed it, it was just dust particles. They could be working together but 001 thinks hes in charge.
Well, to discuss "facts stated in the show" you need like, facts stated in the show.  Character claims are not facts, which discards 11's and Will's as facts. Double down because their "sensing" is inscrutable to any other character so as to validate anything. And triply so because they definitely were clueless before about Vecna, so "fr fr this time we got it right and there's nothing further to it" is hardly convincing.  That leaves the spider form of the MF as being the only *claim* left in the post. What we **see** is that the MF does acquire a spideresque figure, a favorite of Vecna, upon interaction. However, it is only and exclusively through Vecna (and through a vision over which he had full control, was the only witness, and was based on his memory) that we "know" he apparently forced the MF into such a figure. This brings us back to "character claims are not facts", and that's why the subject is up for discussion.
I don’t know about others, but I know I personally liked the concept of an eldritch horror from another dimension far more than the idea that 001 becomes the Vecna. Like it’s still extremely unclear why the hell he had powers in the first place. He killed his family prior to becoming 001. Basically I’m just arguing that an ancient entity with unknowable goals was a little more compelling than some dude with Daddy issues.
i just personally dislike when a show goes “you thought this the whole time but gotcha! it was actually this instead!”. it makes me feel less threatened by the villains because the writers could just do that again. also i find it kind of odd that a human was able to completely control this evil alien monster. in my opinion it’s less scary for a human to be the main bad guy rather than a mindless creature that only knows evil. i felt the lack of motive made the stakes higher.
Too early to tell, deception is a powerful weapon.
El has no reason to come to the conclusion that “it was always you” based off what Henry told her and will couldn’t tell what exactly he was feeling whenever he felt the mind flayer so that doesn’t prove anything regardless. It’s just more moments of the writers trying their hardest to establish vecna as always being the big bad even tho writing in previous seasons makes it obvious it was something they changed after S3.   Really it’s just hope that the writers are setting up a twist for S5. If not then whatever but it’s clear they changed the hierarchy after s3
I don't belive for a fact that the MF is the real villain in the show, but I do think it is a viable theory. (and I would rather it tbh) Vecna isn't exactly a reliable narrator, the MF might be manipulating him to belive he is in control. You can't really trust him to be telling the truth (he has been shown to tell lies and generally be a manipulative character anyway) El has also shown be an unreliable narrator sometimes.
Believing is seeing.  Edited to add: sorry, that's probably too cryptic.   People have ideas for what they think would make a good story, and they hope for it so much that they will pile up any scant evidence they can find to support their idea and ignore the evidence that doesn't. Believing is seeing.
I don't get why people are so insistent in the idea of the MF being still the one in charge here. The show appointed us many times that One/Vecna is the true puppet master and have been all this time behind everything. Eleven said in the finale of S4, "It was you....always you", and also Will confirmed this by saying: "It's strange, knowing now who was behind all of this time" (or something like it, i don't remember the exacy phrase). The Duffers also have said in a bunch of interviews that since Season 2 they have the idea of One being the villain, the big-bad. So, there's no rationality in assuming that the MF is the true puppet-master and the direction the show is going is that Vecna/One was the villain all this time - he was the psychotic conscience behind the intelligency of the Mind Flayer!
Unfortunately I can't as personally I believe Vecna is working with something bigger (A Upside Down Dragon)  but it mutual between them though Dragon is looking to replace him.
I'm not on either side. I think we don't have enough info yet. That's your interpretation of those scenes but that doesn't make them facts. The MF and demogorgans already existed in the UD before Vecna got there. What Vecna tells/shows El could just be his interpretation of what happened, not facts. It's possible the MF has been manipulating him. And he already proven himself to at the very least be unreliable when talking about the past. He claimed to want to kill his dad but couldn't then claimed it was part of his plan to let his dad live to set him up for the murders of his mom and sister. He's a liar and manipulator who can't be trusted.
Vecna sent the stuff through, but Mind Flayer is the one manipulating him (not that he will admit it)
I think the unformed MF targeted Henry & used him to carry out a plan
I feel like its less about control, but more of an influence. Vecna influenced the mindslayer into seeing humans needing to be destroyed. I could see Eleven or Will being the one to show the other side of humanity to the mindflayer. Which the mindflayer will leave Vecna to be finally killed.
I believe that the MF is like endless potential. It just existed in the UD as pure evil energy only needing an artist to weave it. Vecna is that artist.   I think it’s a symbiotic relationship.
Truly if the mindflayer was in charge wouldn’t we have seen him in the background somewhere? The thing is as tall as a skyscraper and wider than 3 football fields how would it hide what would tell it to hide the teens were all over the upside down how would they miss it?
That's at least possible and plausible within the plot.
The Duffer brothers confirm in an interview vecna is the one in control.
Exactly. I believe the term is unreliable narrator?
I find it neat that in Dr.Strange the Ancient Ones and her team use ''edritch whips'' and a Mirror World to practice magic (very similar to the Upside Down)  This is why I am on the ''Mind Flayer'' existed first side, simply because if we look at the mythology that would be the most likely case.  It may have fed Henrys ego making him think he ''created'' it.  Also, side note, Dr.Strange centers around Time and Henry likes clocks, it seems like Hollywood has some themes it really likes these days, lol. Mythology says that time does not pass the same way in the astral realm (which is the dreaming world)  FXs Legion also centered around Time, a powerful psychic who becomes very egotistical, a demon that gets unleashed because of him trying to go back in time too many times and the astral realm.   I would say this entity most likely is attracted to kids with powers, ''clear instruments'' may be easier to possess. This is a common theme in a lot of movies/mythos/comics/books. Most likely those kids were all born with their powers and then had them honed and trained in a lab, just like they tried to do with some of the MKUltra projects in real life (Stargate is an example, however those guys were not seem to be evil or malicious , The Men Who Stare At Goats is based on that project, but some subprojects were not so nice, like the ones in the 50s/60s in Montreal)
Exactly.  Also, it makes no logical sense that the MF shows up itself in S3 to capture El but then would send it's #2, Vecna in S4 and have Vecna lie to El about being in charge?  That's just dumb.  Vecna is the head-hancho.
I still like to think of the Mind Flayer as the one in control because a human antagonist is just so lame compared to the established cosmic horror with the Mind Flayer. Also, pulling the "real bad guy all along" story is so damn cheap. It was excusable with the Mind Flayer because it was introduced in only the second season; but after 2 seasons of it being the main antagonist they just... throw it out for a new guy? It's weird.
The episode literally shows Vecna reaching his hand out and pulling the MF to himself.
Link please
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Definitely intentional. The amount of Easter eggs from 80s films in Stranger things is staggering. Off the top of my head, Alien, Exorcist, Nightmare On Elm Street, E.T, The Thing, among many others
And one of the team members' name is Hawkins.
Ha! Never put two and two together. Totally makes sense.   Also its Lo and behold. Its one of those old words that stuck around because of this phrase!
Lo*  "Low and behold" is for sexy times.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
~~I beg of y'all to pay attention to the lite bright scene this question has been asked a million times and its so self explanatory.~~     1. A light in the real world will result in a glimmer cluster in the UD. 2. Joyce hangs up lights on the wall of her house in Hawkins in 3 rows of 8-9 lights.  3. This would then create 26 glimmer clusters in the upside down on the wall in 3 rows with 8-9 clusters per row. 4. Joyce probably told Will was she was going to do so they could communicate beyond yes and no questions.  5. Even if for some reason Joyce hadn't told Will, he's a smart kid. He easily could have figured out that each of the glimmer clusters corresponded to a letter.  6. He then just has to listen to his mom's audible questions which we know you can hear inside the UD as Steve hears Dustin, and then interact with the corresponding glimmer cluster.  7. Prior to that, whether she was holding the lights or around the lights Will would be able to hear her if they were in close proximity to one another again like Steve hearing Dustin. So he'd just need to find the closest light to her and manipulate it's corresponding glimmer cluster.
I figure that because he had a gate in his backyard he got to be updated. I mean his whole house was a gate tbh.
Doesn't the Lite Brite in Season 4 answer this question? Will saw the "reflection" of the lights in the Upside Down, and - being as smart as he is - figured out that the 26 light sources represented the 26 letters of the alphabet.
The UD physics are different in S1/S2. You see portals (or potential portals) open in different places than would be seen later on.   Frankly, I've come to the conclusion that The Demogorgon that started all of it was capable of more than the dozens of demogorgon we've seen since.
>	So from Will’s perspective, he would only be able to hear Joyce and wouldn’t really be able to see that she was holding those lights  How did Nancy communicate with Dustin in season 4?
The real answer is that they hadn’t written past season 1 at that point and the lore was not fleshed out as much as in season 4 until they got renewed for season 2.  The in universe answer is we don’t know, maybe the demogorgons have the same power 001 and 011 have (regarding moving between worlds) who knows? Maybe they will address it in the final season.
Season 5
Good save!!  I like that theory.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
A Queen song was used in season 2 (“Hammer to Fall”, during Steve and Dustin’s car ride when Dustin is telling him Dart ate his cat)
It depends how queen charges to use their songs on tv shows
I was thinking the same thing. Also No Michael Jackson reference ?? Thriller was one of best selling albums of the entire 80s
I thought this was another post about Will's alleged sexualality.
I was really reminded of Freddie when Mike had on the white tank top in S4.
Don't they only allow Queen centric things and charities to use them?
This is always on my mind. I assume they can't afford MJ.
Thriller was used for the Season 2 trailer, at least there's that.
Alleged?
Confirmed*
Alleged that was confirmed by the actor
Recently Amazon, Norwegian Cruise Line, and the California tourism board have all used Queen songs in their commercials. There may have been a recent policy change amongst the surviving band members, but it seems that their catalog is at least partially open for commercial use.
"Under Pressure" was used by *The Magicians*.
Both MJ & Queen would be well beyond the music rights budget for the show, which is a good thing. It's allowed the show to showcase some great music that doesn't appear in so many other productions.
Also, the allegations about child abuse make it much harder to use him now.
Thank you for this. My old roommate works in commercial licensing of music so I'm gonna ask him about this tomorrow and really have a delve into it.
I've thought that and I agree, but it would be cool if they played like 15 seconds of any song. They did do Material Girl after all
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I'm guessing Will was an accident, like "look what the demogorgon dragged in" or Vecna targeted him as best potential secret agent.  . . Max was getting worn down, so if he didn't get her the first time, no big deal, he knew she'll eventually break.
Will: we'll get more on that in season 5   Max: There are 3 possible reason for that. 1) he saw El in Max memories and was trying to get back at El. 2) he already had her marked so it's just easier to go again than find someone else. 3) He was searching for another victim but then Max said she wanted to die so he then directed his attention to her.
I think will only got taken because he was biking through near the lab at the wrong time and just so happened to be taken
William: we will learn that in S5.  Maxine: wounded pride.
Probably we will get some retroactively fitted answer in S5  We will get some flashbacks about stuff that "you didn't know this happened, huh!" or "Will remembered this wrong, what actually happened was this!" so fandom gets closing on the subject.
It takes Vecna 6 days to “marinade” his victims as we heard with Chrissy, Fred and supposedly Patrick. Max too. If Vecna went after a new victim after failing with Max, it would take him another 5 days.
I'm reasonably sure Will was a target of opportunity for the demogorgon in S1. I doubt very much that the Duffers were thinking of Will's story four seasons ahead. Will must have escaped the demogorgon in the shed by ducking into the ephemeral gate that it opened. Or it did take him to the Upside Down and immediately lost track of him or interest in him. Those both seem unlikely, but we did see its behavior change in the Upside Down with both Barb and Nancy. Barb woke up from unconsciousness, so she was immobile and completely vulnerable right in the immediate vicinity of the demogorgon, but it didn't snatch her up until she awoke. Nancy went face to face with a hungry demogorgon in the Upside Down, and it couldn't or didn't find her on the other side of a tree.  Who knows with Will? We know the demogorgon was right behind him, certainly within arm's reach, and Will was running riot in the Upside Down by the next day.
Will was a target of opportunity. The demogorgon took him for the same reason it took Barb: it wanted to use him to reproduce slugs.   Except that Will, as the first victim, did something the demogorgon didn't expect and escaped. We don't know what that is and we may never find out.   As for Max, her pain made her an enticing target and his first attempt left a connection between them. She should have been an easy target.  Plus, he knows she's friends with Eleven and he wants to hurt her.
With Will, there is something more going on.  With Max-- she was suicidal and got targeted. I think it would be very uncharacteristic of Vecna to just let her go just because she escaped for the first time. He is a serial killer, the dude ofc ain't gonna let go of one of his victims whom he intended to kill.
Vecna has nothing to do with anything til MAYBE Season 2.  Realistically, Vecna probably had nothing to do with Season 1-3.   That was probably actually just the Mind Flayer, and Vecna is just the Mind Flayer's puppet.     It's fairly clear that Vecna has an EXTREMELY specific way of operating that has NEVER changed over the years, and that he wasn't operating until Season 4.
First question as of now can only be answered with theory as no concrete answer has been given my personal theory is he wanted Will to be his hier.   And Max a combination of pride and enjoyment as like all predators he enjoys the thrill of the hunt he even twistedly compliments Max saying "you are brave Max much braver than your brother"
Well see with Will  And w Max: pride and El?
For me, this is a story about trauma and shame within society, and how belonging/friendship become powerful antidotes to those experiences. On the flip side, the lack thereof can stoke fires of hatred within one. And it’s more complicated then this, because, groupthink can be ugly as well (all the unfounded religious/moral panic about Hellfire lead to a mob looking to kill Eddie). But I digress…  I think Vecna was seeking those most traumatized, isolated, stuck inside their own sense of difference and shame. Will, we find out later, is a queer kid. He came from a very broken home that set him apart from even his friends early on, too. So, I speculate that it was a combination of this and of opportunity—he happened to be alone in the woods at the right Vecna moment in S1. And once he’d formed a psychic connection with Vecna, he became akin to a portal in S2 and on.   Maxine also comes from a deeply broken home, raised in an abusive and neglectful blended family that fell apart after experiencing an incredibly traumatic loss (Billy). Vecna found her in a moment of extreme vulnerability. AND she was very close to Eleven, who Vecna was trying to get to, creating the perfect storm, so to speak.   Vecna targeted others who were hiding secret shame, too. Max had a kind of proximity to his main “target,” though, that they didn’t.   Curious to hear others thoughts!
The answer is the writers didn’t have vecna planned at that point lol. The second thing is well he got Patrick after failing with max and then max stopped the music and let him in again so
My theory is that Verna kidnapped will, so he could use his memories to recreate Hawkins in the upside down.  That's why it's 1983 Hawkins in the upside-down.
>Vecna targeted him as best potential secret agent  Impossible. Will was going to die at the end of s1 until Hopper resuscitated him. There was never a plan for Will, he was in the wrong place at the wrong time, nothing more and if s5 claims its something more thats a bullshit retcon
I was wondering the same about max but wounded pride fits perfectly with vecna's character
You're probably right and it pisses me off. I hate retcons
*"It’s not like there was someone called Vecna, but it was going to be about Number One. And I remember even talking about in the early days, they’ll do spin-off comic books or things like that, going “You can do other numbers, just stay away from One.” We knew we wanted this entity controlling everything, but it wasn’t really till we’d gotten into the season that we figured out all the details. That it was Henry, that this is how his powers are going to work and operate, and all of that."*  [source](https://www.indiewire.com/2022/08/duffer-brothers-stranger-things-season-4-scream-1234750885/)
Judging from the quote that was provided to you, I don't think it totally disproves what you said. Now, I think retroactively S4 has shown that Vecna was at the heart of the first 3 seasons, but basically all the Duffer brothers said in that quote was that they wanted it to be about Number One, but it wasn't fully fleshed out, which comes across in the tone of S1 and 2 in relation to the Mind Flayer. Hell, even in S3, I don't entirely see Billy as Vecna. Retrospectively we can find similarities, but I'm not so sure the Duffer brothers fully grasped how to get across their end game prior to S4. They literally state that when they say:   >We knew we wanted this entity controlling everything, but it wasn’t really till we’d gotten into the season that we figured out all the details. That it was Henry, that this is how his powers are going to work and operate, and all of that.
>my personal theory is he wanted Will to be his hier.  Then why was he about to let Will die at the end of s1? Why does everyone who thinks Vecna chose Will for some greater purpose conveneniently forget that Will wasn't breathing and had to be resuscitated? If Hopper and Joyce show up 30 seconds later Will just dies. This is what pisses me off about s4 and Vecna retconning everything, fucked everything up and now there's a bunch of nonsensical theories flying around
He was an accident at first in s1 but bc he survived and was the most traumatized kid in Hawkins Vecna went on to possess him in s2. Actually I'm still not fully sure how that worked tbh. At some point the MF entered his body, but it was shown as a possession/vision in s2 which doesn't make sense to me bc it was a vision..so how'd the MF part get in him..unless that it was planted in s1. Idk how much sense that made but whatever lol
Yeah I think its Trauma. Which both had. which why billy was possessed too. Billy had trauma as well.
S4 was a huge retcon in itself tbh, more will come in S5 lmao
Well, hopefully they're smart enough to realize that was a terrible idea.   lol
OK before turn to anger here is bit explanation of season 1 Demogorgon (this also explains the Demogorgon in the USSR) I believe that it was fully under Vecna control when it kidnapped Will how strain of keep control of hive mind across dimensions was too much and so once Demogorgon transported Will to Upside Down. It suddenly regained control of own mind. essentially it was free of being part hive mind and back to being a wild animal that why after kidnapping Will it becomes animalistic only going after prey that bleeds. However once Demogorgon attacked Dr Brenner Vecna regained control as notice how not only did Dr Brenner live but also Demogorgon suddenly become slower moving almost like the is straining put on it. It even goes from run to slowly walking. Almost like suddenly someone is pulling it strings   So there you have it ethier like this explanation or think I am crack pot. But maybe don't go straight to anger when people think Will was kidnapped  for a reason as we now know Upside Down isn't so much wild as much as a kingdom controlled.
>He was an accident at first in s1 but bc he survived and was the most traumatized kid in Hawkins Vecna went on to possess him in s2.  Right thats my point, people claim he was taken in s1 for some grand plan but thats not the case. If the argument is that he was chosen in s2 for some grand plan than yeah I can get on board with that. Just no s1 cause he was literally going to die.   >Actually I'm still not fully sure how that worked tbh. At some point the MF entered his body, but it was shown as a possession/vision in s2 which doesn't make sense to me bc it was a vision..so how'd the MF part get in him..unless that it was planted in s1. Idk how much sense that made but whatever lol  Yeah it doesn't really add up when you think about it
>strain of keep control of hive mind across dimensions was too much and so once Demogorgon transported Will to Upside Down. It suddenly regained control of own mind.  I dont think this makes sense on a couple of levels. So the strain of Vecna holding control of the hive mind and the Demogorgon is too much across dimensions, why would the Demogorgon break free upon returning to the Upside Down when thats the same dimension that Vecna is also in? There'd be no strain cause they're in the same dimension. Also that interdimensional strain wasn't a problem in s2 or 3 so I dont buy that as an explanation.   >So there you have it ethier like this explanation or think I am crack pot.  I don't like this explanation, I think its cope. But I dont think you're a crackpot I think you're just trying to piece together the information we have. Which is exactly my problem, you shouldn't have to be trying to do that at all. They should've planned this all out better because the Vecna reveal retroactively damages the continuity of the show as a whole. I think the real explanation for the s1 Demogorgon and Will and Vecna is that Vecna wasn't even thought of at the time and the Demogorgon simply had whatever powers/behavior the plot needed it to have in the moment. I think Vecna being in control the whole time ruins already established lore, weakens the earlier seasons of the show, and raises more questions than answers. Thats why I'm angry. I'm not angry at you, I'm angry at the writers for prioritizing holy shit moments and pandering to the lowest common denominator fan letting the quality suffer as a result. I feel like I'm watching the writing quality nosedive off a cliff and nobody else cares cause they're too busy laughing at the funny weed man and losing their minds over Vecna. I'm getting Game of Thrones flashbacks, early seasons of both shows some of the best TV I've ever seen and now I'm genuinely worried s5 is gonna crash land the ending
Yea, hopefully they clear it all up s5. On an unrelated note...А ты действительно русский волк?
Yeah, the problem here is that S4 'retconned' the story as a whole by bringing Vecna as the main villain who 'has been behind everything', it kinda seems ridiculous to some people (and honestly, to me too i have to be honest). I get the intention but so much stuff is retconned now with S1-S2-S3 in one go.   Cannot even compare it to GoT because at least the directors/writers of GoT ran out off the original materials (aka books), so they had to come up with something and wrote something rushed.   I still hope ST S5 can do it justice but in terms of how they wrote things, it seems very challenging to me.
I mean wouldn't be first time Vecna has lost control of something he is in same dimension he is just look at Victor his dad as he puts "but I was a child and did not know my own limits". Like Vecna already see himself as perfect. So likely he still suffers with ego that stop him reflecting after all he holds mirror up to people. Well maybe it's time for someone to hold one up to him. But guess we will be at logger heads as I truly believe Vecna is best villain the show came up with because he is anti the theme of the show and that is great.
Sorry I'm not actually Russian haha
>I mean wouldn't be first time Vecna has lost control of something he is in same dimension he is just look at Victor his dad as he puts "but I was a child and did not know my own limits".  Right he ran out of gas and passed out. Is that what you're saying happened in s1 too?   >But guess we will be at logger heads as I truly believe Vecna is best villain the show came up with because he is anti the theme of the show and that is great.  Yeah and I think thats flat out bad writing. I'm gonna need you to explain how going against the theme of the show is possibly a good thing. Established themes should be respected and should have a payoff, flipping then on their heads at the last minute feels like a swerve for the sake of a swerve which is never good imo. Nothing strange about Stranger Things if its just some human guy at the end of the day. Fucking lame. I'm so tired of the humans are the real evil trope. Can my interdimensional monster horror show stay an interdimensional monster horror show please? I love Vecna as a season villain, as a change of pace but not as the big bad especially when making him the end all was clearly never the original plan, it conflicts too much with the first seasons. And the Duffers themselves originally said that s1 was supposed to be stand alone so any claims, canon or not, that Vecna had anything to do with the events of that season are bullshit
Loool k XD
Yeah pretty much hit nail on head Demogorgon thing so will leave that there.   Now explain why Vecna makes perfect villain being anti theme. At it core Stranger Things is a coming of age story about protagonists growth. So how do you write villain for that you make anti growth Vecna flat hates time "where others saw order I saw a straight jacket a curel oppressive world dictated by made up rules". Even protagonists who kids (well teens now) are new life having new experience new joys and what does Vecna see new life as "EACH LIFE A LESSER COPY THAN THE ONE BEFORE IT" He can't figure out that life is about growth it about change. But Vecna has kept himself in dimension he frozen in time he has stop experiencing thing and is just living. But even living violates his ideology and so people with trauma not only act as new fuel for fire after "consumes everything a person is and everything they ever will be". But also stop from growing past the trauma becoming better people again anti the theme he stop growth. And final what very presents does to world when comes back the lush greeny (the Flowers 11 likes mostly) of Hawkin. Starts to rot and decay essentially denying growth yet again infecting the very world the ideal of growth of time moving foward as toxic. So you see Vecna is perfect because goes against the core of the show and because let's be honest Jamie chews scenery at it yummiest.
And Vecna would have gotten away with it too, if it hadn't been for you meddling kids!
You're not the first lol what did you ask?
Haha really? Oh just 'are you actually a russian wolf'. Was gonna say your English is 👌
Yeah its happened a few times now. Oh wow so I actually unintentionally answered you anyway, well sorta lol.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Jonathan deserves screentime with Will, you cannot change my mind.
They're all gonna be teamed up together in ST5, along with Steve and Nancy. Same age group.
I think they would get a long great, but what would the do? I feel like Argyle provided the only means of transport for the Cali crew and provided a convenient excuse for why Jonathan was so secondary and out of the loop this season (without having him regress into his season 1 self).   Robin is one of my all time favs and I just love her. However, last season she seemed to be the funny buddy tagging along. She made all the scenes she was in more fun but, if she hadn't been there, the main crew still would have gotten where they needed to go in the end.   Jonathan... our poor boy, what have they done to our boy??? Absolutely not much. He only seems to have relevance because other characters still care about him as "Will's brother and Nancy's bf."  Unless the writers really juice their arcs, I feel like having them hang out just keeps them in the sidelines so they don't distract from major plotlines other characters are already leading.
No, Jonathan is a dramatic character and should not be relegated to comic relief. He needs scenes with Nancy, Joyce and Will. Hopefully with Hopper and El too.
On drugs!
I wanna see a Johnathan/Steve duo. They could be awesome together
I’m actually not really expecting to see much of Argyle in S5. I mean his mom has totally filed a missing persons report and he’s SO fired, but Surfer Boy Pizza definitely wants their van back. I’m expecting him to have left and traveled back west.
So you want a comic releaf club with Jonathan
Duo*
No. Argyle needs to die a horrible, unimaginable death within the first 5 seconds of the first episode.
I ship Eddie and robin is that normal
YESSSS
Robin is the only reason why they got to see Victor Creel. She was also the reason why they checked a less reputable newspaper to find the article about Victor. She was crucial in a lot of ways.
How about nah
This subreddit's extreme hate boner for Argyle is actually incredible. 🤦🏾‍♂️
⚡🙎🏿‍♂️⚡
I mean she wasn’t the ONLY reason. If Nancy hadn’t lied to get into the trailer park to do her investigations then the Hawkins group wouldn’t have their lead, she was the one to get information from Eddie’s uncle, she was the one who lead Robin to the library, if Nancy didn’t get her newspaper buddies to create fake papers they wouldn’t be able to get in the place at first
He’s the worst character in show history. Even more than Erica which I didn’t think was  possible.  God I hope he dies a horrible death.
Most people love him on this sub. What are you talking about?   I’m definitely an outlier.
My thing is that Robin was mighty important this season. The papers alone weren’t swaying the head psychiatrist. That got them the meeting not the access to the man, that was Robins speech. Nancy had a name but wouldn’t have checked that kind of paper so she wouldn’t have found anything.
What’s wrong with them exactly?
Considering that I'm the maker of many things even Argyle related in this subreddit, and the amount of people I've had to *hand-by-hand block* from commenting on my posts about anything Argyle related, I can confirm to you that **a lot** of people here seem to dislike Argyle.  Everywhere else, he's loved. It seems to be here that he just has this massive hate train for *whatever* reason.
I’m not saying she wasn’t important all I’m saying is that she wasn’t the only reason, which is factual. Robin wouldn’t have been able to find anything if Nancy didn’t do her investigation, or head to the library. The papers still got them into asylum which then allowed Robin’s speech to give them access to the man. They were both very crucial, it was a teamwork.
Argyle was useless.  They played up the typical 80’s stoner trope that never existed.  It’s overdone and it’s boring.  I’m not a fan of overdone stereotypes and he was it.  Those stoner types never existed in the 80’s.  They took spicoli and created an exact replica.      Erica is just an annoying brat. She got better in season 4 but in 3 she was unbearable.
Well that makes me feel better that my hatred of him is shared. I thought I was the only reasonable one on this sub.  Dudes a clown and I hope he’s not in this season at all.
That’s my point probably could’ve phrased it better the original comment claimed she was more of a funny buddy than as important and integral to teams success as she was.
If it never existed how is it overdone? Your hostility is super alarming.
>Dudes a clown and I hope he’s not in this season at all.  Well you're gonna be sorely disappointed if that's the case. Wishing you all the strength this season 💪🏾
>original comment claimed she was more of a funny buddy than as important and integral to teams success as she was.  What? I said, "She made all the scenes she was in more fun but, if she hadn't been there, the main crew still would have gotten where they needed to go in the end." My frustration is that every great moment for Robin was a teamwork moment.   She got to the answer first in a couple instances, but always as a support role. She is always the complement to Nancy's action or the complement to Steve's dialogue. The writers didn't give her any task that was her's to lead.   The team would have found out Vecna/Henry/One eventually. There was El's backstory, the psychic connection to Nancy, and his chasing after Max which also revealed key details.   Was it awesome that Robin helped add details to the background of the Creel house with the newspaper and had a monologue at the asylum to see Daddy Creel. Yes, of course. However, if those things hadn't happened, the Vecna/Henry/One still would have been revealed by the other characters (especially El, Nancy, Max) who were primarily leading the storylines Robin was a part of.
Its overdone because a lot of movies and tv shows use that stereotype for some reason.   It’s not that hard to understand.    My comment was alarming?  You may be a tad sensitive if that was alarming.
I know I know. I already lost that battle because the writers are idiots who put awful characters in their show.  I wish it would go back to the core group.
You want his character to die because he’s a stereotype. That’s alarming because it’s not necessary. It’s not overdone there were ALOT of people on mind altering substances in the 80s pop culture is just a depiction of that if that wasn’t your reality fine but that doesn’t mean it wasn’t a big deal.
The whole thing is a spicoli rip off.   It’s lazy and stereotypical.    And yea I want his character to sue a horrible death.    You may be a little too sensitive my friend.
Nah you’re just a butthead. No character deserves a horrible ending simply because YOU don’t like that they’re a stereotype. You wanting him gone for such a flimsy reason let’s me know that you’re too sensitive if a character in a show makes you feel  that level of hatred.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
El had no name in the lab. She had a number - 011. Mike changed it to a name - “Eleven” - and suggested “El” for short, which she consented to. If she wanted to be called Jane, she would ask to be called that. The move to Cali was the perfect opportunity for that. She only used it at school because she was in hiding. She clearly doesn’t feel a connection to the name Jane - which is sad and Brenner’s fault.
I saw it as a sort of taking it back type of thing, in the lab Eleven was just a number, a test subject, and a weapon but outside of Eleven is now El, her dad is Hopper, Mike is her boyfriend, Will is her brother, Max is her best friend, Lucas, Dustin, Nancy, and Steve are all people who she’s friends with and care about her. Now Eleven is loved for being Eleven, not a weapon, to her friends she’s not a monster but she’s a superhero. What once was bad is now good
Eleven is her preferred name. They didn’t keep it for “continuity.”  011 was what Brenner identified her as. Those bad memories you mention are tied to when she was literally just a number.  Mike understood that to mean Eleven, and then he humanized that by asking if he could call her El. He basically changed the meaning, and in doing so, helped her start on a new path with a new identity.   She was and has never been Jane to her friends. Jane is who she could have been if she was allowed to stay with her mother, but she has no connection to the name. It’s just her birth name. She didn’t know any of those things about her mother until long after she’d already started identifying as Eleven/El…  So… she is Eleven/El, and that is her clear preference.   That’s why absolutely no one outside of the jerks in California, who *couldn’t* know her by any other name, calls her that. Her usage of Jane is as much a cover as 011 once was.
The preferred name for everyone is "El", which is an affectionate nickname.  Furthermore, it was given to her by her beloved boyfriend, the first person who showed her real kindness and affection.  Understandable, there's an emotional attachment to it.
Jane is who she could have been, El is who she actually became. You'll notice she doesn't want to give up her powers she was brainwashed into either. Jane would have had no superpowers.   They definitely thought about it, thought about everything. The chose this name representing normalcy exactly for how unremarkable it is: "Plain Jane" "Jane Doe"... it doesn't fit Eleven whatsoever.
I think that for El, the name Jane is a sad reminder of the life that she never got to have and a girl that she never got to be. Jane is a part of her, but the chance to truly be Jane was stolen from her. El is the name that represents freedom to her, so she chose to keep it.
Because it's cool. Maybe at the end of the series, she'll ask her people to call her Jane, but until then the rule of cool prevails.
She had zero identity for alot of her life, so the fact that Mike started calling her El maybe gave a sense of... Humanity to her.  Instead of a number, she became a Name..  Then her squad uses it as like a nickname.  I'm sure you know someone who gained a nickname whether it be because they wanted to or something silly, and just end up going by it.  Especially in the case of close friends.
She was used to her cool nickname they gave her, El.
Why don’t I use whatever name my birth mother came up with?  Because I don’t have any identity with it. I’ve lived an entire life with the name I use. I’m not going to just change it.  Same thing for El.
1. Mike technically named her El, and because she's much closer to Mike than her birth Mother she probably feels more connected to that name than Jane. 2. She's also only ever been called Jane to her face by people at her school bullying her, so she probably doesn't like that name all that much. She knows herself as Eleven and all her friends know her as Eleven.
They call her Elle the vast majority of the time. That, along with Eleven, is what they have always called her, so just because she found out her birth name is Jane, they wouldn’t just switch to that. If you had a friend who’d you’d been calling Rose for 4 years then she found out her birth name was Phoebe, you wouldn’t automatically switch to Phoebe. You would just carry on calling her Rose.
[removed]
Habit
r/lostredditors
>She only used it at school because she was in hiding  And cause you know the bullying would be even worse if she introduced herself as El short for Eleven lol.
We've got similar in the r/startrek universe with Seven of Nine. She was born Annika Hansen, but preferred being called Seven even when freed from the Borg collective.
:)
:)
It is , but when they say it in 3 rd person they use 'Eleven' always
Yeah that detailing is nice :)
She also just doesn't really look like a Jane at all to me.
This is an important aspect that somehow gets overlooked whenever this question inevitably pops up. If you found out that you were kidnapped/adopted/something else and that you were named something else when you were just born, would you be able to just switch back? For most people the answer would be a resounding 'no'. A name is too closely tied to your identity for El to simply change it.
I’m glad someone gets it!
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Growing up with not the best parental figures does not automatically mean you yourself will be lacking as a parent. Having a negative experience with a parent often teaches us how we DON’T want to parent. As a parent, you naturally want your child to have better than you did. I see El being an incredibly nurturing mother. I believe she would want her child to have everything she had to go without. Same with Mike; he hasn’t had the greatest home life and he’ll want his children to have better. I think the two of them would make a pretty amazing parenting team.  I actually don’t think there is a single member of the party who would make a bad parent. Lucas and Dustin would be great, empathetic fathers. I think Will would be a good father too, but he’ll likely adopt children later in life when his friends all have teenagers.   I’ve never really seen Max as a parent type- I think she is going to be a really awesome dog mom.  Jonathan had a horrible, abusive, absent father and watched his mother struggle to support him and his little brother, and he himself had to step up and help raise him. He’s going to make sure his own children never have to live like that.  Nancy had a good example of a mother in Karen. She is also strong willed and determined. She wants to do all the things Karen couldn’t, though. She will make sure she is successful herself before she ever has children, and when she does, I think she’ll be a good mom.
Nancy and Jonathan would be good parents, but it wouldn't make them happy.  Edited to add: I suspect that the best parent would be Mike. The way he has helped Eleven fit into the outside world--when he's just a kid--suggests he'd be kind and patient as an adult.
I think that Jonathan would be a great parent- he's cared for Will for their entire lives, often putting himself aside and making sacrifices to ensure Will's safety and well-being, but he never acts as if Will owes him for that. He's reassuring and gentle when Will needs it most, and I think he'd do the same for his children if he had them.   Mike would be really great too- he's practical but balances it out with a sense of humor and fun. He's very perceptive and ready to listen when someone has a concern, and that's a really important quality for a parent to have.   Same with Lucas- he's a little set in his ways sometimes but his stubbornness also means he goes to bat for the people he loves without question and he'd be strong and steady throughout the challenges of raising kids, and he also has a sense of fun and excitement and would make his kids laugh.   Steve would be the kind of parent who gets really invested in all his kid's activities and really makes an effort to share their excitement for things.   I think Will would be a phenomenal dad- he's incredibly patient and gentle, and he exudes a sense of comfort and empathy when people around him are upset. He's very selfless and would give anything to see his kids happy, and he knows firsthand how emotionally taxing growing up can be, so he'd empathize and be able to help his children navigate that.  Similar to Will, El has had firsthand experience with emotional trauma in her childhood so I think she'd be a very gentle and supportive parent and help her kids through those challenges, and she also has such a sense of fun and wonder and would take her kids to do a lot of the exciting things she never got to as a kid.
All of them would be good at it, at least later in their lives. Nancy probably wouldn't be a very good parent at this point in her life because she'd be bitter about kids restricting her dreams. But later on in life when she's made her career dreams I'm sure she'd be a perfectly good parent. Dustin probably wouldn't be a good Dad early on in his career for similar reasons. But later, he'd be excellent.   Jonathan is *already* the best father figure we see, arguably even better than Hopper. He has far more patience than Hopper, and the way he handles Will is with such love and kindness.   El I'm sure would make a great parent because she is aware of how her childhood was messed up and would try to actively rectify that by giving her kids a great childhood.   Steve I think is almost ready for parenthood, but not quite yet. Still a little bit of maturation might be necessary.
Mike is obviously a great parent. He is doing great a a little kid at talking care of Eleven in S1, also very caring and supportive with Will in S2. I'd trust that boy with my baby at any age!  Jonathan would be a great father, but he really needs a loooong break between Will growing up and having babies. He has actually been a father already, poor boy.   Dustin would probably be a great dad too and Steve. And Lucas, really!  Idk, it's mostly the male character who have these attributes in ST!
I think Mike would make a great parent. Yes, his parents are terrible at communicating, but I think that’s something he, in particular, is working through, and by the time he has the opportunity to be a father, he’ll be fine. He is not Ted.   Mike is framed as “the heart” of the group for a reason, and much of that has to do with that he is kind, very caring, patient, often gentle with those who need gentleness (El, Will), accepting of differences, and protective. The group relies on him to lead them and encourage them. We’ve seen this with El, but even with simple stuff like giving reassurance to Dustin or encouraging Erica to make the decisions on the DnD battlefield.  I think that would all translate really well to raising a child.    And to what OP said… Eleven might have to work at some things, but I honestly think she’d make a great mom.  She’d be actively trying to give her kids the childhood she was denied and oodles of love, and she and Mike would likely balance each other well, as they always have.  I also agree that Steve would make a great dad, and that’s clearly something he wants in the future, based on what he told Nancy. He (now) puts others before himself and can clearly (sometimes) manage a crowd of kids. ;)   I think Lucas would make a solid dad too. I can easily see him teaching his kids how to use a wrist rocket or play basketball.
Steve
Lucas. It seems like he has an at least decent family, so no bringing horrible patterns. He's very sibling-y, but good with Erica. He was mature even in s1 considering their ages, he kept showing he's capable and can have good attachment, he was there for Max and she was his priority not getting her back. When he's old enough to do the whole family thing, he'll be a star parent.  El really needs therapy or an equivalent before being a good parent, she'd be benevolent and loving but that's not enough in her situation.  Mike also a no, same as Nancy but worse, they need to do some work first to get over their parents.  Steve I'd say yes if in s4 he was exposed to some good parenting instead of burning down half his character growth by chasing a skirt and whining about having to "babysit" a younger friend. So also not at this time, and definitely not with a partner he doesn't trust 200%, bring in that therapy.  Jonathan would do his damned best but it wouldn't be enough, he has been a parental figure worrying about a child and bills since he himself was a little kid, he would break. He needs to get in some me time and a few years of life and then he'll be great.  Robin would be great imo, but only in certain situations not generally, she needs to live a bit out in the world before she grabs the turkey baster.  (For funsies: Robin + Jonathan + Steve would make it work together in a platonic co-parenting throuple, somehow I feel like that situation eliminates or balances many of their shortcomings)
The fact that no one has said Steve is alarming
Joyce. She would fight for her kids and never give up.
Bob.....T.T
I do think at some point in his 30s kids could make Jonathan happy. He just needs some time to prioritize himself first. With Nancy it could go either way (but definitely a little later in life!)
I'd argue Jonathan is already the best father figure on the show. Even better than Hopper. He's kind, patient, thoughtful and also supportive with Will. Hopper mostly does well, but he's a little less patient.   But you're right in that he wouldn't be happy, at least not until later.
Lucas also has the one genuinely good dad of the bunch who has been shown to give his son good advice.  Compare that to the rest of the crew, four of which have absentee or no dads and the one who does have a dad (Mike) has one who is pretty much checked out.  However, the likes of Mike and Will you can see being good dads because they want to be the opposite of their own parents.  Same with the teens like Jonathan (who it's been shown has a great fear of ending up like his dad) and Steve (who openly calls his dad a dick).
I agree with all of this. And was also thinking that El has been shown to be compassionate towards vulnerable children and animals throughout the series (her interaction with Will in the UD, refusing to kill the lab worker who helped torture her mother because of his children, the cat in the lab). El obviously continues to learn and grow like the others. She and Mike will compliment each other as parents.
I meant it the current kids/teens
Jonathan's first appearance in the show has him cooking his family a big breakfast. I basically assumed he was the heroic main character from that moment on.
Ironically, the book Lucas on the Line goes into Lucas’s dad background. He was adopted as a toddler and his adopted parents treated him like shit. (He join the military as soon as he could in the Vietnam War to get away from those parents).  So the reason he’s a good dad is much the same reason you say Mike and Will would be, because he wants to be the opposite of his own father and be a better dad to Lucas and Erica than his dad was for him.
I’m always leery of the books because they are not specifically endorsed by the Duffers as canon. (I know the author of that book has insisted it is, but unless Matt and Shawn say it, I don’t believe it.)   But I **really** like that as a head canon as a background for Lucas’ family. I’ve enjoyed the little we’ve seen of his dad.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I think I will end up regretting this once I’ve built everything from the show, but I think it would be sick to build the whole town and also build it as it is in the upside down. With summer approaching I’ll have a lot more time so hopefully I’ll actually be able to finish this. It’s definitely my most ambitious build, but you can see some of my older stuff in my post history. :D  Definitely gonna be hard, but fun
this is like the coolest thing I've ever seen in minecraft, would love to see more !
Are the houses floating so that you can rebuild them underneath to represent the Upside Down? If so, love the idea.
this is so cool!!!
 How long has this taken you?! I'm impressed
Genuinely looks amazing! Nice job!!
once you're finished, you've got to post a link or something
Slide me that mind flayer schematic
This is already looking great OP! I look forward to seeing how you tackle the upside down portion of it (which it looks like you are already planning ahead for!).  Not super familiar with how minecraft worlds work, but is there a way to share the world for others to download and play on once it is finished? That would be pretty fun if so
That’s amazing! On a SIMilar topic, I started building Hawkins and making the characters in the Sims 4! How long has this taken so far?
Freind don’t lie
So sick!!!
It looks great and is a great idea! You've **got** to do the Hawkins Upside Down too.
imagine he replies 999 million hour lllol
There is a way to do that yeah
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah, you are right, and I hope the writers give them screen time together for the next season. I also always thought Nancy's relationship with Jonathan and Mike's relationship with El were very similar to each other. They both have insecurities keeping them apart even if they love each other greatly.   As you said, it is not the same 100% but they have similarities and similar sorts of problems for sure, I hope they talk together in the next season.
This is excellent. Great catch.
interesting, i never noticed, thanks for pointing all this out! i noticed that in Mike’s case his issues were more so resolved in the end (his best friend was rescued, vulnerable feelings shared which make his relationship more steady), for Nancy it isn’t (Barb died, her and Jonathan still have stuff that needs to be said and worked out). i think in S5 it would be kinda cool to see Mike giving her advice or something, as a way to show how their relationship has changed and that he’s no longer her younger brother who she views as like childish or immature or whatever
I always wished that the show would explore their relationship more. It feels like the writers forgot they're brother and sister. Still think season 4 would've been stronger if Mike had been in Hawkins. Nancy would've had a personal stake in the whole town turning against Hellfire.
Usually I try to remain sceptical about theories like this because it is rather easy to mistake accidental events for intentional parallels. This observation is really cool though. Four seasons of almost identical things going on in their lives is quite something. And everything fits so nicely.  To me it is quite funny though how they have managed to evade each other in every season and somehow not talk about any of this. It's a pity honestly. They could have helped each other through some of these issues. But that ship has sailed I guess.
They definitely seem like the type of sibling pair that can’t relate much as kids (could be an age thing, could be an interests thing, maybe both), but I think as they get into adulthood they’ll probably become friends because of their common experiences.
Yes, they do have many parallels!  In s4 they're both being lied to by their significant other and they suspect something's going on and are insecure because of it (Nancy thinks Jonathan could have met someone else).  If season 5 mirrors season 1 maybe we'll finally see them talk to each other, possibly without lying  this time.
Great post, loving seeing the similarities between these two. Really goes to show how much they could gain by having more positive interactions and a closer relationship.
TBH I forget all the time that Nancy and Mike are siblings since they are almost NEVER together 😂
I love the way they've written this dynamic because it's interesting to watch how they both approach things a lot differently and how they face similar issues but approach them in opposite ways! :)
It makes sense since what Nancy said to Jonathan about her parents marriage.
wow great catch. Also, in season 2 they’re both trying to do right by their missing friend from season 1. Mike sticking close and being support for Will; Nancy trying to expose the lab and what happened with Barb.
Imo Mike and Nancy’s arcs are both about how they pretend to be someone they’re not and how they have to grow past that. With Nancy it’s dating Steve and just pretending she’s a normal “stupid teenager” or being forced to give up her ambitions at work for being a woman. with Mike it’s rejecting his nerdy hobbies bc “we’re not kids anymore” and his weird persona in s4e2 where he seems to try to be acting cooler than he is bc of how he thinks El’s gonna leave him after realizing he’s just some nerd, especially when he thinks her life is going so well without him in Cali.  It probably stems from Karen’s whole thing where she settled down with Ted bc that’s what she was expected to do and now she’s in this loveless marriage like Nancy explains in s1.
For season 5, an interesting change of pace is if they had to work with each others significant other for a long period of time, giving insight into how their siblings SO works.  Plus I'd love to see some El and Nancy kicking butt and taking names, psychic powers and gun style, while Mike and Johnathan so some brain things in the background, figuring out the key to pushing the UD back to its original world.
I would also like to point out that both Wheeler siblings have issues telling their significant other “I love you”.
I could honestly see them getting into fight cause of leadership at the beginning of season. They will split into groups,but they will most likely work together in first 2 eps and that's where the conflict could start. I really want that. And then we see reconciliation between them and they become closer than ever
Great observations! I have the strong feeling they both will break up with their SO in S5 and that will be another parallel. (Yeah, I know that's an unpopular opinion)  We do need at least one bonding moment between them or the series will feel incomplete.
This is a great write-up, but there's one similarity that others have pointed out that I believe you left out:  \- In S2, Steve gets upset at Nancy because she can't say that she loves him.  \- In S4, El gets upset with Mike because he can't say/write that he loves her.
Right. I feel like the similarities in their struggles and personal issues can’t be a coincidence at this point. They are too similar in every season.
I can see a time jump (with Nancy presumably coming home again after college) doing that for them, having Nancy realise Mike actually grew up a bit. I don't know about the romantic advice part though, but I do hope they work together as a team a bit more. Or at least interact more! There are too many parallels between them, as OP has pointed out, for it all to be unintentional.
>Still think season 4 would've been stronger if Mike had been in Hawkins  A lot of people say this, but I disagree. I like that the plan didn't work out while Mike wasn't there, because he has always been the best at considering all variables and coming up with well rounded plans. I would have given Mike a stronger storyline in California, but I enjoyed his arc, and didn't mine that he wasn't in Hawkins (which was already overcrowded).   > Nancy would've had a personal stake in the whole town turning against Hellfire.  I think I need to see Mike and Nancy connecting a bit more before I can even buy this. Nancy is consistently voicing concerns for her brother, but sometimes I have trouble seeing that is in fact the case, since she and Mike don't even talk and never seem to get along.
This post proves pretty clearly that they have not forgotten.    Of course it was a shame Mike wasn't there but that will be important for S5. With Mike and Will (and Jonathan probably Idk) they will win, only without them they lost.
Yeah, I do think it’s a testament to how detached they are from each other that they haven’t connected despite everything they have been through together. It’s quite the contrast with Jonathan and Will, who experienced everything really differently, and yet continue to be close and have a lot in common.  If these similarities between Mike and Nance are a coincidence, then it’s one hell of a coincidence! I am curious to see if this amounts to anything for them in ST5. Thoughts?
I would like that.
Can’t say I blame you, really.
Honestly same. In S4 I kept forgetting so badly, it actually surprised me everytime they interacted that they know each other so well.
I like that they're different enough as characters that their issues are quite unique to them - Nancy is vulnerable to slut-shaming and workplace sexism but appears more secure in herself/knows her worth, Mike isn't going to get her specific trials but faces being ostracised as a nerd and feeling insecure about being too ordinary/not good enough a match for the girl he loves (you wouldn't catch Nancy wondering that in either of the relationships we've seen her in so far but then neither of her love interests was a literal superhero so it's understandable for Mike).
Yep! This is very much the case.
>With Nancy it’s dating Steve and just pretending she’s a normal “stupid teenager” or being forced to give up her ambitions at work for being a woman. with Mike it’s rejecting his nerdy hobbies bc “we’re not kids anymore” and his weird persona in s4e2 where he seems to try to be acting cooler than he is bc of how he thinks El’s life is going so well without him in Cali.  ......I don't think those two respective arcs are at all alike though?  Nancy is fired from work for taking initiative in the face of openly expressed workplace sexism, and receives encouragement from Karen (who all but states she had to give up her own dreams as a young woman in the face of that same obstacle, it's implied that Ted was her get-out - a piece of info Nancy did not have before) and comes out with the desire to keep fighting, which carries over into her role as high school newspaper editor (implied this is her future career path and identity given the amount of emotional investment she puts into it, approaching the deaths and threat to Max in the way a reporter would, etc).  Mike ditches the D&D in season 3 but by season 4 he's clearly back in the game enough to have joined Hellfire with Dustin, and that's before he goes to see El. As for "acting cooler than he is", barring the costume he wore off the plane (a clear attempt to 'do as the Romans do' when it comes to dress, and which was undone on sight by Argyle) I'm struggling to see anything that could be interpreted as such. If anything, he's even *more awkward than usual* thanks to being out of his usual setting, so to speak. He's polite to the bullies when he was introduced to them as "Jane's friends", but the act being put on there isn't by him.  edit: and even if I were to interpret the intended parallel as being between 'Nancy in S2 pretending everything is ok and suppressing her trauma over Barb to play the part of a normal teenager with Steve' and 'Mike in season 3 saying he doesn't want to play D&D anymore and hanging out with El instead'...... it still doesn't add up. Nancy's trauma over the coverup of Barb's death is her driving motivation that season, **that** is the thing that renders the whole 'pretend to be a normal teenager' thing worthless in her eyes, because she actually sees it as pretending even as she's doing it.   There's no part of Mike in season 3 that comes across as pretending, at all - he's genuinely not as into D&D for that time because he's found other ways to occupy his time, and oh yeah, his relationship isn't a coverup for any traumas or him being pushed into "acting normal" since, well, he actually wants to be there. He did have a major trauma he was hiding....... in season 2. Namely, Eleven's disappearance and possible death, which he mostly concealed behind a facade of going to school and carrying on as normally as possible, just as Nancy did in her own life that very season.
This post was not about shipping and I don’t want to make it about shipping. It’s about the sibling dynamic.
I didn’t find that relevant, since the reasons for the struggle in both cases have been explained and are dramatically different.
>I could honestly see them getting into fight cause of leadership   Hopefully Mike wins this time, because in ST3 he stood alone and his warnings were 100% correct and yet Nancy and everyone else refused to listen to him.
Mike and el are not breaking up
The post is about how the two characters have similar personal issues in ever season, and don't connect despite that. It has nothing to do with shipping.  I also don't feel those issues are in any way relevant, since Mike actually sincerely blurted out that he loved El in the previous season, and very clearly explained why he was struggling to tell Eleven he loved her, whereas Nancy had been telling Steve she loved him when she did not. No similarities theres. Mike does love Eleven, has said so and his reasons for doing so have to do with personal insecurity, and that is not something I see Nancy struggling with at all.
This is completely true and both arcs even lead to identical scenes—Nancy and Jonathan sitting on a car talking about her relationship issues with Steve and Mike and Will sitting on a car talking about the “thing” Mike can’t say to El. Jonathan lies and says Steve asked Jonathan to take Nancy home. Later Will lies and says El commissioned the painting for Mike. Nancy tells Steve she loves him, as does Mike to El. Not sure why there’s so much animosity from people for pointing this out. Even if you believe the reasoning/outcome is/will be different, the set up is the same, and their journeys as characters appear to be paralleling in some manner.
I don’t think anybody is going to College anytime soon. The military is def going to quarantine hawkings
You make some good points. My issue with Mike not being in Hawkins is how boring his story was. There was some good character moments, but the story could've been stronger.
>I would have given Mike a stronger storyline in California  same, I feel like the whole Cali crew was a bit underused in such a busy season and some specific parts (like the practically alternate-dimension feel of the interlude in Suzie's house) came off a bit random, yeah we got a few nice moments but so much of it was spent just sitting in a van, which comes off a bit passive even if Mike actually got a lot done in that arc, while everyone else is running around.   (seriously, I could have done with maybe a pizza van chase scene, that thing is stonkingly obvious and surely the military would clock the number plates of their quarry's getaway van? Or were they not even trying to catch them once they had poor agent Wallace in hand to torture)
If the pattern continues in season 5, then I imagine that it will be about both siblings dealing with their relationships. Both Mike and Nancy suffered through the pain that is a long distance relationship and they both encountered communication issues because of it. An honest conversation between Nancy and Jonathan on one hand and Mike and Eleven on the other is likely. That's the obvious one that I can see. Other than that I would say that both of them will be struggling with their leadership roles while they are trying to guide their friends through apocalyptic Hawkins.
These are such great points, Sassy. I still find it baffling to see people mixing up Mike having self esteem issues, with him not accepting or owning up to who he is. Mike has always been himself, and that is precisely why he has been bullied at school. You don't walk around with a "Hellfire Club" t-shirt, trying to recruit people to join your D&D game if you are trying to hide your true self.   Even at home, Mike doesn't fit in and seems to have accepted that. There is a reason he is usually alone in the basement and goes to his friends for help, not his family.
>As for "acting cooler than he is", barring the costume he wore off the plane (a clear attempt to 'do as the Romans do' when it comes to dress, and which was undone on sight by Argyle) I'm struggling to see anything that could be interpreted as such.  There is a stark difference btwn how mike is acting in episodes 1 and 2 of s4. mike is normally passionate, opinionated, expressive, he says what he thinks and he never shuts up. airport mike is trying to suppress that, be withdrawn, and never actually expressing himself. He doesn't hug Will, doing some weird bro-tap on the shoulder, despite the previous night having no problem hugging dustin. he's constantly making weird little jokes and not really giving his actual opinion on anything. he's clearly uncomfortable when angela comes and takes el but he acts like he doesn't care and just lets her go. then after everything goes to shit he pretty much admits that he had a problem with the way will was "being a douche" the whole day but wasn't saying anything; *that* is very much not mike's normal behavior.  Argyle even points out that his outfit is a "shitty knockoff" bc that's who mike is in that episode, a knockoff of himself that attempts to look cool but actually just makes everything painfully awkward.  >There's no part of Mike in season 3 that comes across as pretending, at all - he's genuinely not as into D&D for that time because he's found other ways to occupy his time  mike explicitly states that his reasoning for not playing d&d is "we're not kids anymore. did you think we'd never get girlfriends?" mike believes growing up and getting a girlfriend means giving up on your old hobbies so he acts accordingly. this is probably an effect of his experience with nancy, who used to be one of his nerd friends "until she started dating that douchebag steve harrington."  >because she actually sees it as pretending even as she's doing it.  she was pretending to be someone else in s1 and didn't realize it, even denying it when jon brought it up. and her whole relationship with steve between seasons was her trying to be someone else, she just didn't realize until halloween.
Yeah, that’s why I talked about the similarities between Mike and Nancy, lol. I mentioned her relationship with Steve bc it’s a part of her arc.
I don’t remember it really ever being fully explained for either sibling. I always attributed it to growing up in a house where your parents weren’t truly in love and never displayed what a true loving relationship looks like. Like Nancy was telling Jonathan in S1. I have this feeling Ted and Karen are not particularly affectionate, esp in front of their children and don’t say I Love You, which I think goes to both children not being able to say I love you. I don’t even know that we’ve heard Nancy say it to Jonathan (I could be wrong) and Mike was only able to finally say it after knowing he might lose El.
Wouldn't be suprising if she doesn't listen to him again (which ofcourse she won't). If one of her plans will fail again (which probably will),i hope Mike get's to say to ALL  of them  "i told you so".
For Mike and El I'm sure, it's Jonathan and Nancy I'm not totally sure off, but the logic of the post supports it plus I honestly think it's for the best.
You're interpreting this as if it's meant to be a 1:1 similarity, even though in your post you explicitly stated what the two characters are going through isn't exactly the same. I could easily nitpick every point you made just as you are mine, but that wouldn't be adding to the discussion, would it? Regardless of the reasoning, it's still a similarity nonetheless and is interesting and worthy of discussion.
>I don’t think anybody is going to College anytime soon. The military is def going to quarantine hawkings  They can't quarantine it for two years (next season will be set in '88). Two weeks, maybe.  edit: u/CaroSJ I'm editing this in since for some reason I can't reply? Anyway you're probably right about the six months but even that's too long a quarantine for Hawkins unless they do the Sunnydale (Buffy)-style 'town fell into a hellmouth so we call it an earthquake and get everyone to evacuate'. Also six months to a year is the normal gap between the events of  Stranger Things seasons anyway.
Personally, I loved his character arc, but like I said, I agree they could have done more with his storyline. I was not bored, just wanted to see more of him!
>I still find it baffling to see people mixing up Mike having self esteem issues, with him not accepting or owning up to who he is. Mike has always been himself, and that is precisely why he has been bullied at school.  I'm just trying to be logical but the goalposts/premise of the argument keeps moving ....  and still there's no season in which Mike could be said to be "pretending"  or pursuing anything with Eleven like what Nancy was with Steve (popularity, a little suburban-girl rebellion, and you could argue for the year they were actually together, the stable/conventional choice........now imagine applying that to Mike and El. The premise falls apart at the get-go simply because Nancy's heart was elsewhere, while Mike's......well, we know)
> You don't walk around with a "Hellfire Club" t-shirt, trying to recruit people to join your D&D game if you are trying to hide your true self.  exactly, in e1 he wasn't trying to hide his true self.  in e2, tho? that outfit is nnothing like anything he's worn before. the entire outfit screams "i'm not mike, i'm a california dude" bc that's what he's trying to convey. then the very next day his appearance *completely* changes again, because the illusion has been shattered and he knows what's really going on in cali.  he thought el is happy in cali, and that he's just "some random nerd" and she's gonna leave him bc of that. so he pretended to be someone cooler when he came to visit, until he found out the truth.
Your entire premise is so flawed it's laughable.   So let me get this straight, according to you Mike in S4 E2 with El is "pretending" the same way Nancy did in season 1 with Steve based on his...clothes? And him being awkward at first in California?   And even if I were to accept that as true and your claim that once he knows the truth about El and the bullying he goes back to dressing and acting like his real self (which he then continues throughout the rest of the season), then that would mean S4 E3 onwards is Mike restored to 'being his real self'.   &#x200B;  >this is probably an effect of his  experience with Nancy, who used to be one of his nerd friends "until she started dating that douchebag steve harrington"  wrong, wrong and wrong again.   Go watch that first episode, please. Mike was clear, Nancy dressed up as an elf for one of the boys' campaigns *three years before the start of the series*. She'd only just started dating Steve by the start of the series, given the very specific mention of them having made out twice as of November 6, 1983.    Nancy's studious, but that's not the same as being a D&D nerd. There's no sign that she (or Barb, RIP) shared her brother's interests in the three years in between and had 'given them up' for Steve considering she doesn't know any of the terms the boys use in D&D.    Also, if D&D is as much of a primary interest to Mike as you seem to believe, to the point where it's practically a personality trait ....... how come Mike himself never brings it up to Will *or* El in California? Not even to Will, in El's absence? There's the painting, yes, but it's Will who brings up the Party and their D&D roles there, not Mike. Could it be that it's actually just a hobby and socialisation interest to Mike now, and not the thing he defines himself by or is emotionally invested in?   &#x200B;  >He doesn't hug Will, doing some weird bro-tap on the shoulder despite having no problems hugging Dustin the previous night  He literally said it, he and Will had hardly been in contact for months. Meanwhile, he sees Dustin practically every day, they haven't been on opposite ends of the country. The awkwardness at the airport isn't pretending, it's real. He's in a new place with people (minus his girlfriend) that he's not spoken to for months, or doesn't know at all. Treating that as a sign that he isn't himself, rather than having a very characteristic reaction to being a fish out of water, makes no sense.
My boy never says "I told you so!" This time, I just hope he stands his ground and gets support from the rest of the party. That was lacking the first time around.
The post was definitely not supporting anything of the sort.
Remind Me! 2 years   Just because it’s what you specifically prefer, it doesn’t mean it’s happening.  This will age as badly as your insistence they would break up in ST4 did. Remember that? Lol. Because I do.   The logic of this post does not support your position. I know OP wouldn’t agree, especially since this post was never about shipping to begin with.
Mike and El are not breaking up. Nancy and Jonathan? Probably.
Feel free to nitpick the points I am making if you wish. I have no issue with a good discussion, provided it's not done with an agenda.  I was referring to two characters who have gone through similar personal experiences without connecting. There are genuine similarities there. The two characters not being able to say "I love you" for completely different reasons (and with completely different outcomes)? No similarities there except for the fact that both situation involve "love." Irrelevant.
>next season will be set in '88  There is no evidence to suggest that is the case at all. If you are referring to the cars, they looked for ones up to 87 for last season as well, and it was set in 1986.  If anything, David probably gave away the time jump in one of his recent panels, and that was only 6 months. I very much doubt they will do a 2 year time jump.
>I'm just trying to be logical but the goalposts/premise of the argument keeps moving  I have learned not to try engaging in certain situations. It's one thing to discuss the show with someone who disagrees with you, it's another to discuss with someone who has an agenda. The purpose is not to make an observation, it's to try and use certain things to "prove" what they *want* to see. There is no discussing with headcannon. It's pointless.   Nonetheless, I enjoyed reading your reply!
>exactly, in e1 he wasn't trying to hide his true self.   >   >in e2, tho? that outfit is nnothing like anything he's worn before. the entire outfit screams "i'm not mike, i'm a california dude" bc that's what he's trying to convey.  I don't follow your logic. You're basing all of this on *his airport outfit choice*?
You destroyed this guys entire argument…
>based on his...clothes? And him being awkward at first in California?  no, i described in detail how mike's behavior is out of character for him, you’re ignoring most of that.  as for nancy, you're being pedantic. the point is that as she grew older she stopped being into nerdy things and instead started trying to be cool, dating steve is just an example of that. keep in mind that in s3 mike is around the same age as nancy was 3 years before the start of the series, which he seems to think is the last time she was interested in dnd.  >Also, if D&D is as much of a primary interest to Mike as you seem to believe, to the point where it's practically a personality trait  and now you're just putting words in my mouth.  I'd say the fact that his girlfriend was publicly humliated, arrested, then being hunted by the government is a pretty good distraction that explains why he never mentions d&d, lol.  frankly, i don't get why you're getting so worked up over this. this show focuses very heavily on how forced conformity makes people hide their true selves from others, especially in s4, it's not exactly a reach to think one of the main protagonists who thinks of himself as "just some random nerd" is also doing this.
[removed]
I'm just tired of all of the characters blaming him and like that's not enough,the audience does the same. So i hope he confronts them if the same thing happens,but this time he actually tells them how they don't understand him or listen to him at all. Ofcourse this is more about him and Nancy. I would have a hard time expressing my feelings also if every time when i actually express myself,i get shut down immediately. There's no problems with Dustin,he respects Mike as a leader,we saw it during Hellfire game when he turned to Mike for the advice. But again Dustin is not doing OK right now cause of Eddie's death and his ego was huge in S4 while working with Hawkins crew, so maybe conflict between Mike and him happens. And even things with Lucas were not resolved after he didn't go to his game. Ofcourse people in this fandom only attack Mike for not going to his game,Dustin as always get's away with everything. Lucas ofcourse doesn't even care about this,his number one priority is Max. All of them are suffering right now so wouldn't be suprising if they decided to gang up on Mike. I love angst, it would great for writers to show how Mike feels isolated and alone cause he's clearly suffering from depression. Also it would be a great way to show double standars cause when Mike was suffering about El's death in S2 ,fandom attacked him for acting like a depressed kid when he would lash out at others. He still clearly suffered from ptsd in S3 so he was so protective over El and people still attacked him. Meanwhile Max does the same after Billy's death,everyone feels bad for her. Now exactly the same thing will happen with Lucas and Dustin in S4,they will lash out at people (Mike especially) and they'll get sympathy from fandom
Erm, they are going through similar things every season. Is literally what the post says. ... Maybe one needs to add the disclaimer but only if you like it, okay.
I will be messaging you in 2 years on [**2025-04-04 13:59:37 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2025-04-04%2013:59:37%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/StrangerThings/comments/12b7k1x/mike_and_nancy_always_have_the_same_personal/jex2x6v/?context=3)  [**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FStrangerThings%2Fcomments%2F12b7k1x%2Fmike_and_nancy_always_have_the_same_personal%2Fjex2x6v%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202025-04-04%2013%3A59%3A37%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%2012b7k1x)  *****  |[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)| |-|-|-|-|
lol it's my fault, the argument was too flawed to let alone and even interpretation required a major reach.   I do think the Wheeler siblings are more alike than they seem on the surface and you pointed out a lot of the ways in which their arcs mirror each other, but in their romantic relationships, I don't really see it except when it comes to timing and specific events like you said, and that's because the dynamics in Nancy (both for her) and Mike's respective relationships are so different.
> the point is that as she grew older she stopped being into nerdy things   ....I'm being "pedantic" by pointing out that there's no evidence Nancy has ever actually been into 'nerdy' things other than studying and the school paper?   If she was ever actually interested in D&D in her younger days and not just indulging Mike with her elf dress-up, her calling the Mind Flayer the "Mind Flamer" and not knowing what it was in season 2 isn't a very strong sign of it lol.  You'd expect someone who was even vestigially interested in the game and had no reason to be hiding  a past interest anymore or pretending to not know it, to at least remember what the monsters were called.   And if the claim is that she gave up her *specific* nerdy interest i.e. studying, to have a popular boyfriend, I'd say her continued studiousness (pushing to keep studying even when Steve sneaked into her room, being the one to help Steve with his essays in season 2) rather contradicts that.   &#x200B;  >In S3 Mike is around the same age as Nancy was 3 years before the start of the series, which he seems to think was the last time she was interested in D&D  You keep harping on this. Please let me remind you, your original claim was that **Nancy gave up "nerdy" interests including, according to you, D&D, to pursue high school popularity and hide her true self via dating Steve**. There is a literal gap of **three years** between the last actual instance of her having anything to do with D&D, and her dating Steve (again, their having made out twice as of the start of the series as well as dialogue between Nancy and Barb, indicates a very recent start to their relationship.   So what's the idea, Nancy  spent three years ....giving up her "nerdy interests" ....so she could date Steve .....three years later? Mike dates her personality change to when she began dating Steve, the 'douchebag' according to him. That's not the same as 'when she last had anything to do with D&D'.   &#x200B;  >forced conformity makes people hide their true selves from others  again, what part of Mike in season 3 came across like he was being 'forced' to pretend he wasn't into playing D&D any more and didn't actually prefer to spend time with Eleven?    and accusing me of getting "worked up" and "putting words in your mouth" when all I did was quote your own words and tease out their obvious implications, isn't doing much to bolster any of your arguments lol.   &#x200B;  >I keep describing how Mike's behaviour is out of character for him, you're ignoring that  I literally pointed out he was awkward at the airport because he had just landed in a new place and he hadn't talked to most of his friends for months but you're very invested in proving that a boy having a 'fish out of water' episode means his entire relationship is a lie and 'forced conformity' but ok. I'm sorry canon doesn't match up to whatever's in your head, but making up inane arguments like these isn't going to make it do that.
>I'm just tired of all of the characters blaming him and like that's not enough, the audience does the same.   You know, I pretty much agree with all your thoughts here (we both know that doesn't always happen with us), but this start right here very much stands out. I do hope they fix it.   I do think Mike might find the group difficult to manage after the events of ST4. We know he is needed, though, so somehow I think he will manage!
The post is discussing how they have similar personal experiences and could probably become closer as a result. I specifically said that I don’t think this indicates that everything that happens to them will be the same (it already isn’t). Their romantic relationships have already been dramatically different.
It is absolutely fitting they would also both deal with a break up, and that could also get them closer. There is no logical argument against that. Why would the parallels end after S4 when they have been in every season so far? They likely wouldn't. And they are both ripe for a break up Imo, so it just fits.
Why would that bring them together when nothing else has?  You have completely missed the point of my post and are just attempting to use it to feed your own interpretations. I already said that wasn’t the objective here. This is my final response here. Please take your narrative elsewhere.
You are being completely ridiculous, because I apparently accidentally stepped on your ship's toes.   >The post is discussing how they have similar personal experiences and could probably become closer as a result.  "Why would anything that happens to them in S5 make them become closer than they currently are? I never said such a thing and so nobody can!"  Grow up.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It's a D&D term. They mention it a lot in seasons 1 and 2 and even lay out everyone's roles.
oh wait BYEE that makes sense
And they even call their group of friends ‘the party’. When Max is trying to become part of the party, she isn’t trying to get them to let her play D&D with them. She just wants to be in their group.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Pretty sure there’s a Star Wars reference in a prior season that Steve doesn’t understand which shows that he must’ve learned about Star Wars from his friendship with Dustin - needs a fact check though.
Steve was probably a fan of the original Star Wars because he would have been in elementary school when that was released. He probably watched Empire too. He might have thought that he was too cool for Return of the Jedi at first, because that was 1983 when he was concerned with being the most popular student at Hawkins High. He does mention the ewoks at the end of season three, but maybe he didn't see that one until he became friends with Dustin.  It may seem like Steve is helping Dustin be cool, but everyone knows it's actually the other way around.
Steve would have been going into fifth grade when Star Wars came out in 1977 and it was a gigantic hit. Everyone saw it, pretty much, especially ten year olds.  But I doubt Steve has the fan personality to study a movie like Star Wars and obsess over the toys and lore and stuff. There's no reason for him to recognize the phrase "A New Hope" which comes at the beginning of the opening crawl. Steve's not exactly a reader, and the '77 Star Wars didn't get a subtitle until years later.
In his interview at the video store, he half mentioned a Star Wars movie (New Hope) when asked by Keith what his favorite movies are, Steve says something along the lines of “the ones with the teddy bears duh”
Return of the Jedi was the top box office film of 1983. And Leia wore the Huttslayer outfit in the first third of the movie. Steve may not have understood all of the lore of Star Wars, but I'm sure he saw it multiple times.
At the end of s3 when him and Robin try to get a job at the video store Steve doesn’t know what A New Hope was so I’d assume Dustin put him on
Steve’s interview at the video store shows that he knows very little about Star Wars, so he probably is only into it because of his friendship with Dustin
*how many children are you friends with?*
I would say nerds, but I would be a hypocrite than
Steve would have been between 9yo and 11yo when Star Wars came out so I'd bet he would have seen it like everybody else.
I'm sorry, but this is just a misunderstanding of the generation.  I didn't grow up in Indiana, but I was very close.  I was within a year of Steve's age in this scene and lived what would have been Steve's life in a white Midwestern town.  Regardless of how cool you wanted to appear in HS and after, we all became huge fans after Empire.  We absolutely acted like Steve around younger kids in regards to Star Wars.  For the record, I saw A New Hope in the summer of 1977 in Telluride CO after driving in from camping in the mountains.  It is the only time I recall ever coming out of the woods in the summer to see a movie in a theater.  Welcome to a time when you actually could disconnect...
This must’ve been posted by someone born in the late 90s or later. It’s impossible for anyone that was a child or teenager in the 80s to not be a Star Wars fan. Like it’s not even a question that was asked, it just was.
Steve was already a fan.  Steve would have been the same age or younger than Dustin when the first Star Wars came out.
I’m the exact same age as Dustin and the rest of the “younger” ones. Star Wars was our life blood.    But realize… I was 6 when Star Wars came out (the first one that others call A New Hope). I remember loving it but not comprehending all of it.   The older generations (like Steve’s) would have been around 10-12 years old, which were MUCH MORE closer to the target demographic when the first one came out. They ate it up. I remember my step brother, who was 6 years older than me, being in middle school and loving the first movie.  That generation grew up, and had pretty much moved on by the time empire and Jedi were released, so the enjoyed them, but didn’t necessarily have toys, bedsheets, and curtains.    But boy WE did!!!
~~Steven works at a video store~~ (is that how blockbuster kinds of store is called? I'm not English native)  &#x200B;  Edit: Maybe he got a job at video store because Dustin got an influence on him? Nah, it was to get laid.
I think Steve was very unaware of most things in pop culture.  That said, Star Wars in the 80s wasn't like today. It was a legit American cultural touchstone that everyone enjoyed.
Who in the 80s wasn’t a Star Wars fan?????
Steve gave me closet Star Wars fan vibes
Already a closet fan
I felt like we were lead to believe that Steve’s knowledge of Star Wars was due to his friendship with Dustin. That makes the most sense to me.
You don’t bleed from a lightsaber wound Steve get your shit together
But… you don’t bleed if a lightsaber stabs or cuts off a body part of you.
I am a big wrestling fan and only seen this post after days upon days of non stop wrestling content.  I genuinely thought this was talking about Dustin Rhodes showing Stone Cold what Star Wars is LOL
Neither because the characters don't have lives outside of the show.
I like to imagine that he was already a fan and that hes a secret nerd
That was a Star Wars reference? I though that was their weird handshake or something 🤣🤣
I think at the end of season 3 when Steve tries getting the job at the movie store. He’s asked about his favorite movies and he says “star wars” but then looks lost when he asked which one. So I would say Dustin is the fan and Steve knows the cool moments/story lines by proxy.
Star Wars was like, the biggest most popular trilogy of films ever at the time. Not seeing them would make you a weirdo. The level of fascination you have with them decided if you were nerdy or not.
I think they both were fans
Already a fan, there just enjoying a mutual interest.
Star Wars changed the landscape of films.   The world was not full of sci-fi summer blockbusters pre-1977. (Disaster movies were big, though.)  Then came Star Wars. And Empire. And while Revenge of the Jedi was an awesome title, that got changed before release. There was also a Star Wars theatrical re-release in 82, I think. (I might be a couple years early).  Outside of Freddie Mercury, not sure who didn’t like Star Wars. Esp kids growing up in the middle of the country.
The way he described Star Wars in S3 made it pretty clear he wasn't exactly megafan but tangentially interested because cool lightsabers and its funny.
I feel like you could also make a pretty good guess just from their characters that Dustin would be the one to introduce Star Wars to Steve. He’s already a mega-nerd, it’d be a shocker if he wasn’t familiar already
Yeah, I can't see how a then-10 year old would have not been into the original when it debuted.
my guess is Steve did see the first Star Wars since he'd have been what, ten? At the time of its release.   I highly doubt he watched the other two of the trilogy though. The not knowing what "A New Hope" was (since it's the subtitle that came around only after Empire Strikes Back) and "teddy bears" points to some kind of home viewing post-his friendship with Dustin, possibly one during which he wasn't paying all that much attention.   Dude is just not cut out to be a superfan of nerd stuff, but it's big enough in pop culture that he knows the bare basics.
Too cool to go to the movies for the big new blockbuster? I don't think that's how cool works.
A New Hope was made up in the 90s when Star Wars was rereleased in anticipation of the second trilogy. The movie was originally just called Star Wars. Keith being aware of that title was a mistake the show made, it hurt me so.
Wouldn't return be the one with the teddy bears
I loved that she cites one of her favorite movies as Hidden Fortress, the old japanese movie that Star Wars was partially based on. So they're kinda the same in taste, just with wildly differing levels of film buff-ness
Good guess I'm a late 90s kid
Yup, video store.
I’m dying that you call him steven but he didn’t work there at this point in the story
It happened when Obi-wan cut off that guys arm in the cantina.
It’s a secret handshake that incorporates a light saber battle.
I mean, the boys make a lot of references to Star Wars in Season 1, i have trouble believing that they didn't watch them together. Of course, Dustin didn't live in Hawkins in 1977 (He mentions at one point in Season 1 that his family moved to Hawkins when he was in i think third grade, which would have been in 1979 or 1980), but you mean to tell me the boys didn't catch him up to Star Wars if he didn't know it already in the intervening years? Not to mention Episode 6 didn't release until 1983, which is when Season 1 is set.
Everyone would be familiar with Star Wars...
Or at the very least not be familiar with it
I was ten when the original came out and was totally into it. My friends and I went to all three of the OG trilogy and were into all the stuff between the movies. Of course, we didn’t have any Steves in our group.
Err, no. 'Episode IV' and 'A New Hope' were added for the 1981 theatrical re-release, to help explain why ESB had been released as 'Episode V' a year earlier.  The 1997 theatrical release was the digitally remastered 'special edition' version.
yes
Oh yeah, my bad.
I did read about no bleeding in a book once.
Talking Dustin showing Steve it
Little bit younger, so I didn't see A New Hope until it was re-released ahead of Empire Strikes Back.   I can say that my entire grade 2/3 class was talking about Empire. I can't say that *everyone* saw it, but I can say unless you were living off grid in a shack in the woods, you would have heard other people talking about it.
I'm sorry I don't believe you they called ESB Episode V in 1980. That was 100% added in the 90s. Lucas might have always planned the three trilogy stuff, but it was not a sure thing until shortly before Episode I actually happened. You're changing the past!
https://content.time.com/time/subscriber/article/0,33009,924123,00.html  >Monday, May 19, 1980  >The very first surprise in The Empire Strikes Back comes in the opening credits: the movie is identified as Episode V. Since it is the immediate sequel to the original Star Wars, that opus has been retitled Star Wars: Episode IV, raising a meteor shower of questions. The answers: Lucas has begun his space saga in the middle, and both pictures are the centerpieces of a projected nine-part series. The remaining movies, fore and aft, have not yet been laid out in detail, but Lucas has the framework, a kind of history of what happened in that galaxy long ago and far away. 
So... I actually thought the same as you but instead of doubling down on my ignorance I took the same amount of time to search Google and discover that I was wrong.
You're trying to Mandela effect me!
Damn why are you getting down voted 🙃 i like this joke
No, you just got it wrong. You remembered it wrong.
Oh my sweet summwe child.
r/StrangerThings is a serious place!
Yeah, that is kinda what the Mandela effect joke is about.
it's not just this subreddit, most redditors hate jokes (and questions), if you make a joke without putting /j or /s at the end most people will downvote you (and if you ask a question you will get downvoted too) 😂  PS That's just my experience with reddit I know that not every redditor is like this
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hate to rain on your parade but there is in fact no J. That's probably the anchor for the scoops ahoy logo.
Middle name "Robin." First name "Anchor."
 Isn't the "J" just an anchor? Or maybe you're reading the font as having an extra letter?
Might want to invest in glasses my friend, that’s an anchor symbol not a J
Her last name is Buckley.
"You wouldn't like me when I'm anchory."
Her last name is Buckley.
Did you just try to gaslight this sub into thinking that there was a J LMAO
I think I had one too many claws last night guys 😭
A lot of people have first names they never use among friends or in business. I am one of them. My youngest son is another.
Well, sometimes you have to get raw.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Gotta make sure it’s cherry too
It was
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It probably kept up his morale/will to live but it's unlikely it had anything to with Vecna.  The reason music works for Vecna is that he uses a psychic connection with his victims. Music weakens that connection giving them a fighting chance against him. It's a band-aid over a much more serious wound really.   Will was physically located inside the upside down. If Vecna had wanted to kill Will himself, he could have walked out of the Creel House and done it.
No. People really misinterpreted the whole song thing..what music did for max was help break the mind illusions vecna was making her experience, it gave her an exit out of her trance. But for Will he was physically in the upside down, no trance involved so music would've simply been a source of comfort for him. Like it's not like vecna would've heard will singing and then decide to back off on him or anything
I thought maybe it was also because he was hiding in the fort which was a place of such happiness for him. Characters also say he was good at hiding.
I think he survived because Vecna WANTED him to survive so he could use Will as a host.
The music was a source of comfort for Will and it kept him distracted from the cold and fear he was feeling, but I think that his hiding skills and ability to escape quickly both kept him alive, and maybe he was being kept alive as well for some sort of plans that Vecna had! So while the memory of Jonathan and their song was a source of inner strength for Will, it didn't directly keep him alive!
Nope. Vecna wasn't even in the Upside Down in Season 1, only the Demogorgon was here.
Agreed. Also I thought the music was more important for Joyce than Will. It was the way she and Will could communicate so she knew he wasn't dead whereas for Max it was a way to break a trance.
I do agree Vecna intentionally wanted him to live where are theory divert is the reason I believe he wanted him as an heir
Nah, he sings it to himself. The implication is he did that a lot. It's Mike who hears that btw, when El finds Will with the walkie talkie. Will does't know he is overheard.
Thx. I don't remember much about that episode since it's been several years.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
i def want Will's pov on lonnie and his family in general.  i also wonder if his reactions towards mike having less time for him since dating el isn't just jealousy, but also abandoment issues. Might be why Will didn't reach out to him more while he was in Lenora. He wasn't going to "chase" someone who was going to leave him. Then again, he did make mike a painting. Maybe Will was just conflicted about whether or not he believed he was losing mike's friendship, and whether or not he should try to hold on or push him away. Apart from unrequited feelings and the sexuality crisis surrounding those feelings, there might be some abandonment issues mixed in there as well.
Younger children are often more resilient with change, such as an abusive parent leaving. It’s usually the older children who have a better understanding of what’s going on that suffer the most trauma. Those same older children often feel a protectiveness towards their younger sibling(s) and will try to shield them from it, exactly how we see Jonathan with Will in season 1. Will has had a great support system surrounding him in his mother and older brother and I really hope that Lonnie didn’t end up effecting him too much.
I think there’s a lot to play on here. A lot of content to make it especially potent. Being gay in the 80’s would’ve been a hell of a lot harder, or rather, far less accepted than it is today. So there is so much they can use - both that and as you say, all the issues with the PoS that is Lonnie. I imagine Hop would be supportive, albeit maybe a bit unsure how to deal with it, which in itself would be another great thing to highlight and how being supportive of Will’s sexuality makes things far better for him.
We don't really know much of anything about how Will feels about his dad. Everything about their relationship we learn from people who are not Will.   Lonnie tells Jon that Will wasn't good at taking care of himself, and Jonathan I can't imagine would dare to repeat that back to anyone ever. The only person who knows that Lonnie wanted to sue Sattler's was Joyce and similarly She's not going to convey that to her either of her sons. We don't even know when it was that Joyce and Lonnie divorced. The Mixtape scene would have had to take place sometime between mid-May 1982- October 1983. Joyce mentions that the last time she heard from him would have been in roughly '82, but their call during that mixtape scene was about Lonnie bailing on visitation, likely suggesting that they had divorced earlier.   Will is also roughly 3-4 years younger than Jon, so when Jon says that Lonnie took him out hunting for his 10th birthday Will would have been about 6/7 If Joyce and Lonnie had divorced around this time it's fully possible that Will might not even remember the vitriol and verbal homophobic abuse that Lonnie spewed. Granted I'm significantly older than Will is in the series but I can't recall things my parents said about me or others when I was that age or even earlier.  There's also a strong possibility that Will doesn't know the extent of Lonnie's abuse because Joyce and Jon both did their best to shield and protect him from it since he was so young and sensitive.  I think ultimately it makes a lot of sense that Will doesn't talk about his dad, or have anything negative to say about him.
minor nitpick but that wasn't a shotgun that he grabbed in ep 1, it was a .22 rifle (but it's still a hunting rifle for things like rabbits that Jonathan told Nancy about in S1)
I don't think Will knew Lonnie very well. He clearly wasn't around much by the time Will was old enough to be aware of him. Popping in to take him to baseball games that he didn't want to go to, but probably weren't the worst things ever. Joyce wouldn't have a shotgun if she didn't know how to use it herself, so who's to say who taught Will.   His real father was Jonathan who clearly was trying to protect him from a lot of Lonnie's abuse. Jonathan wouldn't let Lonnie call Will slurs in front of Will so I doubt Will's truly aware of that.  I think the simple point is that the most traumatised by Lonnie is Jonathan and Joyce.
Will was so young when Lonnie left and they obviously weren’t close. His dad is a piece of shit and Will is an extremely kind person. There’s nothing nice to say about his dad so he doesn’t say anything at all.
>Lonnie tells Jon that Will wasn't good at taking care of himself, and Jonathan I can't imagine would dare to repeat that back to anyone ever.  >The only person who knows that Lonnie wanted to sue Sattler's was Joyce and similarly She's not going to convey that to her either of her sons.   The point is that these actions from Lonnie are an indicator of how neglectful and uncaring he would be to Will when he was around.  In the Mixtape Flashback Will specifically talks about how he occasionally does things with Lonnie and he's about the same age as he was in s1 considering his appearance.  Considering Will specifically remembers the day his dad left him, and he was old enough to build castle byers, he probably remembers enough about lonnie to have spent time with him. and like i said, lonnie is almost certainly the one who taught him to use a gun.  and honestly if the explanation is that joyce and jonathan just hid all of lonnie's shittiness from will, that's a major wasted opportunity. lonnie's awfulness was mostly demonstrated to us in the context of how he treated will, narratively it should have an actual impact on his character.
there's no way in hell joyce would've taught a 12 year old how to use a gun, especially when jonathan was so traumatized by it. when joyce is in danger, she goes for an axe, not a gun, so she probably doesn't know how to use one or isn't comfortable with it.  >He clearly wasn't around much by the time Will was old enough to be aware of him.  Except we are specifically shown that Will is aware of him and how much of an asshole he is. For one, he remembers the day his day left, and it had a serious effect on him, jonathan gives a whole speech on that in s2.  Lonnie popping in to take will to baseball games is specifically shown as something that will has a problem with, because lonnie tries to pressure him into someone liking things other people like, instead of what he actually likes. that is something that absolutely would have an impact on him as a gay kid.  And Jonathan did not have the ability to simply "not let" lonnie call will slurs in front of him. he was a child, lonnie was his father.
But the point of those scenes was how much Joyce and Jonathan loved Will. They would always be more offended by what Lonnie says about him, than they would be by what he says about themselves (which is clearly a lot too). I do think they are meant to have protected Will from Lonnie. Their family dynamic very much indicates this, with Jonathan being possibly bitter at Joyce that he had to step up (whilst Will got the full love from Joyce free from Lonnie).
>there's no way in hell joyce would've taught a 12 year old how to use a gun, especially when jonathan was so traumatized by it. when joyce is in danger, she goes for an axe, not a gun  The way Jonathan was taught was the problem being literally made to kill a bunny. Teaching Will how to shoot a .22 wouldn't be outside the normal without the bunny part. It's probable if not Joyce, Jonathan would for emergencies. He teaches Nancy.   >Except we are specifically shown that Will is aware of him and how much of an asshole he is. For one, he remembers the day his day left, and it had a serious effect on him, jonathan gives a whole speech on that in s2.  The day your father leaves is always upsetting.   >Lonnie popping in to take will to baseball games is specifically shown as something that will has a problem with  Not exactly. He clearly doesn't enjoy baseball. But it's also specifically clear he doesn't find it horrendous. He stands it because he likes the idea of spending some time with Lonnie. But Jonathan encourages him to say fuck that. But I mean how many times do parents take you to things you don't like as kids? Probably a lot. To Will it's not that outside the normal.  The implication there is that Will does have a more positive perspective of Lonnie than Jonathan. He's not seeing it the same way Jonathan is initially.  >And Jonathan did not have the ability to simply "not let" lonnie call will slurs in front of him.   Joyce and Jonathan do have threats they can make for Lonnie to avoid treating Will particularly poorly  and ways to distract Lonnie's attention from Will, and he may have been inclined himself to not specifically call his son a f***t to his face but just behind his back. It's clear they were both trying to protect Will as much as possible from Lonnie. Jonathan probably got the worse of it.
>It's probable if not Joyce, Jonathan would for emergencies. He teaches Nancy.  lmao he taught nancy because they were hunting a monster from an alternate dimension. no situation has ever come up where jon would teach will how to shoot, hawkins is specifically known for being a town where nothing bad ever happens before will is taken.  when we're told that lonnie taught an 8-year-old jonathan how to shoot a gun to make him more of a man, then see will who was seen as queer by lonnie knowing how to shoot a gun, it's pretty clear that lonnie was the one to teach him.  >The day your father leaves is always upsetting.  there's an inherent contradiction in the idea that will wasn't really aware of lonnie yet the memory of him leaving is still a strong and very emotionally impactful memory for him.  i honestly have no clue what "threats" jon and joyce would have against lonnie. they didn't seem to be of any use when he was in town in s1.  >and he may have been inclined himself to not specifically call his son a f***t to his face but just behind his back.   are you serious? this is a man who made his 8-year-old son kill a rabbit on his birthday. he is *not* going to be holding himself back from calling his son slurs in front of him.  it's directly established that lonnie spends time alone with will repeatedly and will doesn't enjoy it, it's kind of ridiculous to claim that he somehow didn't experience any of lonnie's shittiness during all that.
Jonathan would teach Will because they live out in the woods and he's often alone. It's a good reason to keep him safe.   >wasn't really aware of lonnie yet the memory of him leaving is still a strong and very emotionally impactful memory for him.  I think you are confused. I never said Will wasn't aware of Lonnie in the literal sense lol.  I am talking about aware of his bad side. Will was blatantly insulated by Jonathan and Joyce, and he left rather early for Will only coming back every now and again.   Also if you listen to the story itself it indicates he left early. Jonathan says Will couldn't hammer at all. I imagine he was about five or six.   >are you serious? this is a man who made his 8-year-old son kill a rabbit on his birthday. he is not going to be holding himself back from calling his son slurs in front of him.   You have to consider the mindset of someone as narcissistic as Lonnie. Teaching Jonathan to kill a rabbit is teaching him to "toughen up". Saying slurs about his young son to his face just embitters his son. He would likely want to ingratiate himself with Will compared to Jonathan. He's perfectly fine faking charm. The baseball games to me show he's trying to be the fake fun Dad. Look at the way he interacts with people, that guy is full of shit and would totally fake it for his son and then cruelly talk shit behind his back. I always imagined that he would bitch to Joyce that Will was a slur every time his efforts to make him manly failed-she never said he would tell Will he was a slur.    >i honestly have no clue what "threats" jon and joyce would have against lonnie. they didn't seem to be of any use when he was in town in s1.  Joyce wasn't trying to get rid of him in S1. When she did try he left. I don't think Joyce would allow Lonnie to openly says slurs to her son in her presence-she would absolutely argue and argue with him if he dared. And Jonathan would hide Will away rather than let that happen.  Everything about the way we see Will even briefly talk about Lonnie indicates that Will didn't see or understand his bad side. Even Jonathan suspected Will may have ran away to Lonnie, so Jonathan knows that Lonnie is someone Will has a less aggressive relationship (he also thought Will may have been kidnapped by Lonnie, but the just run away itself was actively considered). The simple truth is that Jonathan is Will's father not Lonnie, and Lonnie therefore matters more to Jonathan's story than Will's. It's kind of unsubtle storytelling here-you're barking up the wrong tree entirely, Will doesn't get any mention much with Lonnie because Lonnie was never relevant to Will's story-Joyce and Jonathan are alone.   I mean honestly, do you really think from the way Joyce literally risks her life for Will constantly she'd even let Lonnie into his life a little bit if she thought he was actively bullying him? Not to mention Jonathan who wouldn't hesistate to fight his own father to protect his brother. As long as he made any attempt at pretending to be a father she accepted it.
>Jonathan would teach Will because they live out in the woods and he's often alone. It's a good reason to keep him safe.  so you'd rather write fanfic about how jonathan was secretly concerned about will getting attacked in their famously quiet and safe town, a concern never once mentioned onscreen, than believe that the guy who taught one son how to use a gun taught his other son how to use a gun.  >I never said Will wasn't aware of Lonnie.  "He clearly wasn't around much by the time Will was old enough to be aware of him."  >Will was blatantly insulated by Jonathan and Joyce  entirely speculation.  >Look at the way he interacts with people  The way he interacts with people is that he's nice to others but at home he's an asshole to his family. Will is his family.  >teaching Jonathan to kill a rabbit is teaching him to "toughen up". Saying slurs about his young son to his face just embitters his son.  people absolutely call people demeaning terms to their face in order to make them toughen up, neal does exactly that with billy when he shows distaste for baseball.  >Joyce wasn't trying to get rid of him in S1.  Jon was.  >I don't think Joyce would allow Lonnie to openly says slurs to her son in her presence. And Jonathan would hide Will away rather let that happen.  except for all those times will spent time alone with lonnie.  >Everything about the way we see Will even briefly talk about Lonnie indicates that Will didn't see or understand his bad side.  the one scene we see will talk about him is specifically in the context of joyce and jonathan demonstrating to his face how lonnie is a shitty father.
>so you'd rather write fanfic about how jonathan was secretly concerned about will getting attacked in th  Do you know what's not mentioned on screen? Will ever being taught by Lonnie to shoot a gun lol. There's no suggestion as such, that's your "fanfic". I think it's a perfectly fine explanation but there's also other people available to teach Will and considering where they live it wouldn't be at all surprising that Jonathan gave him a quick tutorial. You can't know why is exactly the point since Lonnie is not the only available teacher.   >people absolutely call people demeaning terms to their face in order to make them toughen up, neal does exactly that with billy when he shows distaste for baseball.  Lonnie is a fake charming bully character rather than just a straight bully. Lonnie himself is not exactly a tough looking guy. He's the type to drink, swindle and cheat. Popping in pretending to be the fun Dad, whilst at the same time seeing your own son as less than-well people just do, do that too.   >entirely speculation.  We literally here over and over again how Jonathan tried to protect Will from him. Playing music and keeping him safe in his room as their parents argue. Going to build Will's drawing when he left. This is clearly the playbook for Jonathan-play music when their parents argue, take him do something fun when Lonnie is being Lonnie again etc. etc.   And Joyce we see over and over again how similarly she tries to protect Will. It's the whole theme of S1.   >"He clearly wasn't around much by the time Will was old enough to be aware of him."  He left when he was young, and clearly popped in and out of his life. Will doesn't have the same awareness of Joyce and Jonathan that Lonnie is cruel.   >The way he interacts with people is that he's nice to others but at home he's an asshole to his family. Will is his family.  Even to his family he puts on the fake charm. Look at how he pretend acted with Joyce for a time, and even Jonathan when he first came around for Will he tried a little bit of it on.   >the one scene we see will talk about him is specifically in the context of joyce and jonathan demonstrating to his face how lonnie is a shitty father.  It's in the context of literally showing how Jonathan loves and protects Will from Lonnie. So much so little Will is singing that song in the Upside Down because he associates it with the safety his brother gives him. People really don't give Jonathan enough credit for how much he fought to give his brother a safe space with him.   Pretty much every mention of Lonnie is about how it effected Jonathan. Even in S4 Jonathan is terrified of being his parents/his father. It's just not about Will here.  Have you seen Onward? I think the point there is a very similar point here (just with an added abusive context haha). Will doesn't need Lonnie because he had Jonathan. And if he addresses the influence of his father figure in his life it will be talking about how Jonathan filled that role for him-that the brief time Lonnie was in his life is far outweighed by the constant love and support Jonathan has offered (it's Jonathan young Will turned to when he got a lego stuck up his nose lol-not even Joyce). Whilst poor Jonathan on the other hand had Lonnie as his only father figure.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Speechless.
Holy Crap, this is amazing!! It is not only a wonderful drawing, but choosing to do it on the Master of Puppets sheet music is such a unique and stellar idea. I love it!!
Amazing! Do you have a red bubble or Etsy shop or anything where you have prints available??
Nice work but I hate him, pls down vote me
Incredible
Rip King, you will be back soon
Good bc ur typing
Happy cake day
lol
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Except that they do mention her. It's just that Hawkins Lab people are more prepared for a cover up.  Barb's car is missing and later discovered at a bus depot/train station. That leads the cops to assume that she just ran away from home. Nancy doesn't believe it, and Karen brings in Barb's parents to talk it over, but the lab creates a plausible story and people accept it.
Barb is a teenager so it was far more believed she ran away out of teenage pique. And the lab leaving her car at a bus stop indicated such a picture.
Even with Will at first it's "whatever he must be running around with some girl somewhere". Barb is older, keeps to herself except Nancy and just had a friend breakup with her. In the extra material (books, story podcast, and actor interviews) she also wanted to get away from Hawkins ever since she was a kid, and she was queer - it's not a stretch to assume there were rumors along those lines even about strictly on-screen canon Barb since she's not interested in dating and isn't very social.
Also this is way easier to do than it would be with Will.  Will is 12 and obviously doesn't have a license, so he couldn't really have gone far by himself. Then they found his bike, which was found in a manner that suggested Will hadn't left it behind willingly.  A kid who was presumingly kidnapped takes priority over a teen who presumingly left willingly and has some sort of plan on how to survive on her own for a while.  I believe more people would have been concerned, if Will hadn't been taken. But the terror of someone going around snatching kids overshadowed a 16 year old who had just decided to leave. A "run- away" isn't an immediate threat to their safety.
This why the writing in seasons one and two seems tighter and more coherent, because it was.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The Soviets also provide the justification for Brenner's experiments to exist in the first place.
AGREED! Also Hop / Joyce had to be out of Hawkins in s4 because obviously they wanted to keep the reveal that hop/joyce knew of Henry Creel until s5
I didn’t mind that the Russians were in Hawkins, but I found the fact that they were underneath the mall was really weird. And the secret code was just a bunch of references to stores in the mall? One thing that really bothered me though was the fact that Steve heard the mechanical horse toy song over the radio that was supposed to be broadcasting from miles below them, down a loooong hallway. Why would it have been audible in the broadcast??
1 . Growing up in the 80s the whole Cold War was nothing but a blur as a kid. I remember doing nuclear fallout drills in school where we practiced hiding under our desks (like that'd do anything) and maybe watching the news and hearing Peter Jennings talk about "The Cold War". Other than that nobody really cared and it was easy to ignore if you didn't watch the news. So seeing *Stranger Things* dedicate such a significant amount of story to Russia in season 3 and 4 was just too much for me. I didn't find any of it entertaining.  It was cringe and if I want to watch a covert Russian operation I'll rewatch *The Americans*.  Would have just been nice to see more of the kids' home/school lives. When Lucas brought up that he was tired of being bullied in season 4 I had to think back to season 1. What about birthdays? I think we only know birthdays for a few of the kids and at their ages I remember being obsessed with mine. We never really see that on the show. What about other challenges the kids had other than the upside-down related shenanigans? Where did Joyce get the money to move to California lol?  What about Mr. Clark or new teachers?  Lots of missed opportunities. Not everything has to be upside-down related.  3. May get downvoted for this but I like Murray in small doses.  Most of his screen time feels like fan service.  Seeing Joyce not parenting or being there for her kids in season 4 just didn't make any sense and a waste of Winona Ryder.  Would have been nice to see El talk to Joyce about the bullying and them coming up with a plan to end it.  Maybe bring home the idea that El is more than her powers and she can resolve issues without them or resorting to violence (even though I empathize).  4. This presumes a lot honestly. The Duffers sent Joyce and fam to California for "reasons" and could have easily just kept them in Hawkins.  I feel that they split up the group because they realized they have too many characters even though they keep adding more (Argyle, Vicky).  Frankly even though I adore Hopper he should've died at the end of season 3 leaving Jane to be adopted by Joyce. Either way, the Duffers write the show and should be competent enough to write believable scenarios but their writing leaves a lot to be desired.
My problem was with how cartoony they were. I couldn’t take them seriously as threats at all in s3 due to the writing
> the series would have been over sooner.  I value quality over quantity. I would have been happier with one less season and better writing.
I also like it as it help expand the world making feel less small as the is no way at the height of cold war The USSR wouldn't have someone on inside of USA informing about all Upside Down shenanigans. Honestly the USA are lucky as of now other government haven't got involved (*cough* would make good spin off *cough* )
1. True. But the Soviets already worked as a plot point well in S1 and S2. They always were there, but didn't throw a monkey wrench into the narrative.  2. Can't really disagree here.  3. Whilst true, Murray's development is nowhere near as important for the story to allow such a big section of the show to focus on the USSR.  4. Quality over quantity. If we are using this as an argument, it would just point The Duffers as lazy writers. If the only way to extend your story is to introduce a plot point that swallows a huge part of the season only to contribute very little, either don't do it or find different ways to do it
It's necessary, MKUltra was originally started due to paranoia over Russia having a similar program of their own (in real life )
>If not for Hopper's pseudo-death at the end of S3, Eleven would have been in Hawkins for S4, and the series would have been over sooner.  I believe I'm in the minority that liked Hopper a lot but prefer he stayed dead after season 3. It would have been a bittersweet ending to his storyline, having saved the town he served in without ever getting to go on a date with Joyce. El would have to learn once again how to grow up without her parent. The scene with El reading Hopper's letter would actually mean something. Plus, we wouldn't have to keep going on with the Russia stuff when it had been properly handled in season 3 already (minus the fact that the Russians were somehow able to escape the underground base completely unseen).  To me, season 4's Russia storyline was more convoluted and unrealistic than season 3's. How did Hopper get captured by the Russians and not have been seen when helicopters and military were entering the mall? If gates weren't able to be opened in Russia, then how did they get Demogorgons and that piece of the Mind Flayer into the Russian prison? How the hell did they even capture the Mind Flayer, by putting it in a jar or something? How was Hopper's broken ankle able to heal within 4 or so episodes? Don't get me wrong, Hopper is easily one of my favorite characters, but it's because he's my favorite that this bothers me so much. He was a bickering drunk in season 3, which, if he wasn't, his death scene would mean more to me. But now that he's alive, it means absolutely nothing now.
It wasn’t. The us government has always been scarier. Even in season 4 the us military was scarier, they literally shot up the Byers house not caring who was in there. Soviets are written like a joke in this show, it was better that they remained an unknown because that entire hopper storyline didn’t live up to the hype.
in other news the sky is blue
Well, indirectly. MKULTRA was developed for espionage use, probably to counter whatever creepy stuff they knew the Soviets were doing.
Wait wait is this a theory? Tell me more!!
I could not agree with you more on this.
Both the Americans and Soviets were inspired in their paranormal research by the Nazis. As Allies in WW2 (and as members of the compact that took control of Germany post-war), they had access to what the Third Reich had already done.
Well said.    I also agree that Hopper should've died at the end of season 3.  When season 4 got to the moment where Hopper was going to get away and made it safely to that church (?), I mistakenly thought that would be the end of the Russia plot.  Stupid me.  I couldn't believe they dragged that out all the way to the end of the season.
>How was Hopper's broken ankle able to heal within 4 or so episodes?  When are you guys complaining about this gonna just accept the obvious answer that clearly his ankle was never actually broken and maybe just maybe you interpreted that scene incorrectly.   >To me, season 4's Russia storyline was more convoluted and unrealistic than season 3's.  What do you mean? You don't think a random single mom and a conspiracy theorist with basic karate skills can't successfully jailbreak someone from a heavily armed Russian gulag? Most realistic part of the show imo. Nah I'm kidding stupidest shit I've ever seen.  >How did Hopper get captured by the Russians and not have been seen when helicopters and military were entering the mall? If gates weren't able to be opened in Russia, then how did they get Demogorgons and that piece of the Mind Flayer into the Russian prison? How the hell did they even capture the Mind Flayer, by putting it in a jar or something?  I'm very frustrated by the lack of answers on these as well. None of it adds up
yes, exactly, and the Nazis to some extent which makes me wonder if they will make some sort of appearance/mention in the upcoming season.
Well it'll be explored in the play, and likely in the series itself. But basically in the play description it says "Joyce Maldonado just wants to graduate and get the hell out of town. When new student Henry Creel arrives" - this heavily implies that the 2 knew each other (imo) & if Joyce had been in Hawkins in s4 and heard the word 'Creel' things would've went differently, so it was necessary for her to be out of Hawkins
My grandfather was in WW2 and my Uncle told me all sorts of stuff. My paternal great grandmother and maternal great aunt (my ww2 grandmothers sister) were sadly experimented on here for subproject 68 (very different from Stargate project, sadly, and horrific)   The Nazi scientists were who the Americans/Canadians brought over to work with some of these subprojects (again, I am not smearing all the subprojects with the same paintbrush, I have met some of the guys who worked on the Stargate stuff and they are wonderful humans and NOT Neo Nazis, lol)
You know, "Martin Brenner" is quite the German name...
I don't know anything about the play, but does the plot imply that Joyce and Henry went to HS together? Henry was taken to the lab at age 12, so I assumed he didn't even go to school or live a free life after he was taken.
Three of my grandparents served in WW2. My paternal grandfather was part of the British/Canadian envoy that liberated Bergen-Belsen.
No it doesn't, when Joyce is wanting to graduate the Creel Family had only just moved to Hawkins. Henry definitely didn't get to leave the lab / live a free life since age 12, he was legally dead too
this is probably why you, like me, enjoy looking at the more ''serious'' aspects of the show, all depends on what type of environment you grew up in, I am sure the talks about the show are different in Legion bars than at Millenial water coolers, haha.
Okay, it's just weird that they'd say "new student Henry Creel" implying that he'd be in school with her.
Well, I'm also a thrice-degreed social sciences nerd.
Yes I completely understand & agree! But they def were not in the same year, likely in the same school tho - with Joyce years above him :)
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Murray and Alexei is the only one that made me laugh seeing the picture so I'm going with that one lol
Does anyone actually ship Ted and Karen?
Link to vote:   https://strawpoll.com/polls/Q0ZpRd2m9nM  I've decided to stick with the old model as some commenters made a great point that if multiple ships had 0 votes for favourite then it would mess with the system. So, still vote for your LEAST favourite. Enjoy the game guys!
Ted and Karen, lol.. He has more chemistry with his chicken anyway.
Oh no. I wasn't expecting this to win.   Welp. Let's get ready for some riots. *cracks knuckles*
Lol goodbye ted & karen
Let the chaos begin 😈
Argyle and Eden was so great lol
Ted and Karen have to go first. He just sucked the life out of her. Indifferent husband and shitty parent to Mike (yet oddly was “good” with Nancy and Holly). Dude has some seriously stunted emotional growth. And zero personality.  Edited to add that even Karen tearfully admitted how much he had crushed her soul.
It has begun.
No Steddie?  And, as horrible as I find it, no Billy/Karen? Because it was kinda canon...
Get rid of mikes parents. It’s not bad but it’s bland. It’s boring. Make it interesting by getting the normal ones out first
I wasn't aware people shipped Alexei and Murray 😂
Part of me kinda wished you had Nancy and a shotgun as one of the ships.  Because lord knows she's better off with a gun than either Steve or Jonathan.
Poor little Erica gets no love. Lol. “No ship for you!”
Wait. Where's Steddie?
Where’s Eddie and guitar?
Don't get me wrong, I'm generally fine with most of the ships on this list.  But including Rovickie, Ronance, Hellcheer, Argyle/Eden, and Murray/Alexei but not including Steddie or Harringrove or Stonathan is just silly decision-making.
Romantic or not, I fucking love the relationship between Johnathan and Argyle. Everyone needs a ride or die smoke buddy.
Skip the whole damn thing, Jopper wins.
I think the worst one might be Will and Jonathan’s parents
Ronance/Elmax supremacy
arygle and eden was so dumb and random i can only hope it was there to make fun of the concept of love at first sight
You're doing ~~the Lord's~~ Vecna's work, bless you
Eden is the hottest and I don’t care about any of this romance so let them win
LETS GOOO
No Steve/Eddie? Its the ship with the most fanfiction on Ao3
Relationship goals - Joyce and Hopper  Relationship reality - Karen and Ted
So unbelievablely happy to see elmax get featured !!
JARGYLE BETTER GO FAR
Well this is gonna be a fun one for Bylers I can already see it :’)
Stancy because it just ruins both of their character arcs and the forced love triangle being brought back from the dead was the worst part of s4.
Well i know it definitely won't win but my winner will always be Ronance.   My gay heart would explode if they were a real thing, just their height difference alone is 😍  Lumax is my "realistic" win i guess, they are adorable 🥰
I’m gonna get heat for this but Mike and Eleven can go.  Keep Eleven and MAX, and anything involving Robin or Hopper.
Uh weird choices. No Steve/Billy? The most shipped/stories written about on AO3? Also no Steve/Eddie?
Ronance must win!
Bro who tf shipped Jonathan and will
No steddie!! *Cries*
I'm the only one who is tired of ship discourse?? This fandom is insufferable omg
It's hilarious that a canon couple has less chemistry than...pretty much every single fanon one.
Billy and Ms Wheeler.  Change my mind
Already prepped and ready to vote Eddie/Chrissy to combat Eddie stans. Literally 1 scene, albeit a good scene, is about to carry this ship to top 5 oh boy…
I swear y’all ship anybody together
1. If Poo/Bun don’t stay together forever then why do I even watch this show  2. I really want Robin and “Molly Ringwald” to be a Thing
Bye bye Argyle and Eden, the ship I always forget. At least I remember Ted and Karen.
Karen and ted need to go first, the only one on there that actually creeps me out
Hellcheer is my favorite. The chemistry they had was a pleasant surprise, and I think the two of them not having more scenes together is one of the biggest missed opportunities on the show.  Anyway, as far as relationships that actually happened on the show, either Max/Lucas or Hopper/Joyce should win. If Hellcheer made it to the final four that would be cool though.
I will RIOT if max and Lucas don’t win
My unpopular opinion is that Ted and Karen were a decent enough couple (and that Ted is the better spouse in that relationship) so I hope they stay a couple rounds.
I'm pretty sure even Mike and Will are are a better ship than Ted and Karen... Worst relationship in the show lmao.
LMAO NOT JONATHAN AND ARGYLE 😭😭
Stancy first out
Dustin and suzi
Stancy, lax and hoyce are the best ships
Thank fuck Steddie isn’t hear, it’s the most goofy ship
Elmax better not go out first
Steve x Nancy and Will x Mike are so far the only ships I am not a huge fan of and will be glad to get eliminated.   I wouldn't mind if they added another gay love interest for Will. Mike is just not it.  Same with Steve, he can have any girl, but not Nancy smh
Please, Eddie and Chrissy for the win
if you guys  dont like ronance we cant be friends....
Byler for life. Not sorry.
If Lumax doesn't win... 😤😤
Pitchforks. When I heard this was the category, I instantly thought: I really hope Steve and Dustin win.   Not even an option???
Farewell Mike and will 😂
Where is Billy and Mrs Wheeler
I only ship Harringrove😅
For gods sake… can we not ship for ONCE?
Max and 11, Murray and Alexei, Robin and Nancy what is wrong with those people 🗿
 Mike and Will 🤢
Who tf is the girl in the bottom left? At least I’m aware that karen has a husband. I’ve never seen that girl before in my life though
It's gonna have to be the drug dealer and high schooler for me
I’m voting Mike and Will since Will deserves someone better.
Mike and Will
I Voted Will And Mike.
This whole thing is moot without Steve and Dustin as a contender!! Also, what about Dustin and Eddie? And Steve and Robin? Even Dustin and Erica?   Take out Ted & Karen, Argyle & Eden, Robin & Vickie
Oh man I ship Jonathon + Argyle so much. Argyle is such a good ride or die. This montage needs Dusty and Eddie tho. That scene on the field where Eddie tells him "never change, Dustin" 🥹🥹🥹
For me its def eddie an chrissy or at least what coulda been  Murray and alexie, also same sentiment. ~Le sigh
max and elevon
is Robin was straight Steve and Robin. I couldn't feel happier knowing they got together
Why do you have Nancy and Robin and no Robin and Steve?
I am so happy for the lack of Steve/Eddie and Steve/Billy. Thank you, OP! ❤️
Erica and Dustin are my favorite.
So Steve and Robin boat never sailed?
Lol @ Sharon and Ted
How is Dustin and Steve not on here, I would argue they might be my favorite non romantic ship in the series  Edit: misspelled word
Surprised by the pairs, ngl. But out of the choices... Hellcheer and Jopper are who I'm rooting for.
every non canon ship can go.
Karen and Ted are awful, Jonathan and Nancy are a close second.
My favorite is not even on the list :( Steve & Dustin
Not having Robin and Steve is a choice.
Most of them are LITERAL CHILDREN
The war has begun. Take cover!
Trying to figure out if I vote for my most disliked ship or the ones I don't care about first.
FUCK
Alexei and Murray?? That was a ship?
Okay this is already hard wtf
What scene won the last round?
The Wheeler parents... like- they didn't actually care
ted and karen go immediately.
Eliminate Argayle
come on man! Hopper and Joyce all day everyday, honestly the adults are the only reason I watch, though I wont deny the kids/teens episodes fill me with crazy nostalgia!
Came to say this one is the best one
Murray and Alexei is the superior ship
Holly, maybe?
I think they're marriage certificate
Thanks for setting so I have the ability to change my vote after I learned how to read the rules.
Where is Yuri and Katinka ship?
Are these all romantic ships or ships as in "they pair up well"?
So just to be clear this counts non-canon ships right? So this is just gonna end up being a headcanon popularity contest
Argyle and Eden had more chemistry in 2 minutes.
Ted x Bucket Of KFC
Shoulda been Ted and that damn chicken he was eating in S1
I think that's kinda the point. They're a typical boomer couple who don't really love each other all that much.
To be fair, he is possessive about Karen's pancakes too, if you know what I mean 🫥🫥
I really hope the next one is songs
Screaming in Demogorgon
Facts.
Billy and Ms Wheeler hell yeah
We all know that ship would've been voted out first, Elmax and Mexi at least stands a chance.
Billy with Karen is just vile😂
Agreed.
For real they hardly even ship themselves lol Karen out here inches away from cheating with teenagers and shit
I think it's because it looked like they went on a carnival date
It is one of my sister's favourite ship in the fandom
They are actually supercute in canon! Do not think many people spend time actively shipping them.
People ship anyone
I mean… Nancy has two hands. Shotgun and Robin
I felt bad not including her but since there's nobody her age it would be worse trying to pair her with someone haha.
That's for the best for now. I pity the person who ever breaks her heart 😂
She's 11 years-old in-universe, so I don't feel bad for her.
I want her and Dustin to be endgame. They can keep up with each other intellectually and whether she admits it or not she's full-on nerd like he is.
I am rooting for her romance witb Enzo's son.
Yeah! I don't ship them, but they're literally the pair with the most fanfics in AO3. That means A LOT.
And Billy and Steve too! Harringrove was pretty strong in s2/s3, I see OP managed to stay away from both Tumblr and AO3 with the lack of Steve pairings lol
Yeah...like I was prepared for them to be voted out early but to not even be part of the poll?   And I dont generally give a single thought to over half the ships on this list so idk probs not gonna participate on this one. At least not till it's severely culled at least.
Cmon, we both know it would be voted out first.
Jonathan needed a friend as Will so helpfully pointed out.
Lumax.
I misread that as way weirder. :P
It was ,that was the point
I mean, wannabe rebel Mormon girl gets a real live smoking stoner hand-delivered to her doorstep?   I can see why she seized the opportunity to get herself some Purple Palm Tree Delight lol.
same, they're the ship that ultimately drives the whole finale of season 4 even if they aren't romantic.   besties who try to attack Vecna together, stay together <3
The Bylers are fighting tooth and nail 🤣
Ronance a W ship fr
hell no lol. eleven and max aren't a couple or close to it and the couple with the most sincere bond of any of them should not go.  Spite voting is definitely the only way Mike and El got voted out. People who want non canon ships are all voting out canon ones.
Steve/Jonathan, Steve/Eddie and Steve/Billy should all be on here. I'm glad at least Jargyle made it in.
Legit - Steve/Billy is the only ST pairing I actively ship rip
Pretty sure that's Mike and Will. His hair is a LOT longer now though.
Nah, fr. I voted for villains but they chose the drama, so I'm just gonna watch it..
Same here. Going to be an annoying 16 days of this.
Yeah I sorta miss fandoms pre-internet or pre-tumblr lol
A lot of Eddie stans hate Chrissy, so you won't be doing much
Considering Eddie stans are some of the loudest people in this fandom, I don't know how you missed that the vast majority of them ship Eddie with Steve and don't like Chrissy.  It's much more likely that Eddie stands would vote Eddie/Chrissy to get Hellcheer out of the poll faster.
This is probably going to get me downvoted but as someone that is also part of the ASOIAF (Game of Thrones) community you guys should be happy that these ships are   A) Age appropriate no matter the context  B) Not toxic from any angle. Another character hasn’t threatened the other AT ALL.   C) Like Jamie and Cersei *shudders*
Welcome to every fandom ever. Ironically it only on this subreddit where people seem to think that odd.
They left at least one of the most popular ships out, and at least one canon-ish out as well.
Let people enjoy things lol
Yep. :)
I don't really read fanfiction, so is hellcheer Eddie and Chrissy?
Hellcheer is top tier/elite/supreme
nah mike and eleven deserve to win way more than max and lucas. Max and Lucas were barely even a thing. They were on and off again over 8 break up times and dont have nearly the same bond as mike and el
But then wouldn't you feel bad how she treats him? In S4 it got extreme, she rolls her eyes at every breath he takes. It's disdain.
Would you look at that, all of the words in your comment are in alphabetical order.  I have checked 1,436,586,140 comments, and only 273,922 of them were in alphabetical order.
Nah, there are way worse written ships.. like Karen and Ted.. Y'all are just too obsessed with this ship war thing.
In the bin because Billy deserved better haha
Eden, Suzie's sister
This is about romantic relationships!
Wait what?…
Because nobody ships Robin and Steve. Robin has no interest in men romantically.
Valid question, both ships are impossible as Nancy would never be interested in Robin but Robin would never be interested in Steve. Neither should have been on here.
This is about romantic ships
Do you mean romantically?? Cuz that's a very age inappropriate ship.
Well Robin’s gay.
And what? Teens aren’t allowed to have relationships? No one is saying that they’ll marry next season and give birth to babies.
Of course?????
This is the first round.
It's hilarious that a canon couple has less chemistry than...pretty much every single fanon one.
Their friendship was brief, but burned all the brighter.
Aw, that’s kind of sad
Aw my heart
Nah, I'm pretty sure they're just people. Marriege certificates look kinda different.
Romantic. Otherwise steve and Nancy would be up there. And Steve and Dustin.
I read it as friendships or relationships.
platonic as well I mean the last row seems more friendships than romance to me
There are non cannon ships among them.
Better than Ted and Karen.
what??? people love steddie 😭
Who are Mexi?
Nancy will find a way to dual-wield two shotguns. Not overly practical, but cool as hell to see.
and robin also has two hands, shotgun, nancy, robin and vickie
Erica and ice cream is the only answer.
Oh no. I fully understand why. I’m just saying it’s funny she’s singled out out of the main cast for having no ships.
Wish we could've add Jason and Chrissy.
I know. I was jk
cause they added a bunch of place holders fics
It's the number one pairing on archive of our own for Stranger Things. And not even by a small amount. By like almost twice its next closest pairing.
Yeah but neither is Alexi and Murray yet here we are.
Yeah I am keeping myself sane and just see how long it takes for people to vote Byler out, shouldn’t be that long in this sub 😛
I feel like they’ve outgrown each other and are no longer good for each other. But I’ll happily take Joyce and Hopper for the win. 🥰
ok and what’s wrong with that? it’s not a canon ship poll, if people prefer non canon ships i don’t see a problem
'Villians' would also create drama lol. Just... Non-stop Billy and Jason discourse. All day long. Forever.  Speaking of, why's that ship not on here? ^this ^is ^joke
Villains came second in the first poll, we should’ve just done it from first to second. Putting ships in the first place wasn’t a wise idea.
Now I'm imagining people shipping Mike and Nancy.. yeah it can definitely be worse than the ships we have currently going.
What’s the other most popular one? Hoper & the other cops? Or that teacher & … Sean Astin?
That's correct. I like that kind of name more than combining the two character's names.
Yeah, she should just appreciate that he tries to be a good father and husband and that he works to provide for them, even if he's bland.
Johnathan and Argyle aren’t romantic. Neither are Robin and Nancy, El and Max, Murray and Alexei, Will and Mike, or Eddie and Chrissy
Nor does sam have for El & vice versa
Then if you are adding fannon then where is the Steve and Eddie or Steve and Jonathan? It seems strange to have all cannon couples and four fannon pairing but not others.
The side effect of a lack of queer representation in media means that when a character is written to be gay or LGBT, it’s extremely apparent and mentioned in some way in most cases. Robin and Will have been called out either in canon or out of canon to be a specific sexuality.  When a character is written to be “straight.” The only implication is that they are into the opposite gender. The problem is that there is no indication they aren’t into the same gender as well. Bisexual people exist lol… and there is no apparent indication that Nancy isn’t, or couldn’t be bi… just that she’s definitely into men.
They have a good friendship. Why is Mike/Argyle, Mike/Will, Nancy/Robin, and others on here?
Shipping straight characters in queer relationships is every bit as creepy and problematic but that doesn’t seem to stop people doing it.
[removed]
I meant before this one . There was another poll nearing completion
Then the notary ships them
Uh How is Nancy and Robin romantic? Or Alexi and Murray? Or Jon and Argyle?
No. This poll is specifically about ships. Then there will be another poll about friendships.
That's how I'm reading it, too. Murray & Alexei and Max & 11 were entertaining friendships to watch.
I meant Billy/Karen. The AO3 people would keep Steddie running.
Murray and Alexi. It was the best I could come up with on the spot.
I am also okay with this.
Every flf polycule should have a shotgun
Erica and America. You can’t spell America without Erica
Bless her :( I hope she has a lovely partner in the epilogue of season 5 or something!
When she is in the vents with Dustin you can see she starts to have thoughts about him at least. Then he sees him in a vulnerable spot singing with his girl. I think they are setting up those two for final season. Not happy about it but that’s where they are going with it i think
I was originally going to but realised they have zero scenes together so I couldn't even add a picture haha.
Right!! I read Ronance fanfiction on ao3 and let me tell you 99% of them are fics where Steddie are prominent in them, personally i like Steddie too but the sheer amount of them on ao3 is insane!
Let's just say the voting statistics so far are surprising for this sub...
They're 14. They're still growing together
LMAO The good sporty Christian douchebag and the Bad Bay fighting for dominance and love! I'm sold.
Oh there are people shipping Mike and Nancy, just very much on the fringes
The popular ship left out (literally the most popular on AO3): Steve and Eddie (a.k.a. Steddie).  And the canon-ish one is Billy and Karen.
okay, thanks!
>we're confusing fanfiction and canon  And yet Robin and Nancy are there, so are Murray and Alexei.   Byler is by far more canon than any of those, as we at least know that Will loves Mike lol You all are obsessed with hating Byler so much it's almost laughable
So Argyle and Eden for example is better written than Byler in canon. I don't ship Byler but acting like it's the worst ship is very weird..
People ship all these pairings romantically. They would want them to kiss, date... This is what this game is about.  And to say Will and Mike is not  a romantic ship is ridiculous. Will is in love, which is highlighted over the whole last season and obviously some people are going to root for him, and won't just start rooting after he gets his man. I also think that Murray developed a crush on Alexi for real in canon in all seriousness.
There are multiple fanon pairings. I went with the ones that were requested the most and the ones that are most popular otherwise. I would've added more but I'm aware some people are sitting this game out so I'm trying to speed the process up.
But isn't that the same thing as thinking Will could be bisexual, because he never specifically said he wasn't? Either way I think we should just stick to shipping people with people they could genuinely get with in the show.
Because people ship them.
This is for romantic ships, not platonic ones. People ship gay characters too.
It’s really not. It’s people seeking representation where they have little. And for people to take queer characters and put them in straight ships is like going “fuck you, you don’t need to exist in media, no one cares about you”.
Ah, of course you wrote scene..., Max "Running uo that hill" won before Christmas lights.
They are ships. Just because they’re not cannon doesn’t mean they’re not ships
Have you ever been in a fandom before?
OHHHH. my bad. billy and karen would def have been 1st or 2nd out.
I came up with "Alurray" lmao
Oh,  lol, kinda cute. I'd say Murexi though.
So is the ship name just America then
I don’t know. She’s still young in universe. In season 5, she’ll supposedly be the same age the kids were in season 1.
You realize they’re eleven and fifteen, right?
Hope not, what would be the point of that? He has a perfect gf, we don't need to know anything about his future love life.
Maybe if the i love you babe scene could count it would make 1 scene in total. Ngl i thought it was cute af.
Man that was such an issue… when I was writing Ronance I almost felt like it was necessary for me to insert them into for the audience lol.
[removed]
Haha interesting!   I do miss Demogorgen and Eleven on the list not gonna lie 😩😂
OP you heard 'em, add it!
Honestly I can't even say I'm surprised at this point. Just disgusted.
Fair enough. I might have misunderstood the qualifications used to make the list.  I understand a lot of people ship Will and Mike and yes, it’s become obvious that Will is in love with Mike. I wasn’t disputing them being on the list at all. I just meant that on the show at least, they are not currently in a romantic relationship.
If… his actor hadn’t confirmed that he was gay outside of the show- I called that out in my original comment.  Yes my point is that unless otherwise confirmed a character could be bisexual. But LGBT characters tend to be confirmed where “heterosexual” characters aren’t because it’s assumed that’s my point!
The show has shown that Will specifically isn't into girls though. The way that he didn't want to dance with the girl at the Snowball, the way he rejected the pretty girl in his class in 4x01. We've seen a clear lack of interest in girls, and a clear interest in guys for Will. And plus the actor stated that it's clear he's gay.  Shipping characters that may not ever get together has been part of shipping forever. There has always been fanon queer shipping bc queer fans lack a lot of representation in media and want to root for something they can see themselves. Plus, writers have not always been able to state clearly when that a character actually is queer, hence queer viewers looking for clues and hints, and "fanon shipping." There was just news about a main character from a Disney show, Wizards of Waverly Place, that was intended to be queer, but they were only allowed to include so much of that. Straight fans didn't pick up on it bc they weren't looking it, queer fans did bc they were.
People ship Murray/alexei, Jonathan/Argyle, and Eleven/Max?
Taking any two male characters who show any kind of affection for each other and insisting it makes them gay is hugely problematic. It reinforces the idea that straight men can’t be sensitive or vulnerable and perpetuates the kind of toxic masculinity that is hurting everyone; men, women, queer folk, *everyone*. *Literally all of humanity.*  Doing the same thing with two female characters is equally problematic because it is a reflection of that selfsame toxic masculinity that has seen men fetishising lesbianism for decades now.  The answer to lack of queer representation is simple… write more queer characters. It’s absolutely not okay to reject someone’s sexuality as an interim measure.
Ooh yeah i thought that might win. Thanks.
Yeah, she's 11 at the moment I'm pretty sure but I meant if they do a time skip for the epilogue like a flash forward to their lives in the future if that makes sense.
I'm always scared to admit this in the subreddit but Jason is one of my favourites. I just find him so compelling. Don't agree with his actions but fully believe he's a good man at heart.
Definitely! I do like steddie, but it is frustrating when i look under the Ronance tag and i get hundreds of works of steddie as the main couple and ronance as the side couple! Like thats not what im looking for!
I wanted to add my favourite ship Ted x Vecna but couldn't stand to see them outed early 💔🤣
Yes thats very true
Well obviously Will is gay, which is just as obvious as Nancy being straight. Idk why people love shipping straight people with someone of their same gender, but find it horrible to discuss shipping a gay person with someone of the opposite gender. Both are equally unrealistic.  People who think Nancy is bisexual because she never explicitly said she isn't interested in other women are just as delusional as the people who refuse to believe Will is gay.
Of course they do! Both Jarglye and Elmax are very popular non-canon ships. Murray/Alexei is also fairly popular.
Yes, the three you mentioned above are romantic ships
yeah he was a bit of a gasbag but clearly cared a lot for his friends and gf and was devastated by their deaths, spin this story a different way and he could have easily been a protagonist. Villains with sympathetic motivations are always interesting!
He lost almost everything he had and i do believe that he held chrissy dear to his heart. Also i do think he wasn't some controlling psychotic rapist people sometimes try to make him out to be.
You're still not making any sense. You're saying that it's ubiquitous, just so popular and everywhere and that's why people hate it. Yeah some people hate it, apparently you, but that's not a good reason and not include it. Especially when obviously it has a really large following since you can't stand how popular it is.
You're pretty much saying everyone hates it because everyone loves it.
😂😂  Well I atleast appreciate the effort of you putting a little fun in the sub with these games!
Steve and Robin is my favorite friendship on the show. I don’t care about people making up fanfiction.
I'm not telling you what to like or not like! :)  I'm just telling you that it probably didn't make the cut because it's not very common to ship them romantically. This seems to be for romantic ships only, not friendships.
Exactly
I mean. They caaaan. But it’d be pretty fucking weird considering the age difference. And the point is that all the ships up there have people who like the idea of them being together romantically. Whether you agree or not doesn’t matter.
Right but it's a poll. A poll is to figure out how many people are for something not to test it's quality. And you're welcome to your opinion that it's not good but there are people that do think it's good and would like it on the poll. Lots of people who have written 18,000 fanfictions about them.
Okay. I thought it meant within the realm of the show.
The bottom two rows have six pairings that aren’t romantic.
but people want them to be romantic. In theory, it \*could\* happen or could have happened with those pairings. Robin is gay so it would make less sense to ship them. Also there has to be a cut off somewhere! You could hypothetically go on for ages about all the ship options so I think OP went with most popular romantic ships regardless of if they will/can happen in the show.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I have this one too! It makes me so happy that Bob is a big part of the poster
I’m so happily surprised that Kali made it onto this poster. She’s tiny, but she’s there lol.
I love that it has you suck board on it
Best part about this.....                        Barb
Joyce looks so much like Will there!
Where’d u get this
HMV!
Thanks!
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Noah Schnapp confirmed that Will is in love with Mike. I'm not sure when his feelings began but they've hinted about his sexuality at least from the start.
Yes.
Yeah. Everything he said to Mike in the van, about how El feels, was actually also Will letting us know his own feelings.  Mike didn’t pick up on it, but Jonathan did. That’s why he spoke to Will how he did in the pizza kitchen.
Yes, he is in love with Mike.
He absolutely does.   His queerness is hinted at a couple times early in the series and as it pertains to his feelings for Mike specifically, there are a few specific instances in which it’s made clear there’s something else going on.   In the opening moments of the series he goes against the suggestion of Lucas and Dustin to tell Mike the truth about his roll in D&D. In Season Two he confides in Mike above everyone else, including his mother. He also remembers Mike specifically when brainwashed by the Mind Flayer.  These aren’t inherently signs of a romantic attraction earlier in the series but they are indicative of a strong loyalty he has with Mike that might have grown into the feelings he has now.   The scene in the van with the painting was him projecting onto Eleven so that he might boost Mike’s confidence while also being able to, at least partially, confess his feelings. Jonathan caught on but Mike is seemingly oblivious.  EDIT: Also, regarding stuff that was on the page but not on screen, in the script for the season two finale the Duffers note that during the Snow Ball, Will is looking at Mike instead of the girl he’s dancing with.
Yes. Very much so..it is most obvious in s4 but has been obvious since s2
He's down bad, as the kids would say
He is in love. He explains when he gives Mike the painting. The one in which he has a heart on his shield. El did contrary to his claims not commission this painting and has indeed never seen it, you got that?
When MBB joked about El and Will getting together in s4, David Harbour teased that Will has feelings for someone else in the group. After s4, Finn said it's really beautiful, Will being in love with Mike, and also that Mike is an idiot for not realizing it. Also there was a whole full confession on screen. So I'd say yes.
Oh okay thanks. But I don’t understand how Mike can be called an idiot for not realising Will’s feelings, he wouldn’t because it’s in the 1980’s where being homosexual was hard and nobody wanted to understand it. So how could a child realise his best friend is in love with him.
where did finn say the beautiful thing? havent heard it yet, would love to see
Being oblivious is a constant for Mike since s1, so Finn probably get exasperated over it by now.  Plus Mike was told Will has a crush and is probably making a painting for them, then Will pulls out a painting he made for Mike, and makes a whole love confession in the name of El but neither the painting nor the words match anything El would ask for. Mike heard everyone say Will is gay all their lives, he said Will doesn't like girls, and Will wasn't subtle at all
It was in an interview with ScreenRant, I think. There's a video easy to find on YT. It was Finn, Charlie and Eduardo together.
I’m not sure if I am being stupid or not but where does Mike constantly be oblivious to things.   Why would anyone think their best friend was in love with them? Mike was not told Will has a crush, only because El said that there might be a girl in Will’s life since he’s spending time painting a lot so people straight away believe he’s got a crush on someone what is not the same as being in love. Also what was El’s words when she commissioned the painting to Will? I don’t remember that and I just finished rewatching the series.
thank you!
I don't have the time stamp or quotes for it and frankly I don't care to dig them up, but there's s1 Dustin being frustrated with Mike over the whole El-Lucas-Will situation, there's Mike not showing much empathy in the Max situation, the post-breakup conversation with Lucas and yelling at Will... I think both Dustin and Lucas call him out, too, at different points, oblivious and hopeless. Regardless of his intentions and where his heart is, he's not that good with emotions and social stuff yet.  "Will is painting a lot but he won't show me what he's working on. Maybe it's for a girl. I think there's someone he likes because he's been acting weird." (From the letter El wrote)  "No you don't [understand it]. I *am* different. I don't belong. Anywhere. Everyone looks at me like I'm a monster. You think I'm a monster, too. The way you looked at me. You were scared of me. [...] You don't love me anymore. You never say it. Can't even write it, Mike. [...] [I'm] Not [a superhero] anymore." El's lines from the argument after the roller rink when Mike tried to blameshift  "How far is Vegas? Well, once we save her, El, we should stop on the way back. El could make us, like, super rich, and we'd never have to work. We could just play D&D and Nintendo for the rest of our lives." Will in the van talking for himself  "Yeah. Yeah. [I did paint it] I mean... I mean El asked me to. She commissioned it, basically she told me what to draw. Anyway, my point is. See how you're leading us here? You're guiding the whole party, inspiring us. That... That's what you do. And see your coat of arms here? It's a heart. And I know it's sort of on the nose, but that's what holds this whole party together. Heart. Because, I mean, without heart, we'd all fall apart. Even El. Especially El. These past few months, she's been so lost without you. It's just, she's so different from other people, and... When you're... When you're different, sometimes... You feel like a mistake. But you make her feel like she's not a mistake at all. Like she's better for being different. And that gives her the courage to fight on. If she was mean to you, or seemed like she was pushing you away, it's because she's scared of losing you, like you're scared of losing her. And if she was going to lose you I... I think she'd rather just get it over with quick. Like ripping off a band-aid. So yeah, El needs you Mike. And she always will" Will speaking in the name of El, tears streaming down his face, struggling not to sob  The painting: Classic fantasy style painting matching DnD. A party of adventurers are fighting a three headed red dragon. It's a party of four, Lucas in knight's armor on horse, Dustin with a huge axe, Will the Wise in white robe, and Mike attacking with a sword.  And Mike totally believes that he doesn't make El feel the way she said he does, she was lying in her letter about what Will is painting, she commissioned a romantic gift depicting something she knows little to nothing about and she's not even painted on the picture, etc. Not for a moment did Mike stop to wonder why Will is crying, just ... Not addressing that Will is silently sobbing in the seat. Since it's something close to Finn's heart, he's just frustrated Mike isn't a bit more empathetic with his hest friend of ~a decade 🤷
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
“Michal Scott and Robert Dunder ca. 1987”
That man is a giant in this picture
I absolutely *adore* the school picture day vibes going on here!
Love love love ❤️
Looks like he walked right out of the set with that shirt! Lol
r/unexpectedoffice
Darmok and Jalad. At Tanagra
he's 6' 3"
Temba when the walls fell
I'm 6 foot 4 and for some reason I imagine this dude towering over me.  Probably because he has a bigger overall build than I do.  Lol.
It's the psychology of his character.  His character has a commanding presence and so we associated it with that.  It's similar to when a young tall person appears like an adult or someone with authority just b/c they are bigger than you even though you might be older, wiser, mature, etc.
Good point.  He does have a big presence.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Damn. I’m glad my nosebleeds don’t get that bad
Spotify locked and loaded
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Alternate dimension, same vibe! 😄
Maybe I’ll just kill Mike.
This is awesome !
I like how he still does the anti-Mike thing for fans.
Oh you guys are Sooooo cute!!
stranger things have happened
For a second, I thought Mike was Seth Green.
You should have wore an AC/DC shirt and said “ how do you do fellow young people”.   Great picture though I’m sure you had so much fun.
I seriously thought that was Winona Ryder until I looked again.
Love it!
Lucky!
Cool! TIL Rachel Bilson is a fan
It's upside down eleven and Mike
The way he sounds like he’s joking but actually kind of considering it at the same time 😂
One of my favorite things he does is cover up Mike in any photos
Same, I was like, is Seth Green cosplaying as Mike?
Ha, you're not the first person to suggest I look like Rachel Bilson.
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Keep a couple things in mind. We don't know that the demogorgon (and its lifecycle forms) are native to the Upside Down. In fact, I think it's more likely that they are not native, since one is seen roaming in Dimension X before the earliest we know for sure that the Upside Down existed. I also don't think it's native to Dimension X, but that's drawing inferences from the normal, boring world that might not apply to Dimension X.  Second, we don't really know the full biology of the demogorgon yet. What we have seen indicates that they develop from demoslugs to polywogs to demodogs to demogorgons, but they might have some sort of branching development where demoslugs can grow into demobats, given the right conditions.  Third, the only organism we know to be exclusively native to the Upside Down are trees. Even the vines are seen separately from the Upside Down and prior to Vecna discovering the Mind Flayer.  One of the things that remains unexplained is the egg.  However, I think we've already seen the origin of the egg and its occupant, so I doubt we'll see more creatures in relation to that.
Logically there should be about as many types of monsters as there are creatures on Earth and beyond, but I’m not expecting more than about five in the next season. That said, I feel like we should have gotten a bigger variety by now anyway. If Vecna’s going to raise an army, it’s only practical that he should have direct counters to things like tanks or flamethrowers.
I'm  sure there'll be more of them introduced in the incoming war,
I genuinely hope so, I think if they put a few braincells into this, they could get seriously creative with it and come up with even scarier creatures.  If a demodog is sort of like a dog, and a Demogorgon sort of like a humanoid, reptiloid thing, and a demobat similar to a bat, then what's the Upside Down version of those deep sea creatures that already exist in our dimension, for example? (If we just assume that the UD has about as much biodiversity somehow as our dimension does.)  Like the [sea pig](https://th-thumbnailer.cdn-si-edu.com/2NkVCl7QmyccaUa5l0wxo2RVbag=/800x0/filters:no_upscale()/https://tf-cmsv2-smithsonianmag-media.s3.amazonaws.com/filer/Scariest-Sea-Monsters-Sea-Pig-631.jpg) or the [dragon fish](https://thumbor.bigedition.com/audrey-velasco-hogan-calit2-1020-dragon-fish-materials-meyers-lab-teeth/ealRIgQ7VWeXtZjDUQg1X9dnN2E=/480x360/filters:format(webp):quality(80)/granite-web-prod/14/37/14371e1255a74cfa9c4ca1f33fd7bb29.jpeg)  or the [anglerfish](https://thumbor.bigedition.com/scary-black-anglerfish/lKwMJLy6Vt5TCJhZyroTRnMaHmk=/480x360/filters:format(webp):quality(80)/granite-web-prod/7f/75/7f752c7c93924b69b13f5a2f3a96caec.jpeg).
I believe zuggtmoy will be in s5 - and may be behind the dark cloud which was later formed into the mind flayer
I think so
If there are they would most likely be “Demo——“ whatever’s. I think we’ve met all the big bads
For all we know The Upside down for all we know could be the dark aether from cod zombies both are very similar
Egg??? Am I forgetting a key aspect of Stranger Things? What egg??
That's only logical if we assume that the Upside Down is as vast and ancient as our Universe, and I don't think that's a safe assumption. In fact, I would say it seems less likely to be ancient and more likely to be a novel creation. First, consider the likelihood of two versions of Earth forming and evolving in absolutely perfect parallel (to the point both Prime Nancy and Upside Down Nancy having identical diaries) despite having wildly different environments.  Now, consider that those environments would be one of the major players in supporting the evolution of those wildly different species.   It seems more likely to me that the Upside Down is some sort of novel copy of normal, boring Hawkins in 1983 that either did not include any lifeforms (other than trees) or something happened to the native Upside Down organisms. The demogorgon is seen outside of the Upside Down in Dimension X when Vecna lands there, and we know they can rip open gates under certain  circumstances, so I feel pretty confident that it and its various developmental stages are an invasive species.
I assumed water didn’t exist in the UpsideDown after discovering that the lake was empty
It's what the demogorgon was eating when Eleven made contact with it. Later, Hopper peers at it when he and Joyce are looking for Will in the Upside Down.  I'm not entirely convinced that it's an actual egg, but that's what it looks like.
I don’t think you understand the point here, I never said the Upside Down is ancient or natural. I’m just talking about the creatures themselves, they’re very clearly not artificial.
I feel pretty confident that most of the things you take to be true in this comment are not important to the story and haven’t been given a second thought by the writers.
Oh... true.
Ahh, I see. Maybe it was something from the human realm? We’ve seen that the demogorgon can open gates to hunt, like with the deer.
Not likely from the normal, boring world. Eleven saw the demogorgon eating it in the Void moments before the mother gate opened.  I think there are still big questions about the demogorgon's behavior and ecology, and I am not even sure it is primarily a predator. S4 opened up the possibility that it wasn't acting according to its nature, and there's still the issue of apparently being able to smell blood from the Upside Down. Maybe it's a psychic sense of smell like Will's ability to see into the Upside Down in S2, but I'd think would take less than a week for it to finally track Will down in the Upside Down
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Please go outside today
That ia an avarage of 10 episodes per day 😳
That's an impressive binge, I'm proud of you lol I wish my friends had that same energy
And now you get to enjoy the soul-sucking wait for season 5 like the rest of us, you’re welcome!
Ah I just did it in two. Good ol’ surgery recovery. I’ve binge watched most of Naruto, Below Deck and now Stranger Things. Think I’m gonna binge Last Kingdom next.  Seen them all before though but it is nice having a TV binge marathon considering I never have time to usually.
Did i write this? Ive just done the same thing! Now the wait begins :(
I was a very late bloomer too.  Watched it over a couple week period last summer.  Got on board in time though for the second part of season 4 in real time!
Yes I binged it too a few weeks ago it was amazing
Touch grass
I watched season 1 a few months ago an stopped...but then did seasons 2-4 during March. Did one episode a day with maybe 2-3 for the finales. Was sooo good!
sure :D
yes it was lol. the only time i didnt finish a season the same day i started it was season 4. which was 1 and a half hours into the last episode and i got tired
haha yea
i always binge shows haha meanwhile im used to that :(
I just (re)binged shippuden a few weeks ago, it was a good time
yes you did. i forced you at gunpoint to write this btw (cutely)
ok daddy
Are the talking about me? It's literally my story. I completed the series a day ago :)
😂😂
wat?
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Only issue is I don’t think they said she created it
I agree with a few of your key points:  - The Upside Down is distinct from wherever Eleven sent Vecna at the end of the Rainbow Room fight.  - The Upside Down was created when Eleven was terrified by the demogorgon, which I think was her greatest outpouring of psychic energy. Now we know there were other psychic actors in play at that time, so we can't rule out any magical tomfoolery from them. Still, she was the plutonium going critical and Hawkins Lab was ground zero.  I disagree with a few others:  - The Void has only ever been shown to be a purely psychic realm whereas the Upside Down is a purely physical space. I guess anything can happen when magical powers are involved, but I'm not sure how the two could be combined.  - Time is not stuck in the Upside Down. This is either a persistent misconception, or a misapplication of poetic language. Time is frozen in the Upside Down the same way time in Pripyat is frozen in 1986.  - The overlap in the circle diagram doesn't seem like it's the Upside Down. There are two arcs that connect points at the tops and bottoms of the circles, which I believe represent the Upside Down and normal, boring Hawkins. These points would be in roughly the same spot if the paper were folded in half (which it appears to have been). This is a reasonable representation of how gates between the Upside Down and normal, boring Hawkins seem to work, i.e. they connect two identical points in both realms. Whether the overlap has any significance or is just an artifact of being a rough sketch, I couldn't guess. I don't remember much of the rest of the drawing.
wait a minute the MF realm isnt just the upside down? i thought they were the same place/reality/realm
Did the showrunners officially said who (if anyone) created it or what its origins are? I may have overlooked it, but I thought that was still up in the air.
In a post S4 interview, the interviewer says basically - we find out El created the UD - and the Duffers do not correct them. So I am basing the theory on that.
Combining purely psychic and purely material planes isn't that hard imo. You pull in the matter and shape and fill it with the psychic energy. (It's also something I've encountered in some 80s trashy fantasy books inspired by DnD or straight out based on DnD campaigns set in a homebrew world in one case)
A lot of people are assuming they're different but the show hasn't actually made it clear yet
They have not to the best of my knowledge
rewatched s4 and if u see some of the moments where steve eddie nancy and robin r in the ud, it looks like the mf realm
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I like to imagine that at some point they end up watching something that in the real world is paying homage to Stranger Things, but obviously isn’t in-universe, so they don’t know whether to be amused or put off by the memories.
Mike bought four tickets for opening night the second they were available. The group text has been very active, spouses and children tired of hearing about it.
53 yrs old. Saw it last night
Im watching the movie somwhere around this week
I'd have Will grow up to become Matt Mercer from CRITICAL ROLE, boy deserves it
Nah, Will's been asking them to go for a week and they still won't go with him.
I did. why not..
Of course, it's going to be their next group-halloween-costume
I'm only 49 years old, thanks. I won't be 50 until next month.
In my 40’s and took the kids (12 & 8) to see it - everyone had a blast.
Y'all I'm sorry to tell you that they're all still mad about the 2000 dnd movie and talking shit about it on reddit rn
Oh, absolutely and they loved it
Umm I’m 51, and I saw it on Saturday, and it was awesome and even had a nod to the 80s cartoon, so I was super stoked. And yes, I played DnD in the 80s
I was gonna post something like this, beat me to it!
What are you talking about? The 80s was just barely 20 years ago man.
I know nothing about D&D besides what I’ve learned from ST and it was one of the funniest movies I’ve seen in a long time. I REALLY hope they make a sequel!!!!
All of them but one
If they’re all alive…
I was so convinced that the ginger gal in the top right is Sadie Sink, was confused as to why her name wasn’t on the poster 😭
It wasn't a complex script, but it was pretty fun. And it was cool seeing all the monsters and spells lifted directly from the game.
42 yo here taking my kids to the theartre to see the play!
The end of season 5 is a flash forward to all of them together watching the D&D movie
If there was ever a use for these AI image creators - *this is it.* The party from Stranger Things in their 50s.
I mean... in 1982 life would find me downstairs with my friends around a card table playing D&D. Fast forward a few years and I'm into synthesizers and even bought *The Hounds of Love* when it came out. Most of the music I make these days sounds like The Duffer Brothers.  They nailed the Gen-X demographic on this series.
I could see Dustin growing up & having a position on the film in sound
they all hug each other and cry, saying "Dustin would have loved this"
Assuming they all survive the final season…
This post made me realize they would all be my dads age if they were real people 🤣 they could all be grandparents 😂
I'm a 48 year old and yeah, you nailed it.
They wouldn't support D&D after they tried to copywrite their hobby and instead played Pathfinder.
Yep, and those 50 year olds will be able to spell
Thats a big assumption. That they're all still alive I mean
Assuming they survive, that is. "I'm in danger"
Will and Mike going on a movie theatre date while the kids stay with Joyce and Hopper for the evening
I think they grow apart like the Loser Club
Idk if this movie would be good, but the posters are trash.
The mental image of Mike as one of those cool older guys fond of good-natured ribbing paired with El as one of those sweet older ladies who doesn't speak much but shoots him "oh, you!" glances is too cute for words.
This poster is really for a loosers movie.
When I look at that poster, it reminds me of some corny 80s flick
As long as their happy , it’s all good ;)
Saw it last night, went in with low expectations. Was pleasantly surprised that it was actually quite good.
Okay but like honestly I saw that movie last night and it was fucking incredible
The movie it's brilliant btw I heavily recommend
I saw it over the weekend. I also took so many teens with me. (My daughter and her friends)
That means they saw the Justin Whalin one 23 years prior. Worse then any Venca plot.
That's if and only if all of them make it out alive next season 😏
All I can think of is how cute Dustin is in this picture! Look at young Gaten, so adorable!   I am not into D&D at all, but I definitely plan on seeing this movie; the trailers made it look great, but these comments have totally sealed it for me!
I live in a town that’s kinda known as a retirement town. Looots of old people here. When I went to see the movie yesterday, at least half the crowd (which to be fair was about 20 people) were seniors.
I refuse to except this
If they don't spend half the time casting fireball in confined spaces, and dicking around the other half,  not going
As they should. It’s a great movie.
50? Try 65
Wouldn’t the “kids” be in their mid-late 40’s and Nancy and Steve and Jonathan be in their 50’s?
I’m not quite 50 but it’s the first movie I’m going to the theater for since Covid happened.
If they're not dead ofc
Funny I am 50 and it’s cool that the kids are exactly my age.
I hope the movie does well.
The spirit of the movie felt like D&D. Would recommend.
And….
Hell naw this one look worst than than 2000 one
Can confirm!
They're dead
Im 50+ and im going to see it with my boy. Hes 19.
Was telling my wife this about the Mario Brothers movie.  It looks like it is made for young kids.  And to a small extent, it is.  But there are a lot of 45 year old dudes and gray hair in those theaters.
Um… my dad is 54 and he’s watching it in theaters literally right now
I’m 40, went on Saturday
Oh, what's the age limit on it?
I like to think that they all go to the movies in their own cities but then will have a Zoom meeting to talk about it and will rewatch the movie on streaming at their annual reunion in Hawkins (or wherever they have it).
This feels like advertising 🤷‍♂️
And I'm betting they're probably hoping that it's not a disappointment like the 2000 D&D film was, with Dustin probably being the only one who liked 2000 film because he has a crush on Thora Birch. XD
That or they’re dead
This. You know how movies and shows often have episodes of some popular TV show from the time they're set in running somewhere in the background? I feel like we'll see that one happening with Stranger Things around 2045.
[removed]
Pretty sure El would not mind hearing about it (assuming Mileven lasted)
Bold of you to assume Mike didn’t die senior year in the fight against Vecna.   It’s a shame, Mike would’ve loved it
How was it? Our dnd group is considering going and seeing it together, if we can manage to actually get everyone together physically lol
Period!
Same
Saw it this weekend, not into D&D myself (my kid plays) and I really enjoyed the movie!
Will finally gets good hair
But Will is gay, I don't want Marisha to be sad.
He finds out a couple of them went together “accidentally” without mentioning it to him on the one day he was busy.
They've already forgotten about it when the Lord of the Rings films came out.
Max could use audio descriptions or something, I don't know if it's available in theaters
Not complex in a good way, imo, and yet there were so many clever things thrown in their to mimic actual games that I loved. Like some of the character names that were clearly a DM just coming up with something on the spot, or places where they obviously rolled Nat 20s/0s lol it was fun!
Why AI when real artists can just do it themselves?
If there's a movie to take your children to, it's this one.
Given how much the series was inspired by It, you could be right. I love that ended, so bittersweet. It would be very sad if that’s how they ended the series, but I can see it happening.
It's super fun
The hell is a looser?
I think it's supposed to! The movie was really fun
*accept
all of them are born 1971.
Nah. All the kids were born in 1971, so they definitely would be in their 50s, and the teens in their mid/late 50s.
>It looks like it is made for young kids.  Honestly, good. I'm 35 years old without kids and I love me some good nostalgia, but also, kids have the right to have media made for them. Nowadays I feel like every piece of child's media needs to have jokes for the parents, or cater to adult fans instead of kids, etc.
Just yesterday I was reading an Ant-Man comic, and they did this exact thing with Lost. The scene works, but it took me a good twenty minutes to process.
Stranger Things itself does this, right?
In the first season of The OA in one of the later episodes. I can't recall which one.
Comment twins, jinx :)  Alternatively, Mike was mad about the D&D OGL controversy and considered boycotting until Lucas had enough, bought tickets himself, and told Mike he was coming to his house and picking him up. “Work has been insane, Mike, I NEED THIS.”
This looks like a bot stealing comments.
It was great. I loved it, my partner who knows nothing at all about D&D and had to be coaxed to even go... also loved it.
We saw it last night & it was fun. Recommend.
It was good. It was no LOTR epic but it was FINALLY a D&D movie that didn't suck
&#x200B;  It's so fun. I went with the members of my party who were available to go (not the whole thing) and we had a blast
I thought it was great. It’s fun and I think that captures the spirit of the game more than trying to be hardcore serious.
It's genuinely a great movie
I wouldnt call it a great movie. But it was a very fun movie definitely go see it with your dnd group and talk about all the rules and spells you saw them get right and wrong. Hours of fun
It was fun and a great 2 hours but not everything I wanted from a D&D movie. It’s very human-heavy. I had no idea one character was a tiefling until she said so because she just looks like a human with horns
Why not just go when you normally have your session? That's what we did.
Noice👌
The good ending
They were super hyped to go with Eddie, but somehow forgot to tell Will they were into it again.
devices are supposed to be available at all AMC theaters but they’re frequently broken, not charged, etc.
Yeah, I think I have about 6 "Jarnathan" characters in my campaign by now. It's like John IRL.
Hey have a blast finding someone who will do that for free haha I'm totally down
I'm glad you liked it, I'll give it a shot when i get the chance!
No, I'm stupid I thought this was in general lol sorry please continue
To some extent, yeah. I mean the big one is of course Season 3 just straight up showing a movie in a cinema not once, but twice (and Season 3 does this a lot in general), but stuff like that happens constantly.
Then spouse is definitely not tired of hearing about it
My wife grew up playing D&D but me on the other hand wasn't really into D&D growing up BUT I enjoyed the movie so much! At almost every movie I am the one pointing out those little details/references /digs in a movie but this time it was my wife. Was a great movie and loved seeing my partner geek out! IMO so far best movie I've seen in 2023
Oh I know who you mean, I thought they were like a satyr through the trailers tbh lol
It had the one monster I was really really hoping to see.
Because we play online. We’re decently spread out irl
I am also watching it this weekend
The Starcourt movie theater had incredibly lax security.
Yeah same lol. Nope she’s supposed to be a tiefling. There’s not many non-human characters and the ones that are there aren’t in it for long. There aren’t even any elves lol
Oh, that's fair.
Lesgoooooo
Not just talking about the cinema here. Season 3 has a lot of "Remember this cool thing from the 80s?" type of stuff (Like when El finds that poster of Ralph Macchio)
There’s a half elf.
I think both seasons two and three amplify the nostalgia bait with the numerous pop culture staples of the era. Season four dialed back on the affectionate end by diving into the Satan panic.   The one pop culture staple that was referenced was Police Academy. A cash cow franchise that practically disappeared. Contrast that with The Thing and Dark Crystal from season one. Two movies that weren't appreciated for its time.
Yes who doesn’t even explicitly call themselves a half elf? He says “half human” lol
OP, please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post.  Commenters, please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed.  If you see anyone breaking the rules, please report the post or comment. Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/StrangerThings) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Is Max’s mum OK?
Lmao I wondered this! Also, does anyone back in Lenora know where Argyle is? He seemed to be really active at his job so I wonder if they were in on his plan or he just dipped without warning 😭
I do wonder what the status of the demogorgons is in Russia but I don’t want any screentime spent on it in S5. Too much screentime was spent on Russia in S4 imo.
How did the Cali crew afford gas and food to drive all the way from Cali to Hawkins? Was gas very cheap back then?
The time "thing" where Nancy went back to her home in the upsidedown to get weapons and she discovers it is a couple of years before the time in the normal world. I expect that time "thing" to be used to deal with Max's infirmity in S5. I also hope they continue the theme of uncertainty by not wrapping this all up in a neat little "and they all live happily ever after" package. I'm for El realizing she can do best by closing the gates from inside and fighting battles there. Her last words before she closes the gate are "You won't know when I win; you'll only know if I lose."
All the gear that Murray brought to California is gone forever, right? He didn't bring it to Alaska. It wasn't safe to swing by Joyce's old place and pick it up.  And it's not like Joyce is paying him to do this.
When will Nancy tell Eleven about her visions?
I doubt we’ll get it but I’d still like to know what exactly the Russians were attempting to do. It seemed like they kinda just were messing around aimlessly with the demogorogns. I’d love to get an answer as to if they were just trying to weaponize them or if they had done some other goal or tie back to other plots in some way.  As of now it just seems like a kinda random subplot. Also I’ll take a little more Enzo & Yuri time if that’s what will explain it, they were both fun characters
What happened with Agent Wallace?
What happened to Owens? Did Argyle get Eden’s number?
For real, if Argyle is just in Hawkins for s5 I'm gonna need them to explain why he just abandoned his job and family and whole life in California at the drop of a hat lmao
I’m pretty sure they’re all dead.
Argyle’s paycheck
I wondered how the hell they didn't run out of gas in the nowhere desert. Like how big was that gas tank??😂
she’s not dying
Huh. Yeah, I never really thought about how the date in the Upside Down might affect the rest of the show. I guess I kinda just wrote it off as why they couldn’t get a gun from Nancy’s house, but they didn’t actually end up doing anything with that, did they? I’m really glad you pointed that out, because now it opens up a lot more possibilities for theories for me. They better not start doing time travel though.
> The time "thing" where Nancy went back to her home in the upsidedown to get weapons and she discovers it is a couple of years before the time in the normal world.  Is that a loose end, though? I think the purpose of that plot point was mainly to explain a little about the 'mechanics' of the UD. It's served its purpose and doesn't have any lingering questions surrounding it.
>I'm for El realizing she can do best by closing the gates from inside and fighting battles there. Her last words before she closes the gate are "You won't know when I win; you'll only know if I lose."  Thanks, I hate it
> All the gear that Murray brought to California is gone forever, right? He didn't bring it to Alaska. It wasn't safe to swing by Joyce's old place and pick it up.  I'd assume it straight up wasn't even at the Byers' anymore. The military searched the house, I have no reason to expect them to have left that specialized equipment.
She might already have done that off screen. I think we're supposed to assume that they kinda sync'ed up somewhere between reuniting at the Wheelers' and getting back to Hop's cabin to fix it up.
I doubt they let him live. Sullivan doesn't seem the type.
Owens was likely taken into custody, they wouldn’t kill him off if he’s still integral to Eleven’s whole “Return of the Jedi” arc continuing into S5.
Homeboy wasn’t making THAT much.
Being Joyce's friend is spendy.
This is not the type of thing that should happen offscreen. Also, it would have felt unnecessary if they thought Vecna was defeated, as was clearly the case before Will told Mike that he was still alive.
I think it was heavily implied that they killed him ……he sorta just gave in because he knew he wouldn’t be making it through alive anyways.
or maybe if he did like 5 pizzas a round then delivered the money back (idk how pizza places work I’m making this up as I go) their house was the 5th pizza so he had 4 pizzas worth of money along with savings to do it? idk tbh but it sorta makes sense if the people ordered a lot of pizzas.
They used his money and whatever money Joyce left for the boys.
Still, i doubt a high schooler has enough expenses to not be able to pay for some gas and some junkfood along the way, even if his "recreational expenses" are taken into account.
> This is not the type of thing that should happen offscreen.  In this case I wouldn't mind tbh. For us viewers there would be little to no new information, and even for El there really was very little in those visions that she hadn't already seen driving up to Hawkins. There was also the moment between Nancy and Jonathan - "I know a lot more than you think" - to kind of just skip over the issue.
Maybe Suzie sprung for additional gas money, which would be awesome.
Not after catching Argyle sinning with Eden.
Haha but Suzie will do it for Dusty Bun and her pals. She just have to repent later. Again.
