If my team gathers in my bubble, they are using it wrong 😑
Every single time I see someone use well or bubble they all huddle up like it’s -4° outside and for warmth
Always has been
I don’t remember it being that rare tbh
rng gonna rng
No, never has and never will.
No sadly ! You can help run them through dungeons and stuff like that but no sharing
If he's an Amazon Prime member, he can get some freebies on there vs Prime Gaming.  You just missed out on the Sunshot Exotic, but there are some other things there worth it
You have to use older gambit weapons. Try crowd pleaser, gnawing hunger/trust, and malfeasance.
Servant Leader Albruna-D and Crowd Pleaser
And the Killmonger triumph?
Which weapons did you use?
the newer gambit weapons don't count (dead weight, yesteryear, albruna, new trust)  and the older pinnacle weapons don't count (breakneck, hush, 21% delirium)
Just got this last night with herod-C, borrowed time, crowd pleaser.
Servant and crowd pleaser work, but try using borrowed time instead of albruna.
Killmonger comes from killing enemies without dying. Massacre comes from killing a lot of enemies very quickly. If you need either try arriving at an area before your team. Sometimes leaving early for the next zone and guessing correctly helps.
The weapons I get from the Gambit engrams.
Are u sure? Iirc I got that triumph with delirium on me
Trust?
I’ve gotten the medal 3 times; twice in a single match.
Yes and the newer ones don't count which is why i ask which weapons did you use.
as sure as i can be.  it's not something i can personally test after having done that triumph
180 solar hand cannon
Can’t wait for my Strand hook to latch to a Wyvern instead of a nearby Goblin and pull death right into my face
Probably has to do with the fact they left the instance they were in with you. I'm sure it's probably something to do with alleviating latency or something.
It's because they aren't in the match and therefore are no longer loaded in. The game has nothing to load once they leave.
Most likely, this coming reset.
Thanks shotgun I can’t get! 😘
Got it on a second contest mode clear :D
Bungie ultimately doesn't want the ability to catch up on seasonal content easily. They want people to buy the game and the season passes when that content is available.
FOMO
Somewhere between nonexistent and very bad, (we dont actually know the true numbers)
In my experience drop rates were abysmal. Especially from nimbus rank ups. I’m currently somewhere in late rank 80 something. And got like 4 red borders from him. The rest came from heroic patrols. I still need like 3 reds to have everything crafted.
They sit at a nice pain%.
*them
True that. I've been at 4/5 for about 2-3 weeks now
What
Just started using it again today. Couldn’t agree more. Thing rips and tears thru any content.
As much as I love Huckleberry (it still is one of my most used/most kills weapon), it does not have any synergy with the subclasses. For example, if I use contraverse, then I don't need huckleberry because everything dies from my nades or use Unforgiven with demo + junkie. If I use my astrocyte build, then I use Collective Obligation (Huckleberry would be good on this build now that I am thinking about it). But the point is that Huckleberry has stayed behind only because you can do the same thing, with many different weapons or abilities. Back in year 1 and 2, the weapon was top.
Because witherhoard and pew pew with other weapons
Ostea striga is just better than huckleberry and you don’t even need to aim that one. I agree it is heavily slept on for pvp tho
Im sure it will get some action once all other Aggresive SMGs get nerfs.
It's cool but there are simply better ad clear weapons/exotics to use.
It doesn't need to be the pinnacle in order for the sword to drop
Mate 3 time a week isn't enough
It's still progress, not to mention the longest I've heard of an exotic drop taking is 50 or so
Lol, get a load of this guy.  If you want it, grind for it. When Duality is featured, loot should be uncapped and you can kill Caiatl as much as you want until you get the awful sword.
Awful but i have heard its great
It’s mid tbh. The only times I ever use it anymore are invis on command for gorgon’s in vault of glass, which isn’t even that helpful
Thise YouTubers lied to me
I think it's just meant to be a fun weapon. Exotic doesn't always mean good. In a lot of cases they're fringe weapons that cater to a niche. A good number of recent seasonal weapons are like this as well. The Manticore is worse than any of the big three legendary SMGs, but it has a neat gimmick. Delicate Tomb is outclassed by a good number of things, though it has some practical use if you're playing Arc. Collective Obligation is maximized by playing with people going all in on Void, even if there are plenty of other options that simply outclass it.  I mean, they can't make everything better as eventually power creep would be even more insane than it currently is.
I haven’t read the entire post yet but I do want to make note of the fact that this bow seems to be a lot more useful on Shadebinder than Revenant or Behemoth due to the latter two’s significantly easier time accessing stasis crystals (Behemoth’s entire kit, Touch of Winter for Revenant). The stasis crystals it provides are important in Shadebinder’s case right now because of the fragment that significantly boosts grenade regeneration after breaking a stasis crystal, something that’s especially important for Shadebinder due to most builds revolving around having Bleakwatchers up as much as possible, something that is made infinitely easier with this fragment, and especially with this bow due to its ability to farm up on-demand stasis crystals
This right here, its pretty good for stasis warlock using turrets
exactly this. having access to whisper of shards on shadebinder is very strong. it also has innate whisper of rending functionality that stacks with the actual whisper of rending to do huge damage to frozen targets, which extends to the shatter from crystals you spawn with it. the only downside to this bow on stasis is that whisper of fissures will steal kills from the bow and not proc stasis arrows.
They should make his spawn truly random. Let him spawn in like any of 3-5 spots on any load zone. Make the player base search for him again
He actually appears on 3 spots. Seems like Bungie never touched his code since Destiny 2 launch, those spots were Nessus, EDZ, Tower, Titan and Io. Two latter are vaulted, and Xur never appeared in newer locations, not in Reef, Dreaming city, Moon, Europa, Throne world or Neptune.
I said they should just take his loot for the week and add it his character in eternity each Friday. I feel like it would be very easy to change lol
Players won't search. They'll wait for someone to post it or watch it on YouTube. The uniqueness of a travelling vendor has been completely destroyed by social media.
Assuming that anything is a very easy change in game development is usually pointless. Especially with a game like Destiny that has years of legacy code.
I mean they already have the code for weapons to rotate daily wouldn't be that hard to add that code to xur. But with all the shit they are working on and bug fixes and shit it's not something even on their radar
"Shouldn't be that hard" is the most delusional opinion, especially when spoken by a non-expert. I doubt you have access to Destiny source code to be sure it's not hard.
I work in IT and have done my fair share of programming and learned programming by someone who made their own games so I have a pretty good idea what I'm talking about. However the only thing I don't know is how bad their code is lol
I would have to agree that is shouldn’t be incredibly difficult. So I’d say it’s just not a priority for them, which is fine. If a program is difficult to change it’s poorly written or poorly understood. I’d hope that something as big as Destiny is not poorly written but only poorly understood as it has aged.
If you really work in IT than your comment makes even less sense. You should know that you can't know, without looking at the source code, how hard or easy it would be to change a given mechanic. If Xur is in the game since D1 he probably has a complete different mechanic than the rotation of the weapons. This has nothing to do with good or bad code.
Yeah, after all any change in the game is weighted by priorities and "efforts taken/game impact" ratio. And the principle "don't fix what's not broken".
Unless it's absolutely trash code there should be no reason why they can't add the code to xur in eternity to make the loot pool appear on Fridays. I'm not saying it's going to be like a 2 minute fix but it's not something that would take them 1 year to do either. And if the code is so bad that they couldn't do that then they need to work on cleaning up the code lol
I’m not saying that Xur is broken but it feels like he’s moving into a forgotten relic state. I feel like his randomness isn’t very random or special anymore. He really should just exist in the dares of eternity room and Exotic gear should just appear starting Friday.
Again you should know that coding is more complex than what you say. Have you ever worked on old code? I mean really old code? Then you add the complexity of a game this size and you will see that there is no such thing as "this is an easy fix".  Also every thing they (want to) change costs resources, mostly manpower and time. Manpower for the devs who are working on the fix and time mostly on testing.   Also also we saw in the past that they lack the resources for testing otherwise we hadn't the downtimes and complete rollbacks in January.  So could it be, just maybe, not the "absolute trash" code who stops them from changing Xur or is it more likely they just didn't see it as a problem that have to be fixed.
You can copy and paste code that already exists and tweak for the changes you need to make. Not sure that is something that would have to be completely new fresh made code. I'm sure they do lack the manpower and resources to accomplish alot of shit. And I know they have little to no testing and it's just live beta testing at this point lol. And I'm not saying it's something they need to fix right now as there are literally hundreds of more important issues lol. At this point it feels like destiny was written to be a game that wasn't supposed to be a continuous expanding game and then changed midway. It would be a bitch and expensive but I think destiny 3 with new code would almost be better than to keep adding to the shit they have now. But I know that's not a possibility. I'm purely just making speculation like everyone else on here. I think that the studio is either overworking all the staff and they are burned out, they are severely understaffed and not getting the resources/money they need, or they hired the wrong people. Again all this is pure speculation so really it's pointless to keep arguing about imaginary shit lol
That has been removed.
So I can’t talk to spider at all?
No, what are you trying to do?
I saw that there was a quest to get hawkmoon from him
I really wanted the gun
Grind to buy the HM from Xûr this weekend, it's a great roll. Xûr is on Nessus til Tuesday reset.
Should be able to buy random rolls from Xur each week.
Unfortunately that method is gone now. To obtain hawkmoon today you have to own beyond light and purchase it from xur on weekends.
Did you own Forsaken before the campaign and Tangled Shore were vaulted? If you never owned that, and didn't buy the Forsaken Pack or any bundle that included it or the original Forsaken DLC, then you aren't supposed to have access to the Forsaken-era exotics.   So if you do then yeah it's maybe a bug, unless you game share with someone that does own Forsaken maybe?  But what the Forsaken pack means when it says it gives you access to the Forsaken exotics is exactly that...it grants you the ability to buy them from the kiosk (and gives you 3 Ciphers you can use for a few of them). Access to does not mean you are given them or that they have any other sources outside the kiosk (well, the weapons anyway, the armors will be available from exotic engrams as usual).
The shotgun, lmg, and smg are on a daily rotation. They are guaranteed from the key chest. The smaller chests can drop any of the those three weapons on any day I believe.  For the other weapons such as the hand cannon, they are gotten from Nimbus, gold patrol bounties, and the end of the campaign quest line.
If you want the best farm for Round Robin, keep loading into patrol zones and look for yellow patrols on the map. That's your best shot, along with completing the campaign and post game on all three characters since I believe you get a red border of each Neomuna weapon over the course of the campaign.
Red borders only drop from heroic patrols, not T.O
It should work with any weapon inside a well, as long as you're the one who cast the well.
thanks!
Thats new, I was also under impression it was Solar only. Was that just a widely spread myth then?
It's worth testing, but based on the fragment, it seems that any weapon will do.
Then it is still Solar weapon kills. Fragment says Solar Super kills, while the Well only gives the Super marker to your kills but make it of the damage of your weapon, so yes you have to use a Solar weapon to proc the fragment.
Have you played Destiny before?  The writing of the campaign disappointed a lot of people, mostly (but not only) because the way it was marketed did not match the tone or feeling of the campaign, and there was some annoying characters and lazy writing.   However, the gameplay (IMO) is great, the campaign felt very fun to play, and the post campaign and seasonal content is pretty great.   IMO it’s quite worth it on sale (but I mean, I paid full price and was happy with my purchase so 🤷‍♂️)
Yes, main campaign isn't the strongest but post campaign is great plus there's loads of things to do as a new player. Lore wise it's good and I would recommend Myelin Games or Mynameisbyf for videos on understanding the universe. Destiny can be daunting to get into but it's worth it.
I agree with what was said by the person above/below . I pre-ordered the deluxe edition and have not regretted my purchase for a second. The gameplay is great. Strand is a lot of fun, and there is a ton of things to do.
I hated the campaign, especially doing it on 3 characters, it sucks. That being said the game is probably the best it's been though, so if you like it you'll be able to get past the crummy story and enjoy everything after.  Strand is a lot of fun, really surprised me.
The gameplay is top notch, no other shooter quite like it.
It was worth buying at full price, imo. Sooooo, extremely yes.
Convince a friend to do the same and have fun. Destiny with 1 or 2 others is just the best of times. If not, there’s still plenty of people in the community that can help.
Yes, for strand alone. Having so much fun with my StrandLock just shredding through any endgame content like a hot knife through butter. (Hope the nerv don't come soon)
Nothing. What was your previous name?
You aren't supposed to do anything, other than just get used to having "Guardian#xxxx" as your Bungie name. Maybe one day Bungie will give us another opportunity to change our names, but it may also never happen.
I would contact customer support about this.
Splickety
What a joke of a company
I was going to but the only category close to my problem was “ban or restriction appeals”
Playing devil advocate, but maybe their algorithm flagged your name since it's similar to a racial slur.
Yeah try that
Just to add to that https://www.google.com/search?ie=UTF-8&client=ms-android-samsung-rvo1&source=android-browser&q=Splickety+urban+dictionary
Found the dickrider
Ok genius, explain what's so reasonable about not letting me use the name "Splickety", or changing it without my knowledge without letting me alter it myself in the first place?
There are so many pinnacles and powerfuls in PvE content, skipping the PvP ones really doesn't make that big of a difference in the power grind. Play what you enjoy.
Let’s hope we never have another mountaintop
Dear Bungie, Stop making pvp players play pve.  Dear Bungie, Stop making Gambit players play rest of game.  Sounds stupid, doesnt it ?   If you refuse to engage with pvp, then dont bitch about not having loot from pvp.  You are not entitled to get everything thats in the game, if you refuse to engage with entirety of the game.
Then don't play it.
I can see both sides a bit. On one hand large amounts of PvP can get on some people’s nerve. I had friends complain about the Ace quest specifically, or something like Mountaintop. But PvP players deserve pinnacles too.
No one forces you to do anything. Don't like pvp don't play it.
They aren't forcing you to play pvp. Those pinnacles are not at all required for anything. I did 1 pinnacle in crucible and gambit week 1 and haven't touched it since. 1809 with 1 piece left to get a week before gms.
I didn’t touch PvP and managed to hit the cap within 3 weeks and only playing one character.
My brother in Christ, it takes 3 Crucible games for a pinnacle. If you can't muster that, you don't want the pinnacle that bad.
you must be talking about the raids and dungeons right?  if not then some specific exotic quests  edit also nightfall and gm
Off the top of my head:  * Vanguard Ops * Nightfall * Dares of Eternity Legend * Story Mission * Partition * RoN Raid * Weekly Raid * Spire of the Watcher Dungeon * Weekly Dungeon * Exotic Quest   Ones that require PvP/  * Gambit * Crucible/Iron Banner  * Trials
yeah I understand where you're coming from
I mean if you want to progress further without waiting for a weekly reset then you have to play pvp unless I'm wrong
Weekly campaign stuff, seasonal stuff, seasonal exotic stuff, strikes nightfalls, and yes raids and dungeons. Crucible and gambit is just 2 out of a lot of possible pinnacles. Just skip them
But you are not going to die if you miss a couple pinnacles.
I guess you need to try it out and see for yourself.
Yes, geofencing is the only way to get decent ping matches in destiny.
I'm not 100% certain but I think that would violate Bungie's terms of service, and is therefore could earn you a ban.  How long until Bungie caught on and whether they did actually ban you for it would probably be a question of luck and  for how long of a stretch you did it for.  You could certainly try it, but you might wanna read the ToS first to find out for sure if it's allowed. Personally I wouldn't consider the possibility of a ban worth it, though.
Every point of weapon stats count
There are no plans for Destiny 3.  If you want to buy content, Lightfall is the current expansion, and so includes the current season pass with purchase.  Power level will give you access to more activities, and it increases by acquiring higher power level gear.   Guardian ranks are meant to be a metric of how familiar someone is with the game, and how current or skilled they are. It is new, and being reworked to better fit this goal.  If you have specific questions, feel free to ask them. There's a daily questions post for more simple questions, but generally questions of value (excluding the 30th Anniversary pack) are answered with "Your mileage may vary."
You do still need to power level, max power is 1810.   Bungie introduced Guardian Ranks, you need to get to level 6 to unlock mods.  By legacy level I assume you are talking about the weapons/armor with grayed out expansion symbols or the triumph score. Basically Bungie vaulted a bunch of stuff and made it so old armor and weapons are not able to be power leveled to introduce a new sandbox. Every weapon/armor piece past Beyond Light (Season 12) is still able to be leveled.  I don't think the new expansion is work $70, it is worth $40 though I would say. On steam it's 30% off and on other steam key sites it's a little more than %40 off (for the normal edition at least) until April 20th.  BTW, the mods system got overhauled, you need upgrade modules instead of just enhancement cores to infuse things, and ghosts have mods as well.
Happens every time.
It is, but it's bugged. Like you said you also need to be running a void heavy to get those benefits.
The problem is you're using Fighting Lion.    jk
Ah unfortunnate, thanks :)
Chest from terminal overloads dont give red borders.   Red borders only come from heroic patrols and nimbus, and maybe the campaign weekly missions not sure.   Plus that one per campaign completion
I know they dont drop from the chests but they give a lot of rep to get engrams. I did forget about the heroic patrols I guess I'll just super farm those. thx <3
yeah even though heroic patrols still take forever they are the fastest way to get the red borders
The memorials are related to the exotic sidearm iirc, have you got the machine gun yet?
[If you're unsure of what or where to go next, you can check out this guide I made for the entire quest line](https://youtu.be/wZnyvtoVp8M)
Yes I just talked to nimbus then the quest disappeared out of my quest list, I then went to get the next quest but it kept say that I needed to repair a memorial but I was never given the prompt to do so regardless of however many times I walked up to them.
If you have the machine gun, and the quest disappeared after talking to Nimbus you probably completed it.
Hmmm, I'll get back on and check it out, I must be misunderstanding something if that's the case because it certainly seems like i finished it.
Yeah it sucks. The workaround is to load up legend NF before any activity.
it goes off collections.
Your best bet is to join a bigger clan..there are plenty that teach raids
Join the d2 lfg server, there’s like half a mil people there, constantly people doing everything.
I’m in a small clan that loves teaching, if you need any help just ask!
I mean there was always nonstop sherpas for that when it released..
There is a destiny 2 lfg discord that is pretty active and have a decent number of teaching runs when the raid is the rotator raid and fewer when it’s not
I run people in the D2 LFG and my clan through raids all the time and teach! Feel free to add me on discord/Destiny! REAP3R#9169 (discord)/FLYNNREAP3R#4669 (Destiny)
> My clan of 3 really want to run VotD and GoS to learn them but can never find posts or people willing to take us along.  To be fair, at this point Garden of Salvation is like three years old. Vow is a lot newer, but even that is a year. It makes sense there aren't a ton of people constantly running them. Especially since both are kind of disliked for being rather involved.   Like, in Vow's case, you need to learn something like 16 symbols, which is something a lot of people don't have interest in doing. I get it sucks, but it unfortunately happens.  > Another issue I have is a lot of YouTube guides are out of date with how people actually run the raids now.  Also, this really isn't true. While there will always be differences, it's mostly meta differences, or power creep changing the game (Riven). In terms of mechanics, they're exactly the same. Or, similar to the point where someone could tell you the difference and get it done in a single attempt.  That said, ask R/DestinySherpa. Someone might take you, just be clear you're looking to actually learn. It will reduce the total number of people willing, but if you're upfront about experience and helping others I wouldn't be shocked if someone helped.
should be able to find more ppl running those raids when they are the weekly rotator raid. The options mentioned by others here are good too
There’s and entire subreddit for sherpas.
My clan runs the old raids and teach all who are willing to learn during the weekends. feel free to message me in Reddit and we'll exchange usernames in game
You had me until the "bungie does not value players time" bit. I'm amazed people still say that unironically.
User error. Ran the challenge just fine earlier today. Every issue you're describing having can be chalked up to eirher misunderstanding mechanics, user error, or just mistakes that someone  in the fireteam didn't want to own up to. People are way too quick to blame the launchers or the nodes whenever they're usually the ones messing something up.
Yeah, sorry, it's a skill issue. The jump pads are a little janky, but all of the errors they cause are pretty easily recoverable.  Also, "the company behind it doesn't value its players time" lmfao
Hate to be a prick but... yeah user error, I do the running as a warlock, I don't well skate it and I have no issues with the launchers. Practice standing in the centre of it and holding S/down on your movement stick while jumping.
Ran the challenge on master in like 45 minutes. We had 2 instances of "wait why did challenge fail" and like 10 fails because of people being too slow or random wipes. Hell we made it to 29/30 nodes completed on our first try before one side had catastrophic failure and all 3 died at once causing a wipe. It's really not all that bad as you make it out to be and we aren't world beaters.
Had no issue on console limit your FPS I guess and see how it goes
Did master tonight and the challenge.  2nd encounter we had it soft lock 3 times where dark side couldn’t kill the shield guys.  We got it shortly after though so maybe 6 pulls.   Planet boss, dps did fine but instead of hitting the final stand he bugged out and was just immune so we wiped.  Yes we stood on the plates as we’ve done before.  Naz decided to not animate and just take damage a few times.  One time he jumped back to where he starts then went active for damage.  The amount of mobs teleporting was insane.  Maybe lag or something from the host by was insane.   Got master done in like 2 hours with lfg. Fun times but the raid team needs to fix the raid. Some core parts that I’ve seen posted by a handful of people and tonight I saw the soft lock myself. The adept weapons being weekly is lane imo.  Raid team needs to look in the mirror imo.
When 75% or more of the wipes in an encounter in the games pinnacle content are due to issues completely beholden to the developers of the game, you can not convince me that they value players time. When I spend time finding a group to play your game to get a challenge done in your game and you can't be bothered to make sure that the mechanics of said challenge... oh idk... work then yeah, you don't value my time. It's almost by definition
No, I'm sorry but you are completely wrong. Standing perfectly still in the middle of the jump pads, have the person across shoot me over, go at the speed of light, bounce off three walls, and die to architects (which isn't even supposed to happen anymore but it certainly still does).
I know but that phrase is basically a running joke around here.
Ah yes, it must be me, the guy with 14 clears, running in second encounter for all but 2 of those (and teaching someone else to run during one of those 2), who is wrong. It definitely couldn't be that you made mistakes/misunderstood mechanics/were going too fast/didn't mitigate for potential hiccups.  Nah dude, sorry, but the issue is with you and/or others on your team. I will admit that sometimes the jump pads can launch you at weird angles, leading to deaths or just not landing where you need to. However that is *not* a common occurence at all, and even less so when you're running with a coordinated team of people who are experienced in the encounter and know how to mitigate for the possible mishaps.  If you're getting launched from hell to breakfast and dying to the architects as you claim (which is already suspect because I haven't actually died once to impact damage since Lightfall, what probably happened is you were left a 1 HO and caught a stray bullet and it attributed the death to Architects since that's where the majority of the damage you took came from)...then it's most likely a case of either not backing up far enough against the catapult, or activating your jump/glide/lift at the wrong time.   As for launching up to the next floor, even going 3 at a time is absolutely safe and consistent if you do it right.   I think y'all just need more practice and patience.
If people are unable to see a perfectly valid phrase in the correct context without me "losing them" then their opinions on the matter are invalid
Yeah I havent been killed by a launch pad in the last 10 runs and I've done challenge 6 times so far. But just like in Garden people are always quick to blame it as a bug/glitch when they're just fucking something up
Ah, the classic narcissistic take of "if people don't fully understand and agree with my argument, then their opinions are entirely invalid". Lol, what a joke.
Okay but I'm still drinking everytime I see it posted, liver be damned.
Exactly! There are way too many Guardians who, any time something goes wrong in a raid, then they immediately assume the game is brokem or buggy, because of course they themselves must have done everything perfectly.  If people were more willing to be patient and experiment and practice instead of just expecting to always get things done quickly and efficiently, then we'd probably see less posts complaining about this kind of stuff in raids.   RoN and Garden made me think that they were buggy too at first, but after dedicating myself to earning the Enlightened title with my friends and then spending 12 hours on RoN in contest mode, I learned otherwise.
I pray for your liver in these trying times
Was just watching a little One Punch Man with my son (not a good idea).  That liver gonna be punched, boy. "Real Hard" - Nimrod
Surge stacks with everything
Perfect, thank you!
This guy is wrong, the mods do not stack only thing they stack with is weapon buffs and a couple off cases.  Radiant is kind of best/worst imo because if you want to do a decay build you should free up all the radiant stuff for other fragment if you want to use kickstarts use radiant
Just tested, and they do in fact stack. Multiplicatively, I think. Was doing 112K to Ferkis on Europa with 4x Izanagi’s shot, then 136K with 3 Surge mods, 140K with Radiant, and 170K with both active. It’s awesome 😆
Oooo good to know
If you run Melee Orbmaker (sometimes incorrectly called Heavy Handed 😛), it makes it easy to put both buffs on yourself at once, if you’re looking to really buff up your damage, like for oneshotting champions, or whatever 😈
After placement, there should be a rose awarded for 3 additional games. If that milestone is not indicated, you might be locked out until next week.
Well yeah, why would it? The progress is character based.
Is it in your postmaster? If not you probably have to play the 3 comp matches for the week.
Try playing three more.
It's not character based, 7 matches on any characters will end the series, but if it is not on a single one it won't give the reward.
skill issue
Sounds like any character progressing is a bug, their quests and bounties don't usually work like that.
Old bug called RNG
Doom is the only thing I can get in KF, and it's annoying
Why are you even farming it, just do the raid weekly for 2 red borders.
What do you mean? Like the weekly red border chest you can do?
Red border chest and you can buy 1 red border of your choice per week from the shop after oryx. Farming red borders by spaming 1 encounter is a waste of time.
Holy fucking shit I’m stupid. Thanks bro 👍 you’ve saved me a lot of time
Start a legendary campaign mission and instead of actually doing it go into a lost sector
That didn’t work
That actually would work?
This season doesn't have Throneworld in rotation for legendary lost sectors but eventually another season will.
You can just use blues pulled from collections for a total cost of 2331 glimmer.
Agreed, Cebrus Is what I think more exotics should be like: unique. Not an objectively better version of a weapon type, but something that mixes up your play style.
Cerberus, like all High Impact autos needs a flat pve buff in first place. That alone would make it strong.
Facts
I dare them to give it target lock
Jesus Christ that would be amazing
It's alt-fire needs a buff, because currently it underperforms by a wide margin.
I'm really interested to see the catalyst mode with the new auto rifle buff. Its as easy as ever to get in people's //combatants faces, could be a decent shotty for mowing down redbars and possibly yellows.  Tremors would be dope!
it's getting a 25% dmg buff in a week or two.  the problem with cerby is that it's catty does nothing for it. the nerf to the range and RoF completely negates any benefit you'd gain from the tighter cluster and higher dmg.  and rather bungie just lazily add a legendary perk to the catty, I'd much rather see the catalyst reworked to actually be useful
Absolutely not. I don't want to trade defensive capability for offensive.
Wont happen, they have made chest specifically for mostly defensive purposes which is sadly far too useful for higher end content so they dont want it to compete with anything meaningful.
Claw of ahamkara is leaked to give heavy handed along with its extra charge.  Getting a free firepower mod would be nice with armamentarium
Why should it do more? Getting a second grenade charge is already really strong. The reason it doesn't do more is because it works on every grenade in the game..   All other exotics that give extra charges are tied to a specific grenade, so it makes sense for there to be more.
iirc - in D1 it gave you extra special and heavy ammo.
Not possible right now unless Xur or Banshee happens to sell it
Your etymology is a little off  >The word Antarctica comes from the Greek language, antarktikos, which means “opposite to the Arctic”. In turn, Arctic comes from the Greek word arktikos, which means “of the bear”, in reference to the northern constellation called Osa Menor, in which is the Polar Star, which marks the North Pole.
Thanks! Weird internet lore is often wrong; I’ve corrected the post.
Select the neomuna tab on triumphs and look in the top right.   That is the number you have to get to 1400, doing triumphs in that node will increase it.
How can i make my vendor icons stop flashing?  My gambit and nimbus icon has been flashing for  over a week now but i have nothing to claim by them and i already finished the weekly mission for both.
When was that mid-season tuning pass happening on primaries?
I'm spending way more time raiding recently trying to get the last few exotics I need. Here's my problem: it is hard for me to find reliable data on what the exotic drop chances are for each raid.  It seems like different raids have different base drop chances, different mechanics for increasing drop chance (like whether clears increasing the drop chance is per-character or per-account), some exotics having bad-luck protection and some seemingly not having bad-luck protection?  Is there a resource out there that explains the drop chances, and how to increase your drop chances, for every individual raid exotic?
If I focus weapons with Zavala, like Hung Jury for example, will they also drop with 2-3 perks in each column after multiple resets?
Just wanted to double check but in Eruption you only appear through the walls if you're primed, but not if you're Surging?
Is it possible to get 100K in the weekly mission this week on the default difficulty?
I’m having trouble pulling the Iron Banner challenges. They don’t show up when I select IB and Saladin doesn’t have anything for me.  Am I missing something?
For the Triumph for the Iron Lord Seal, is it two resets in a single season, or can I do one reset now and one reset next season?
It's a longstanding visual bug, vendors just flash sometimes when they have nothing for your to claim. Bungie has fixed it 2 or 3 times but it always pops back up, so you just have to learn to ignore it.
No information on that other than mid-season. A lot of people are guessing it will be on Tuesday, but it at least seems likely that it would go live before Mars Battleground GM starts on the 18th as it needs a bit of tweaking.
There is no hard, verifiable data on raid exotic drop rates out there, despite what some people may claim. Only Bungie knows the true drop rates/chances.   However, through extensive community testing/data gathering, it's theorized that Vex Mythoclast and Touch of Malice have 5% drop chance. I think community testing has showed other raids to have similar drop chances for their exotics.  Last Wish has I believe around a 10% drop chance for 1,000 Voiced, but it has bad luck protection that can increase the drop rate up to 50% after something like 20 clears.   Lastly, there is Root of Nightmares, and I don't think there's enough community data sourced to theorize about drop rates yet, but it's honestly probably safe to assume it's 5%. Completing certain Triumphs for the raid does increase the drop chance for the shotgun, but we don't have any hard numbers on the boosts they give. However I will say that in my 14 clears of RoN, I have seen more people get the shotgun with less clears under their belt, than any previous raid. The drop rate boosts from the Triumph absolutely make a difference.
Short answer: no  I don't think Bungie has officially commented on bad luck protection since vog. They confirmed that it was per character, and that repeated runs in the same week even when it's featured wouldn't increase your chances  Raid exotic drops are rare enough that we mostly don't have useful community data. I think 5% is the baseline
Last Wish and Deepstone Crypt are the only 2 with drop protection.  Bungie published drop rates for One Thousand Voices showing an increase to 10% drop rate with protection bumping that up to 50% after 20 weeks of clears.  Eyes of Tomorrow has a mechanic that is supposed to increase it to a 100% drop rate after an unknown number of weekly clears. Its initial drop rate appeared to be 5%.  Vex Mythoclast was modeled to be a 5% drop rate after scraping data from the API.  I haven't seen numbers on anything else, but Conditional Finality does have drop rate increases tied to completing triumphs in the raid. No idea on how far these push the drop rate up.
There’s no data outside the stuff Bungie has published, and even then they’ve only really seemingly done some hard numbers on Last Wish. They commented on Bad Luck for Deep Stone, but beyond that noting really exists. Best to not worry about it. The only things that matter are that you can farm them on rotator weeks and it’s not uncommon for it to take a lot of clears.
Nightfall weapons don’t get the bonus perks, sorry
Its once you hit 5 kills
No, not on Hero. On legend you just barely get it.
I don't believe so, because even on Legend difficulty, getting 100K isn't guaranteed without some optimization and possibly resorting to some revive farming.
When you select IB, on the right there’s a big green button to start and on the left there’s a “!” symbol, it’s supposed to tell you how many bonuses you have and stuff. When you hover over it, what does it say?  Also, are you at 1750 already?
If you hover over the iron banner node it should show you the challenges. It’s just running IB with a certain subclass.    If you’ve already been playing you might have completed them. After you select IB hover over the grey icons (where the modifiers are) to see if you are getting extra rep for completing them.
Do you know if that protection is retro active? When DSC was new, I cleared it 36 times with zero EOT rocket launcher. I stopped playing. If I now play it again, will it drop, or do I have to play 20 weeks again for a max chance?
But is Hung Jury a 100% nightfall-only weapon? I just got it this week, but I definitely didn’t run any nightfalls (this week), only vanguard strikes.
Yup found this the hard way. Need 130k on legend NF to get journey lvl 8.   Guess I’m waiting another week
I see the bonus multiplier (1.4x) - no challenges completed and I only have one piece of IB armor on. LL 1748.
No… is that required? Doesn’t say so anywhere… I’ll feel dumb if that’s it. :)
It doesn’t.
Bungie never published anything saying they were removing the protection so it should still be in place unless they stealth nerfed it. It was bugged for a while to not increment the count properly, but that was supposed to be fixed years ago.
Yep, it is a NF only weapon, so if you got one, it was definitely from a Nightfall at some point. Unless you just focused one from Zavala and forgot you did that.
Nightfall only
The challenges don't show up until you're 1750, because they're pinnacles. I think you can still progress/complete them.
What the other guy said - IB gives pinnacles, so you need to be 1750  Go to destinyoptimizer.com login and see if any other fast pinnacles or powerfuls are available to you right now
I mean, it’s still in my item feed in DIM. I got an 1809 Ikelos SR (pinnacle), then 1807 Hung Jury, and 1807 The Number (both on level). I did get one from nightfall ages ago (season 16-17?), but didn’t focus one this season yet, because I wanted to wait until a couple more resets.   https://i.imgur.com/L8MUr5e.jpg
That is the old version of Hung Jury that is dropping from the week 4 seasonal challenge. If you haven't run any nightfalls in the last 3 weeks, it seems that the challenge might be completing from running normal strikes instead of just nightfalls.   If you get one from a nightfall this season it will have a different icon.
Ohhh, that explains it, that could be it, thank you! I did run glassway nightfall but didn’t claim the challenge then, and then claimed a bunch this week, so I guess that’s where I got it from  Thanks again
Solo you're in there for a few phases, sorry, pal.  Hate that place with a passion. Already commented on it twice tonight.  Have fun! har har
Gathering Storm with Stareaters/ Tether /Celestial Nighthawk GG/ Bubble/T-Crash /Well with appropriate surge mods and Sleeper/Witherhoard+Cataclysmic/ my personal favorite Leviathans Breath and a any Trace/Fusion for the eyes (Cartesian coordinate with vorpal and boss spec works pretty well in my exp)    Edit: will still be 3 to 4 phases depending on the execution
 luna well, ward with bastion rally barricade, or stareaters gathering storm. Run an smg or trace for the eyes, a good linear, and witherhoard. Leviathans breath is very good too but needs the catalyst. Could take anywhere from 4-8 phases, good luck
Use Forerunner for the 12 eyes. One taps them, gives you lots of time to do damage. Craft a taipan. Use that exclusively for damage, I put triple tap and... focused fury I think for my perks, and also since I'm on Titan would thundercrash + cuirass of the fallingstar it before shooting with the linear. Took me maybe 8 phases tops. It's meant for 3 people so be patient, don't let that damage on the first phase discourage you. Hide under the little walkways on each corner to kill harpies.
(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻  Arggghhhhhh!
Trials won’t be active if iron banner is active
Trials doesn’t have sbmm it’s all card based. If it had sbmm then theoretically no one would ever go flawless
Trials will be active on almost every weekend that IB is not active. Exceptions to this are usually early weekends of a newly released season and weekends where a raid is released into the game. Trials will be active week 1 of next season as an exception to the exception I mentioned because of no power increase.
Only play when its increased xp and when there's freelance
Yes but im talking about next week after iron bonner ends
So its pretty much impossible to play with randoms   I mean i already knew that i can win 4 in a row then lose them its really unpredictable, with sbmm it would be more fair for people who play solo
Whats the difference between reg and freelance?
It’s available every weekend that doesn’t already have another event, so none this week but yes next week and every other week this season other than the third Iron Banner week and when Guardian Games is live
it's not. I go flawless each week there was solo queue, and now every week with the new fireteam based matchmaking. It's not easy, but by no means impossible.  Further more SBMM will never make sense with trials, they are fundamentally misaligned. With trials the goal is to win 7 games I'm a row, where the entire goal of SBMM is for all players to be as close to a 50% win rate as possible.
I play trials solo and love that there is no sbmm. It’s just chill cards and the randomness makes them fun.
First off, don't listen to them, play Trials whenever you want, increased reputation or not. The more you play the more loot you'll get and the more you'll improve and therefore be able to earn loot/rep faster over time (primarily because wins give you more rep).   Second, there is no longer any Freelance queue for Trials, there's only the one queue. It now has lobby balancing, so that if you queue in solo, you're far more likely to play against other solos, or against a 2-stack while you're paired with a 2 stack. The chances of you matching against a 3 stack while running solo are practically zero. I've played a ton of Trials this season, mostly solo, and have yet to face a 3 stack unless I am in a 3 stack myself.
If you are on controller I think you want to unbind auto melee. Just having the charged and uncharged melee bound to the same button should always prioritize the charged when available no matter the distance to target. Auto melee will pick your fist if you’re to close
There are specific key binds in settings that prioritizes charged melees or only uses the charged melee. Once you find that bind in your settings, you can then use charged melees (like the mini-hammer) when in normal melee range.
Thank you! Just did it and it works
Seasonal stuff sunsets once a new expansion is out
Ah ok so the only reason it's gone is cos we are in a new year?
Yeah, once Lightfall hit, all seasonal activities from The Witch Queen was sunsetted
To be slightly pedantic, the content was *vaulted*. Sunset refers to capping power level on gear.
Finish the New Light campaign. At the end, you’ll get quests allowing you to unlock Stormcaller (Arc) and Dawnblade (Solar)  If you own Beyond Light, Shadebinder (Stasis) can be obtained by completing the Beyond Light campaign, and the aspects/fragments can be unlocked through post campaign quests.  If you own Lightfall, Broodweaver (Strand) can be obtained by completing the Lightfall campaign. After that, you can start obtaining Strand Meditations, which will allow you to buy aspects/fragments/grenades.
According to [Light.gg](https://Light.gg), it comes from Eververse.   https://www.light.gg/db/items/1533314819/vestian-hawk/
Thanks mate - any idea what the unknown ship might be.
It's probably for the end of the season or Guardian Games related.
not a clue. I don't pay attention to any leaks.
Heroic public events.
exchange at rahool or public events
ghost mod
rainmaker + ghost glimmer mod + heroic public events
always the intrinsic meaning overload will never work on it
I find it terribly annoying that anti-overload smg cancels the ability to use volatile rounds on barrier champs despite the fact that neither are intrinsic
thank you
I think I got it on my 4th run which was kinda lucky. Too bad it’s straight dogshit in this game
it rare
congrats, that's big lucky  most people I know got it in around 20 runs. the worst I know of was a guy that got it on run 60
currenty at my 33rd run, give or take. I dont even play Kf anymore.
Took me about 30 clears. Absolutely wasn’t worth the effort and the catalyst is equal in disappointment.
Rare?   It’s a 5% door or something.
What weapon are you using? Because you might have just not noticed.   AFAIK, sprint cancelling has never actually let you fire earlier than letting the animation finish, but rather just let you run while you’re waiting. Might be wrong tho.
It depends on the weapon. Slower rpm weapons were never able to fire instantly when reload canceling.   Two tailed fox for example is a bit odd, and trying to reload cancel actually slows down the fire rate it seems. There's a sweet spot of timing with it.  Trigger lock happens a lot with izanagi and TTF I've noticed the most.idk if they actually made a change tho I BB think it's just weapon specific
You never noticed. It’s been this way for years, if you reload cancel it makes you wait the same amount of time the animation would’ve taken.
When do you say “used to”? this was changed years ago literally when they nerfed reload swap changes right after izanagi burden was released in black armory. There is a reload animation cap no matter how many reloaders you put or cancels you executed it was capped. That’s why ophidians became the go to for that in particular even then it was capped. People kept asking for ophidians to be nerfed but a lot of people forget there was reload/cancel nerf across the board for the entire game due to DPS strats etc..
Feels that way.  Have noticed something feels diff in PvE, especially when using an LMG.  I hate myself quite a bit but not enough to bother with PvP at any length or with any seriousness in this game.
They changed it a long long time ago to where any given gun has a set reload speed and even if you cancel the animation the gun will not fire until that time has passed. You cannot animation cancel to fire early on any weapon anymore and it's been this way for years now.
Apparently the time where I'm unable to fire is just the window for the actual weapon reload animation. I probably never noticed it because a lot of the weapons I used to use in PvP were rapid fire frames or have alloy mag which have shorter reload times on low ammo. I've been using a lot of weapons with slower reloads recently and that's probably why I notice it more. Feels weird that something that's existed for a long time in shooters is intentionally prevented, but oh well. Now I know at least.
Yeah I've noticed it more on slower rpm weapons or just weapons with slow reloads in general. It does feel like certain weapons get trigger locked, like you said Izanagi or TTF, I'm not too sure on other weapons but at least now I know that reload canceling doesn't actually speed up reloading.
Well I guess that's the time I remember since around that time is when I started playing. I only started playing again S18/19 and only played mostly PvP this season lol.
Yeah they nerfed cancels/reload animations. Lunafaction used to auto reload they took away everything that made reloading/cancel/reload cancel shots away. Ophidians is the closest you’re going to get into still performing those old techniques.
Nope
didn’t know food was being served in the tower
pattern 🤔👍👌🦾
In the future maybe but as of now no.There are alternatives.Thunderlord,spire of the watcher lmg,neomuna strand smg,commemoration from deep stone raid
Fomo’d
i cry
it was available for the entire last season
They said they’re a returning player, they likely weren’t playing last season.
But why male models?
It too me to rank 60 to finish my red borders i cant even imagine not being done by then
it took me 218 heroic patrols to get all the red borders for the Neomuna weapons you just got to keep grinding they have a 5% chance to drop as a red border.
Heres a thought noone has suggested to you… it would be time consuming as well, but considering how bad the rng is, its likely still faster than heroic farms.  If you are utilizing all 3 character slots, just make a new character, run the campaign, do the post wuests for red borders, delete and do it again.  Like i said, its slow, but likely still faster than dealing with rng..
Am I doing something wrong?
Damn.....thats insane! wtf?!
1 red border for me - 2 at the most - it sucks that we can’t focus them until we get the pattern - the drop rate is ridiculously low - this will be patched - soon I’d hope
I just have given up
I was in the same boat until this week. The best way to get neomuni weapon patterns is to do the campaign, and from zero to hero, on three different characters. I didn’t have a single red border drop from heroic missions until this week and then I got all 5 remaining patterns that I needed. They’re there just super inconsistent.
I haven’t seen a single one. I’m at 0/5 for all of them.
And that’s the only farm? Because it seems strange that none have come up otherwise.
No you are doing something perfectly right  You are spending shit ton of hours on mid location just like Bungie intended
Did you unlock the regular versions of the neomuna weapons?
Did you do the zero to hero quests for any of the characters? I’m pretty sure they guarantee a red border I know one is for the hand cannon and the other is the sniper if you do it on all 3 characters its 3/5 for them. For the other 3 guns at least for me I did the legendary campaign and got 3/5 for them but idk if they give that for regular campaign.
Cursed man. Im really sorry to hear that
I did go about 20 ranks between my 4/5 and my 5/5 for my round robin but to get no red borders? Thats insane
as far as I know thats the only way to get them heroic patrols of ranking up nimbus or doing the weekly Partition mission heroic patrols are the fastest way.
Yes I have about 20 of each from rank ups and patrols.
Yes I did these, but before doing the Enclave quest. So the red border is not guaranteed.
You do all the neomuna quests and strand quests?
No idea might want to talk to support about this then
Yep! I got strand 100% done and got the Exotic Glaive
If I remember correctly the neomuna quests post campaign reward a weapon and its usually red border.Your luck must be worse than usual
This seems to go beyond RNG. I’ve received over a hundred neomuna weapons. Something has to be wrong and I’m not sure what it is.
Do you have crafting unlocked
I mentioned it in the post, but for about a third of the time on neomuna, no.
[removed]
mid season patch is suppose to fix that
i mean depends where you getting them a good amount are in legend LS first then i depends on class, then most of all depends on the DLC you own
From lost sectors or just random exotic drops? Some of each class has lost sector exclusive exotics and won't drop at all until you unlock it there, and I'm not sure if not owning certain dlcs would affect certain exotic drops
Are your exotic drops always armor?  It might be the case that you have all the exotics that can drop randomly already. By my count there are 28 titan exotic armors and 10 exotic weapons that you can get from world drops with no DLC.
Yeah I did a bunch of lost sector runs trying to get Fallen Sunstar then found out I needed to buy Witch Queen first
I dont own any dlcs because of the price. And im a solo player, so the legendary lost sectors are damn near impossible for me. I did buy the season pass, which is where most of my exotic engrams come from. Also, I've gotten lucky with stumbling across exotic engrams randomly. I guess I just have really bad luck lately. Thanks for the quick responses
Exotic engrams have a limited puddle of exotics they can give.
I mean lost sector exotics come from doing it solo, so being a solo player doesn’t exclude you from those.
Random world drop exotic engrams function on a knockout system. You will *always* get either a gun you haven't unlocked that you can unlock or a piece of armor that you haven't unlocked and can unlock. If you are getting dupe armor that means you own every exotic gun and armor for your class that you can get from random exotic drops. Keep in mind you can't get any exotics from the years of  Shadowkeeep, Witch Queen or Lightfall without owning that expansion.
Sounds like you got stick drift. Usually just a symptom of controllers getting old.   If you want to fix it there are some YouTube tutorials and parts you can buy to fix them.
This is a long, loooong standing issue with Destiny and controllers (most had the issue with PS4 controllers). In short, don't play while charging it and, don't overcharge the controller.  You don't need to buy a new controller if this is the only game it happens on and it's just the slow turn bug.  Trust, I spent years trying to figure it out and there isn't really a 'fix'.
Just buy a new one? Or buy new one and swap the old out and return it
so you’re saying playing with cable in/overcharge causes the issue permanently or temporarily with destiny or?
custom on the way
Temporarily, but it can come back at anytime for no good reason. If you do a bit of digging on Google, there was some thread I came across one time a few years ago that basically confirmed it as a bug.
I know but you can buy a new ps4 controller and swap them out and return to store so you get a new one lol
ok, i play wired rn but when i returned i played mixed with bluetooth, i’ll try only bluetooth and let you know
It’s nuts how much Stasis has been neglected in the last year, especially with how many miss the fact that Stasis was nerfed to match the power of *Light 2.0* and has remained in this way. There’s more and more of us (including myself) making concepts to improve it, because it’s fallen that far behind.
These would be awesome. I’m praying Behemoth eventually becomes more fun. The melee sucks the kit limits what you can do with the aspects + you have to use two abilities to kill anyone.
I’ve seen some bad takes on how to improve stasis but these all genuinely seem really good and like a ton of fun. Great job!
One thing about this game I’ve always loved is the passion from some of the fans. Look at this mf reworking an entire elemental subclass. Good shit bro. Go apply to bungie. Love the ideas.
These are really cool concepts. I like the Warlock melee idea of shattering, since they don't have a lot of options outside of the super. I always thought a cool super idea for Stasis Warlock would be to summon a dark cloud and rain down razor shard hail onto an area for boss damage (similar in size to Gathering Storm), but this Thunderdome idea is rad.
I love the ideas for stasis titan  2.0
These are a lot of fun. As a Titan main I really loved the coldspot idea that you have. Don't love the melees so much, but overall, love the direction you're going with!
I can't speak to Titan or Hunter since I'm a Warlock main and literally only *just* unlocked Behemoth, but here's some of my suggestions for fixing Shadebinder:  * Winter's Wrath:  Instead of firing a one-two burst of projectiles, fire a spread of 3 projectiles, and they freeze in a fairly wide AoE on impact.  This gives it significantly better crowd control. * Penumbral Blast:  Revert to Beyond Light launch range and tracking, at least in PvE.  The tracking and range are pretty pathetic, especially compared to the void ball and Arcane Needle, which both have better range and, especially in the ball's case, *significantly* more aggressive tracking. * Frostpulse:  It needs some kind of change since Frostpulse is basically useless and nobody uses it unless they're doing some gimmicky Vesper of Radius build, but I can't think of much to change it tbh.    Additionally, I'd add a new class ability:  * Skate:  Activate your class ability to quickly skate across the ground.  Puts you in a buffed state with faster straight-line movement speed, but slower turn rate.  Activate your class ability again to disengage, skidding to a halt and freezing nearby targets.  (Kickstart My Heart:  cold edition.)
>Cage of Rime (New super) - Summon your Stasis staff into the sky and form a large dome of Stasis energy that grants allies inside damage resistance and movement speed. The staff will occasionally pulse out waves that shatters frozen targets. (6:57 cooldown, radius about the size of the starting room of King's Fall, lasts 30 seconds, 50% damage resist, staff pulses every 2 seconds, staff lingers after activation and can be destroyed)  >radius about the size of the starting room of Kings Fall  Bro that's like a third to a half the size of an average PvP map, and yes I'm just talking about the spawn room.
yall are insane warlock stasis with osmio is bananas in PvP.
I’m not reading all that 👍🏻
While I get that Revenant is the "slowing" subclass, stasis slow as a whole is very ineffective as a verb. It causes no change in PvE combatant behavior aside from them physically moving slower, but it wasn't like I had Hive Knights and Shanks rapidly zooming across the battlefield anyway.   I feel like Slow itself needs a buff, such as greatly reducing enemy fire rate as well. This could also come with a general purpose freeze buff that gives it a purpose beyond "a worse Suspend" as well, such as increasing freeze-shatter damage or slightly increasing damage to frozen targets (instead of -5%, it could be +5%).
My gripe with stasis is that it doesn’t have any buffs. Void has devour, over shield and invisibility. Solar has cure, restoration and radiant. Arc has amplified and speed boost. And strand has woven mail.  Sure stasis has shards and crystals however with light fall now having a collectible of every subclass the only unique ‘buff’ stasis has are the crystals.
How do you get that background image in your post?
> It’s nuts how much Stasis has been neglected in the last year  I don't really understand where this sentiment is coming from, it's only been "neglected" in the last year because every other subclass finally got top to bottom overhauled. It's not neglecting Stasis to really focus on the other 3/4ths of our subclasses for the first time since forsaken the ecpansion after stasis got released.  Stasis has only started to fall behind with lightfall and we are still in the first season of the expansion so it's too early to consider it "neglected".
I hate how PvP basically gutted the melee  There was no problem with the mobility
It would be impossible to balance a melee between pvp and pve
Then don't think yourself of fucking clever for saying something this childish and just skip it, no need to post about it.
Why the fuck did you decide to post here then?
Disagree.  Stasis IS falling behind since light 3.0. Why first freezing a target with less end dmg when I can just throw a thunderstorm grenate and whipe every thread instantly and spam able? This goes for all light 3.0. abilities. Not to mention the lack of a 2nd super, grenades (actually dmg grenades), melee abilities and outdated aspects/fragments.   No stasis is not falling behind since strand/Lightfall. It was falling behind before too. It's just MORE falling behind since Lightfall because strand right now is better at literally everything when it comes to crowd control AND the ultimate lack of mods for stasis.  So I do understand why people complain about it. I love stasis too and I want to main it, but if you are not a warlock, there is no reason to use it besides "I just love stasis".
Not really   Bungie just choose to stick to their stupid philosophy of “feels the same everywhere” thing, when there’s a very good reason game’s separate the sandboxes
ok yeah sure its been neglected since light 3.0 but the rest of platonics comment is true. Stasis hasn't been looked at because they've been making light 3.0/strand. After these are tuned up I bet stasis gets a balance pass with some new fragments along with stasis surge for the season its updated in. People overreacting its not nearly as bad as light 1.0 was for buildcrafting/usefulness and it will be updated soon (they literally have no other subclass to update, its ez free content for bungie they will update it).
IF they will look into stasis in the near future again I do agree.  However Bungie is pretty quiet about this. There is no transperency about all the stasis complains which I honestly do understand.  I too bet that stasis will get any kind of buff soon... But as long as Bungie keep beeing quiet about all this, people (me included), have to take the current state of stasis which is underperforming right now.
What do almost all of these weapons have in common I wonder. Could it be that they predate the introduction of origin traits and haven’t been reissued since?  And then you listed a bunch of blues they obviously aren’t going to waste time updating.
I’m not sure on all of them but if these physical weapons were acquired before bungie rolled out origin traits for then they wouldn’t retroactively get the origin traits afaik.
Unlease the legendaries (ignoring the blues) you listed get an updated perk pool or are released in some way, they are not getting origin traits.   I vaguely remember hearing bungie say that implementing origin traits retroactively on weapons (meaning weapons already in your inventory or vault) was near impossible.
This was a waste of a post weapons before foundry’s don’t have them
edit out every blue weapon here. it's not happening and nobody wants it to happen to blues. good suggestion, but that's just unnecessary bloat.
Me when I update the weapons for new drops to have the origin traits without touching their perk pool (it has been done before)
Oh no yeah I don't expect them to retroactively add the Origin Traits to already aquired weapons. I'd just like for future drops to have them
I mean, nothing's stopping them from simply making new drops from the same weapons have the Origin Trait. Keep the original perk pool and all, just making them drop with the Origin Traits
Me when I update weapons to further drop with origin traits without updating the perk pool
also punching out quite literally has the suros trait
plus a ton of these are just "because it looks like it" which is not 100% indicative of a foundry. this post is DOA until you clean this up.
I did not notice Punching Out was reprised on Witch Queen, my bad. Editing that one out
It's not "because it looks like it". Foundry weapons have set rules for frame models and name conventions all the way from D1. Cassoid, Nadir, Crux/Lomar, Tex Mechanica etc all do this.  Furthermore, if you go inspect a weapon with an associated foundry, it usually pops up in the upper-left corner.  The only exceptions to this rule are some (3) of the Tex Mechanica ones, where you could say a different foundry (Nadir/Cassoid/FOTC) commissioned/modified an already existing Tex frame or viceversa.
If FOMO didn't exist I think the player base would dip a bit, or at least play time, woops.
If you think the Calus SMG was impacting player retention, I don't know what to tell you.  That thing was available for nine months.
Tbf, if the game needs FOMO to stick around, then the developers aren't doing a great job.  Btw, I didn't mean to be able to spam the quests. Just maybe like 3 bounties a week or something on rotation that can be done. So 3 patterns per week. That would still take forever to get the patterns you need.
You're talking about 1 weapon but ok.
RNG is RNG is all I can say. My playtime the last month has dropped dramatically to like 3 times a week, 1 hour session each.  I only need 2 more patterns of Round Robin and I have all the new patterns. I didn't really farm for any of it, I just did my usual thing (which is not actively farm for these things) around Neomuna, defiant bg's, etc.  -edit- forgot I purchased probably 3 or so red borders from the war table (been busy, didn't grab them each week). Get 1 red weekly.
Yeah I've seen one Round Robin and one pulse so far. Honestly, I want a Retrofit, and the Tripwire Canopy. And you can't get the patterns for either anymore. Maybe someday Bungie will let us get the pattern for those again.
That's the shit that makes people go nuts about patterns.  IF they don't get them ASAP they are afraid they will miss them (FOMO) even though the majority of them are shit, so they whine like babies (not you).
I seriously doubt you waited 5 minutes to join any activity
It’s not like 5 mins on more obscure stuff like empire hunts lol idk what op is talking about
And even then 5 minutes isn't really that long...
Sounds like he has cross play off.
If you don't have a good linear, do the crafting tutorial quests, get a taipan, and use that. Triple tap Frenzy is the solo roll I'd recommend.  With such ready access to volitile this season, it's great.  Witherhoard, hollow denial or other legendary trace, taipan.  One mag of the trace to take the eyes out, stick the boss with hoard, and start blasting with the linear.  Solo flawless is an endurance and execution test first and foremost. It's gonna take a lot of phases but keep a cool head and execute.
Sadly that fight is very limited to high precision weapons like linears so you gonna want one, taipan is a great one cuz its craftable, sleep simulant is also a great choice since its from the kiosk, i hear leviathan's breath+its catalyst is pretty good too
You have infinite phases
You can get Sleeper Simulant from the monument
You get more time the faster you pop eyes. I just used sleeper. Try and make sure you have surges and a damage buff and/debuff going
Whisper and Sleeper both work great, but there is no reason not to craft a Taipan, which also works well. As others have said, breaking the eyes faster means more time for actual damage. SMGs and especially trace rifles do this the best. To break eyes faster and do more damage, match your energy and heavy weapon element and run surge mods to buff them both. You can easily farm the goblins for orbs right before damage and go in with 1 min+ of buff time if you’re built into it. Subclass also matters. Use one that can debuff him or buff you. I think the best setup is Solar (for radiant) with void weapons (Hollow Denial and Taipan), this also leaves your exotic slot free for Witherhoard which is just free damage. Keep at it and test out what works for you. Good set ups can do this boss in 3-4 phases pretty consistently.
I tried Levi’s and sleeper, both just kinda had disappointing damage. imma keep trying and just try to stick with it for 16 phases lol
Yeah but I’m getting like, 1/16 of its health and that’s gonna take forever
16 phases seems like a lot for those weapons, think i did 12-13 phases one time i was playing with strand warlock super(which sucks for that boss)+strand target lock machine gun which also sucks for that boss.  How quickly are you dropping down the eyes before dps starts? Usually with a trace rifle you wouldnt need a single reload if you shoot>stop to move to next eye>shoot cuz if you have to reload often you might be losing dps time from that.     I think with crafted taipan on a warlock, without any damage boost from surge mods since buff runs out before dps starts and just the weapon from grenade it took me around 6-7 phases
Unpopular opinion to wreck my karma some more (as if I cared), but I'd skip this shit.  It's such a slog it's not even worth it alone. You'll get it done and you'll feel like it was a major waste of time, watch.  That being said, have fun in there (you won't). Rank that one as one of the worst dungeons ever.  Did it once and never step foot in there again.
No its gonna take 16 phases. I reccomend starfire spam if not use ur best rocket
Yeah I’m prolly just messing up with the eyes
I really don't like Spire :( I liked it on day one, when we were learning it, but a combination of things has made it my least favourite dungeon by a mile and I NEVER want to do it.  45 respawn timer in a jumping section. Extremely beefy bosses. The fucking *fans* - again, with a 45 second respawn timer. (Mostly it's the traversal sections that piss me off - Duality is more forgiving, and it has a jump that hunters need to "cheat" or minmax to land)  The only thing I like about Spire is shooting the nodes in the Akelous encounter (I like the layout there, I think it's neat) and the fact that the Akelous model is the same as the Consecrated Mind - Garden is my favourite raid and I adore the fluffy harpy 💞
It's shit.  I like being a floaty warlock but jumping around like a monkey solo gets so tiring in that place. The health on that boss is stupid as well.  Once was enough.
Lightfall standard edition includes the current season pass. The only reason you *wouldn't* get access is if you happen to be game sharing and didn't actually buy it yourself
Oh I didn’t know that it came with the season pass and he’s always game sharing with his brother so that’s probably why
Just so you know there's more than the ghost one and standard one, such as 1 person facing the wrong way initially before turning around.
Never seen it
Yeah decided to get beyond light to try stasis and one of the requirements to unlock an ability is to get powered melee kills in the crucible, so glad it’s mayhem rn, cause it is trash
Probably the same place “long term development is for new gambit maps” from two years ago went.   Stasis Titan needs a new melee badly. I’m honestly not sure what to do for Hunter  But to make stasis decent in pvp give it a grenade that can actually do damage and applies a small slow stack  If we don’t get a 6th subclass with final shape I hope Bungie takes the time to focus on Stasis and Strand with that expansion and give them second supers, a few new abilities and aspects.
Stasis needs some buffs if I'm being honest. It was nerfed to keep it balanced with the light subclasses pre 3.0 and now it can't even keep up with arc, solar, void, and even strand now.....this is coming from a former behemoth main too.
Titan stasis melee is the worst thing ever and is in no way good in any content
I wouldn’t argue that at all. It’s terrible and the lack of options is really the killing point for stasis imo
The thing about stasis is it isn’t really a DPS subclass. It’s basically all add management which is totally fine. The shitty part is why would I run a subclass that is based around add clear when literally every other subclass has DPS and add clear?
Strand literally powercrept stasis outside of osmo warlocks. Like why would anyone run stasis if they had the option
Stasis got hella power crept on. Not just by strand tho, but by light 3.0 as well.
I'll preface this by saying without knowing the actual weight of each consideration it's impossible to be 100% correct in knowing why any match gave the points it did. That said I looked through your destiny tracker and found some things.  First is that of your wins 3 of them you yourself did poorly in at roughly a .5 kd. A poor personal performance will cause you to gain fewer points. Similarly 3 of your loses were also a poor performance. This would cause you to lose more points on a lose.  There's also the confidence of each player to consider. If you play against someone where the system has a low confidence of where their exact skill level is then you'll gain fewer points on a win.  Lastly there's the issue of expectations. If your team was expected to win and you lost you'll lose more points than normal. Similarly if you were expected to win and you won then you won't get as many points.
That means you got carried lol
Had the same issue last season. 65% win rate across 120 games but still somehow lost points.
A few days ago I played a VERY long session of Competitive with 2 friends of mine. I went from around 4000 to now around 7800. We would all announce how many points we’d get for the win. At least 7 of the matches we won, my other two friends got 120-200 points while I got the minimum of 5. It was honestly so frustrating. The weird thing was, when they got 5 points for a win, I got at least 100 points.  Bungie did say in a TWAB a while back that they wanted to more clearly explain what caused you to gain/lose points each match. However, like many things, this seems to be one those ideas they talk about changing/improving in a TWAB and then never actually following through with it yet alone mentioning it ever again. Remember when they said they wanted to make it so when you are reviving a teammate in Gambit, it would stop the auto-respawn? In that same TWAB they also said they wanted to make it so if your team motes are draining, simply having a team member near the bank will stop the draining.
Sorry I really don't want to sound belligerent but outside of high rank clout, what is there to be gained from the competitive playlist? In the past we had Pinnacle weapons to grind for like Mountaintop, Not Forgotten, etc but what do we get now?
Comp is trash right now, you also group with the same 6 people at any given time because no one plays pvp. It's quickly becoming the next gambit.
It's threads like this that convince me to never bother trying Competitive, even just for the few matches to place and get a reward.
Yeah, Bungie's competitive ranking is pretty wack. A 75% win percentage would be a gain in rank in nearly any other ranked mode because most games are really only tracking win/loss to determine rank. As far as I can tell Bungie's system weighs personal performance pretty heavy. Play more selfishly and keep your KDA up. Losing hurts but losing with a bad KDA is way worse. Obviously, try to win but focus on keeping a positive KDA.
you should never lose rank when losing, its that simple
I don’t play much Comp but I play a decent amount of Trials. I placed in Comp and played several matches this weekend and got to Plat 2. Despite that, I’m consistently playing against Ascendant players. I guess the point of the system is to place you against tougher opponents to determine the level of confidence the system has in your position, but at times it does feel like “Man, I’m solo queuing with sub 1.0 KDs in Plat and we’re up against Ascendant players? How does the game expect me to win this?” I had 4 or 5 games against the *same* couple of 10,000 rank players.
Me when I get +5 😡 Me when I get -5 😊
Appreciate the detailed explanation! The thing is, every win was giving me very few points (had four +5 matches in a row at one point, most I gained in a match was ~100) and every loss was huge (two -200s in those 6 losses, smallest loss was ~140). I understand the factors the game uses to calculate the point values, but my experience tonight implies that almost every game I played I was expected to win/was against lower skilled opponents. Seems like something to do with matchmaking might be off? I would honestly rather just face similarly skilled opponents and actually gain decent points when I win - whatever happened tonight was so defeating.
Sounds like a skill gap exists between you and the other 2.
Ascendant will get you an emblem but according to bungie only the top 3% of players make ascendant rank.   Right now, the only other reward is to get a Rose HC.
the crucible title requires you to rank up to plat, and the rose handcannon and future weapons only roll from 3 games per character per week in the competitive playlist.
what? I’m in Adept 2 and I don’t think I’ve ever played the same people and that pool of players has to be much smaller than anyone in a lower bracket.
You’ll be the same guy that complains about Rose going away and haven’t had enough time to get the roll you want.
A bad player getting lucky with mm and having a 75% win rate while playing like absolute shit SHOULD NOT INCREASE THEIR RANKS.  Otherwise, wtf is the point. They aren't skilled enough to play in better ranks, so the lack of points makes total sense.  Which is all that has happened here with OP
It’s not just personal performance. The game prioritizes low queue times and good connections which often puts people in mismatched skill lobbies. It compensates for those mismatches by adjusting rep gains/losses based on the mismatch.   Whatever it’s doing, the data they published definitely shows it’s doing it’s job.
Did you mean to say winning? Because losing rank when losing is exactly what should happen Lmao
I was also surprised at how many sub 1.0 players were in platinum. Last season my testing period put me in Gold 3 I think.   This season it put me in Plat 3 if I recall correctly - it took me a few weekends to grind to ascendant but it was like flipping a switch when I got there. I feel like the competition is accurate. When I was still adept I feel like it was hit or miss. Sometimes scrubs, sometimes kings.
You might be misunderstanding what the point system is there for. It’s a tested ranking system with an intended bell curve. You aren’t just gaining/losing points after wins/losses, you are demonstrating to bungie who you are capable of beating and where you actually belong on the totem pole of the pvp community. The only way to climb higher is to consistently demonstrate through wins against better opponents that you are a better player than Bungie thought, and the moment you stop demonstrating you are noticeably better than the competition, your points gained/lost will become highly volatile within a couple ranks of your true skill level.
The key thing to remember is that they're are two metrics at play in Comp: Rank Points & MMR/Skill Rating. The goal is that, over a large number of matches, your rank points will settle at a value that correlates to your MMR.  Your performance, on a per match basis, changes your MMR. The better player you are, the better your rating and the higher the confidence Bungie has in your skill.  If you're winning matches but only gaining +5, that means the system believes your current rank at or above where your MMR should place you. If this happens regularly, then it means that you're not contributing enough for the system to believe your skill is improving.  If you're losing matches and losing tons of rep, this also indicates that the system places your MMR at or below what is suitable for your current rank. Assuming your MMR doesn't shift by performing poorly (hard to do well in a losing match), then a string of losses would see the rank points lost decrease over time until you dropped to the rank the system believes fits your MMR.  Of course, both of these values are asynchronous and other factors play a part - the relative skill of your lobby and the likelihood of your team winning the match - but generally speaking this is not a rank ladder like other games or even the old glory system, where simply winning will be sufficient to grow your rank. You need to actually demonstrate improved skill to grow your MMR and your rank will follow.
Yeah that does definitely suck and I'm sorry you had such a rough session.  Honestly I could totally see an issue with the matchmaker occurring. They've definitely still got work to do on that end. My personal opinion is I think they try a little too hard to make wait times low. I don't mean I'd want overwatch level queue times but I feel like they've got room there to make queue times slightly longer to get a better match together.
Had this issue last season on my solo grind. It got so bad that even a tie would have me lose 50-100 points.  This season I teamed up (mostly dou's) and seems like I'm getting more positive points doing that. Dunno why but the grind to ascendant this time was quick as hell vs last season trying to do it all solo
Thank you, I'm even more glad I don't touch competitive now than before
Wait what emblem is it? I thought that was future update
After a long session I tend to see the same teams. Today I matched up against the same trio 3 days in a row.   This was on PC and I started my session at adept 3 and ended at ascendant 3.   It’s definitely inconsistent and I think it’s likely due to the time of day I was playing
But if matchmaking isn’t giving you better opponents you’re set up to fail. It’s not helpful to have ones against worse opponents where you gain barely anything if you win and lose a ton if you have an off game and lose
“Consistently demonstrate”  Except a 75% win rate over 20 matches is pretty fuckin consistent.
What you wrote sounds nice but no.  I’ve played against and with ascendant players that are bots.  You should forward your explanation to Bungie so they can have at least some kind of legitimate sounding explanation for their system when questioned about it though.
so basically, TL;DR: git gud
Yeah... My buddy and I will queue up with the exact same lobbies (+/- maybe 1 or 2 players) for 3-4 games straight in crucible unless we wait a couple of minutes post-game. The matchmaking is a bit busted lol. And this is a *very* consistent thing that occurs almost every time we play.  The first rematch is usually pretty fun, but it gets stale pretty quick by the third game.
Nooooooo.  I'm already waiting between 5 and 8 minutes. Fuck that. I'm spending more time in orbit over the course of a session than I am in actual games.
Wins =/= performance
They released stats on the ranking system within the past month. That is how it works. You may have played against a few people who payed for carries with elite players, but the metrics show that the system generally works as intended.
More points = got gooder
Probably the only players withing your skill group with good connection. The comp pool is pretty small compared to other playlists
OP supposedly also performed well in 75% of their games (only 3 wins and 3 losses called out for poor k/d in the comment we’re all responding to). That’s also leaves over 60% as wins with supposedly decent performance.
Well a game developer could never be wrong on how their systems actually operate in game so my apologies.
Performed well or performed as expected given the quality of opponent?  “Performed Well” is subjective
What do you mean I can’t have a third stack of Raid Banners?   I would like them replaced with Ascendant Shards, lord knows those golf balls are never enough.
I suppose they're there to be pulled in a hurry or if you forgot to buy them. I leave the upgrade modules there to use them that way.
I’d prefer alloys.
What do you keep mastworking though?  I can't remember the last time i used a golf ball. Probably on Starfire protocol last season but even before that it was a while.
I play all 3 classes and I like to explore exotic options. My favourite as of recent is Nezarec’s Sin. I’m still finding builds on Hunter, and now I’m looking at alternatives on Titan since the nerf on Heart of Inmost.  Starfire is being nerfed, I like to keep my options open. 😌
Oh.  I forgot people have time to play all 3. My apologies.  I'm glad Starfire is being nerfed as a lock main. Deserves it.
I play on all three and still dont remember the last time i masterworked something because i wanted to lol. These days i only masterwork shit because im capped on ascendant shards and need to get a couple out of the way for a vendor reset
Yep, get that occasionally, absolutely no idea why.  I've crawled through the settings trying to see what it can be, but I've got nothing restricted (on my profile anyway - there's 2 profiles for my kids but they don't have online access)
>Games are meant to be fun.  But gamers TM who are known to have serious self esteem problems never cared about "fun", they only cared about how they ll turn "putting a red orb in a red slot" into somekind of great achievement to feel like they ve achieved something in life and are above the "dirty casuals".  That is why to this day you have people pretending casuals shouldnt get good rewards and the same power level because if everyone has the same power level, they cant feel as special, that is at least one good thing destinty did right by not pandering to them.  Hell many people have realized that solo content like the new legend exotic mission or dungeons are far harder than most "high end" group content because the room for error solo in said encounters is far smaller than the enormous room for error in raids and other encounters. but if they ever admitted that they wouldnt be able to feel special over clearing a raid for example while they like to glorify as the be all end all of mmos     All of which is incredibly ironic because the same people turn the game into "Very easy" mode by abusing the most broken and busted builds and then pretending they are good l33t players xD
All I really have to say about "bringing back the challenge" is that it instantly reminded me of "bringing back the hobby." How did that work out again? Oh right, my entire clan quit the game.  This week's blog post is so tone-deaf and refusing to acknowledge player feedback to the point in which I feel flat out disinclined to interact with the game until the powers that be take their head out of their ass and have an actual meaningful discussion based on player feedback instead of insisting that everything is fine.
The problem is the difficulty is never worth the reward. I’m on 4 runs of Spire of the Watcher after recently returning, practically have to carry my two teammates because they just don’t particularly play dungeon mechanics all that great. I have NO dungeon specific weapon drops. I have 1 armor drop over 61.
They went a little hard with the changes, but they're going to adjust it as time goes on.  They felt that the game became too focused on spamming abilities, which it was, which is why they revamped the entire mod system and made our current tier 10 equivalent to the old tier 8.
I can live with all of the changes EXCEPT for DARES OF ETERNITY.   On legend, it used to be a fun thing to get in an LFG and grind it out. But now? It's a crazy slog. You just get wrecked by enemies constantly, and it's ZERO FUN.  I can't imagine trying to play on legend mode to try and rank up Xur faster. When new players ask about buying the 30th expansion I actually tell them no. The dungeon is good, but the mode is ruined for me with how hard they've made that activity.
My brother nightfalls are supposed to be a challenge. Always have been. In destiny 1 you got booted to orbit if you wiped but the rewards were also worth it. I don’t believe they were ever designed to be a fun way to test out builds. The world is where you do that FOR things like nightfalls and dungeons ya knows. They don’t have to be from soft hard but you shouldn’t be able to walk in and out with no difficulty who wants that?
I think this expansion has been a lot of fun. My friends and I have been enjoying ourselves. Even when we were struggling through legend avalon the very first time we did it or figuring out master raid challenges.  Strand is neat. There are some very solid new weapons to get, many of them craftable. The raid exotic is really fun. The strand exotics are pretty neat. They made some changes so LMGs are great, heavy GLs are great, rockets are good. The upcoming primary buffs will be awesome because as much as I love SMGs I would like some variety in my primary slot. The builds are strong as ever. I was worried with wells going away they would really cut up some of my builds but now its just orbs instead. Add in those artifact mods for orbs and they rain down, keep my lmg constantly throwing volatile rounds and loaded with ammo. People keep saying "but my power fantasy" and I'm so confused? I still feel stronger than ever while finally actually needing to utilize that power to take on content instead of just running through everything without much effort.   The story was mediocre but thats such a tiny part of this game its whatever.  Every other expansion story usually is pretty meh. Im excited for the next year and what they have planned and I sure hope they dont turn the game back to super easy mode because it gets boring real fast. Anything below master is perfectly obtainable by most anyone if they are willing to set their character up right and learn how to use it, use gear that is good in the current sand box, and put up a little effort.  If you dont want to have to do that then I would avoid things labeled "Legend" "Master" "Nightfall" etc. None of those things sound like they are intended to be chill easy activites.
You mean like the large articles discussing the feedback they've received that they posted on Wednesday?  Is that the discussion you're talking about?
I think Lightfall suffers from Bungie buying into their own hype. As for their lack of meaningful response to feedback... I think that's a symptom of them having a "we can do no wrong" mentality.  Since I don't work there, I can't say for sure what kind of arrogant leaders their devs are dealing with.
> They felt that the game became too focused on spamming abilities, which it was  And their solution was to nerf ability spam and buff enemy hp at the same time so now players can't spam abilities but enemies are also just even more bullet sponges than they already were which is why people leaned so hard into ability spam.
I know changes are coming, it's just unfortunate the state the game is currently in. 3/4 of my clan aren't even on anymore because of how wild and inconsistent Destiny 2 feels now.  Hopefully Season of the Deep gets things back on track.
Omg, Legend Dares is basically "Guardian Down!" the movie!
Dares of Eternity is F2P. Only the dungeon and unlockable cosmetics from Dares are locked behind the 30th pack.
They specifically mentioned the higher tier lost sectors for this. Which makes much more sense. They have similar enemy density and difficulty but are much shorter, solo balanced, and dont have wipes. (I guess unless you use up your revives but if that happens I would say your build test was a fail lol.)
Sounds like a skill issue. You should try getting better at the game.
Nerf ability spam? You must be playing a different game...
You dont have to play pvp
then dont play them  **nobody** "forces" you, we have so many [prime and pinnacle sources](https://www.blueberries.gg/leveling/destiny-2-max-power-level/) in the game right now that you can reach powerful cap in a few days and pinnacle (even without iron banner) within another week or 2 (ofc +- dependent on how lucky you are)  at the end of the day its only a game and nobody forces you to play certain modes if you dont want to because even if you dont play IB even in a GM the 1 or 2 lightlevel you would get out of it would not suddenly safe your run  also if you "play destiny for the story and lore" there is no reason for you to reach pinnacle cap as fast as possible especially because there is *nothing* in the game you need to reach pinnacle cap for considering most of the time you are capped under it anyways
Don’t play pvp. I haven’t played a game of pvp since getting Lunas back in the day. That shit was soul crushing. I enjoy destiny 100% more now than I did back then. Not worrying about pvp at all. I don’t even play it for pinnacles or season challenges.
If you don’t want to do Crucible then you don’t have to. I’m not the best at PVP but I still do them because of the gear and pinnacles. This doesn’t mean you should, just that you don’t have to be good to complete them.   There are other options though to get Pinnacles other than Iron Banner or Crucible. You can do Neomuna Partion mission, Weekly Mission with 100k score, 8 bounties per week for Defiant Battlegrounds, 3 Defiant Battlegrounds, Nightfall, Strikes, and Gambit. As well as the weekly raid or dungeons.
You don't need to play PVP. Just like how I didn't play Preservation last season.
You do in order to get powerful and pinnacle gear unlocks especially for level grind. Unfortunately events like Iron Banner also have some of the best looking armour.
You absolutely don't need to play pvp to level up.   There are so many pinnacles in the game I've been at cap on two characters for two weeks now and do not play crucible like at all.
I play an hour a night on 1 character as it's all I have time to do so I have to maximise what I play.
Do a dungeon instead
I play solo most of the time as my original Destiny 1 fireteam quit long ago.
Lfg
A lot of the people on there are just toxic and I play on all 3 platforms but as I'm a software engineer most nights I don't wanna be sat in front of my PC any longer so I game on console which makes LFG on Discord a pain.
All you do is join them, don't even need coms for dungeons. There is an lfg in the companion app too I think.
Because that essentially forces stats into 2 others (for that plug), which is akin to having two focusing mods on.  Example: Avoid Mobility would force the stats into both Resilience and Recovery, acting as if you have Res and Rec focus mods on.  Basically, because it'd be much stronger than a single focus.
Facts. When Duality came out. We farmed the shit out of master caiatl. The armor was fantastic. Spiky armor too. We also farmed it the week before Lightfall. Was all garbage armor. I don’t recall keeping 1 piece after hours of farming. I’m still wearing all the armor I farmed when it came out. All armor currently in the game is instant dismantle or infusion material. The season of risen focusing was also fantastic. Now, it all sucks. Just trash rolls.
When Pit Of Heresy is the Weekly, it drops very good armor. I've gotten good spikes. Lowest I've seen is a 61, usually 64 or more
Legend dares and pit share the same bucket system for high stat armor, half of my 65+ gear is from legend dares. I do believe these are the only 2 ways to get consistent high stat armor currently tho?
Xur out here bringing the 47 Arms for Titan this week
Sucks for new people now or people like my friend who recently became interested in developing a second character. The source of exotic armor is much longer and challenging than it used to be and the stats are all shit game-wide.  I spent so many hours during s18-s19 doing lost sectors, grinding opulent energy at containment, repeating campaigns, etc. That was a big commitment even when high stat armor was easily available and LS’s were 3 mins long.
I've had the same set of armor for I don't know how long...  Have all the stats I want. No need to chase anything atm. Kinda feels bad.  1 tier off triple's with Strand for my optimal loadout and am **not** farming for a few more points just for that. Bungie can kiss it.
Agreed some of my best armor has come from Pit. Anyone able to confirm that these drops are unchanged as of Lightfall?  Edit: Boss encounter specifically.
Yes, in game requests and invites work as far as i know. But anyone trying to /join me cannot do it.
The original destiny 2 campaign is not in the game anymore.  The subclasses share some stuff with D1 but not everything. You have to go through the introduction quests to unlock all 3 light subclasses for each class
you canT there just the new light thing then DLC
What the hell really? Then whats the point of playing destiny 2?
Does destiny 1 went that way or still normal?
If your only purpose in the game is to play story, then 80% of the games lifespan is a huge waste of money then. 80% is generous too
There's plenty of new content that has nothing to do with D1, including 4 campaigns, raids, dungeons, nightfalls. I said some of the subclass share similarities - not the same exact thing.   Destiny 2 has been out for over 5 years now, and destiny 1 hasn't seen anything new since then.
The current story has nothing to do with the old vanilla story. The old vanilla story was pretty much universally hated and removed. The current story arc started with Shadowkeep (or Taken King from D1) and is fully playable. A lot of the older, removed content has nothing to do with what's going on now.
Lmao why does they took out the main story?
Game was getting too big, and they didn't have the resources to keep updating old content and add new content.
A better idea would be to split the dungeons between the ones that have artifice armor and the ones that don't. Have the ones that don't drop pinnacles on all encounters with guaranteed 65 stat gear and at least 1 stat at 20 to compensate for lack of artifice gear.  Alternatively, just add artifice armor to all dungeons
Na. Weekly needs to remain. Sometimes I’m too busy during the week and can only get stuff done on the weekends. I do think raids and dungeons with master modes, should always be available. Always available so people can get triumphs/challenges done. They don’t need to be pinnacle at all times. Rotation is fine for that.
Would be nice to have two rotating every week instead of one
Just have two of each every week. No need to overcomplicate it with multiple resets.
I can 100% get behind this. Master raids dropping artifice armor too pls!
it cant load breach GL it only heavy
Holsters do not work for one round weapons. It's the same with rockets. Otherwise you get autoloading for free, the whole drawback of holster mods is that they work slowly
Single shot weapon classes (specifically breech grenade launchers and rockets) don't work with holster mods.
I always thought that was intended
Why is that?
Thanks
With the exception of Parasite (since heavy grenade launchers work with holster mods).
Well good to know!
Is it? That's seems bizarre
cause then it essentially autoloading on any breach GL which would be op
That would be nice! Haha, thx for the info
they are
Then I guess it's a good thing they've already said they are.
They did? I know they're nerfing the ikelos but where did they mention immortal
They mentioned aggressive frame smg's and used the ikelos as an example
It really takes no time at all to level one up. Just keep it equipped when you run through easy-difficulty stuff even if you don't use it.
There’s ups and downs to pvp in this game. I wish there was a slower, more tactical mode because I’m way more used to Battlefield, but class abilities pretty much make that impossible. Iron Boner will cycle to a different mode next time and that debuff will be gone at least.
It's Destiny. We have space magic. This is not Call of Doody.
What are you talking about? Abilities are the core of destiny lol. Don't think anyone wants a slower crucible experience.
So you don't have the same abilities?
Tell us you suck at this game without telling us you suck at this game
All these comments just show their skill bracket
You’re gonna get dumpstered for this take, but it’s not incorrect. I have reset my IB rank three or four times and the experience has been anywhere from a straight up bad time to decent.   Most of the blame lies in the super cycling as a result of a death ball. One guy gets their super, pops it, kills a couple people, drops orbs, which their teammates pick up to pop *their* supers, rinse and repeat. It makes for an un-fun experience, as I have posted about before.  Not having an actual objective to split the teams up is not helping either. Everybody just clumps together, spamming nades and team-shotting.
for general crucible thats there all the time i would agree with you (as thats a big part of the reason to why bungie *already* nerfed ability regen especially in pvp)  but for a time limited game mode? No, Eruption is by far my favorite IB mode rn. its also not like you have the increase ability regen all the time, its a *reward* for streaking kills without dying, while the exploding is there so that you **cant** just wait till your abilitys and super are up but that you actually have to be on the move and have to kills stuff with your guns too  i understand that having eruption and mayhem in the same week is a bit unlucky, but its not like crucible is all the time like this
What a bad take lol. Pvp players love the gunplay and movement of destiny and NOT ability spam.
The best of the best in this game are pretty much universally over ability spam metas.
They've given buffs to all 3 of the trace rifles you've said and they're well defined in the meta now. Wavesplitter no longer varies damage but boosts damage on orb pick-up and reloads the weapon and sustained fire suppresses targets. Prometheus lens scorches and has incandescent, reloads weapon on kills (I agree it's the weakest of the 3) and cold heart generates ionic traces from sustained fire. They're fine as is now. Cold heart is off meta, wavesplitter is meta this season and prometheus...is on the bench
yeah they're very unexotic exotics. I feel like jade rabbit falls into this category too, it just has reverse head seeker.
I don't really agree. They all synergize VERY well with their perspective subclasses. Prometheus scorches on hit, amazing for solar builds.  Coldfart not only gets increased damage, but also creates a fuck ton of arc traces which is simply amazing with arc builds.  Wave splitter hits like a TRUCK and suppresses AND synergizes with bottle rounds.  Also they all do the extra 40 percent damage to red bars which on higher content is way more important than you might think
They are all fairly solid now but I just wish they went back to being primaries like they used to be.
Coldheart has Target Lock baked in and arc traces
>Hell I'd even argue coldheart's exotic perk is the fact that it's a trace rifle and that's it, since it was the first ever one and THAT it was it's thing.   They changed it you know.
Coldheart spits out ionic traces. This weapon was nothing before Arc 3.0 but is top tier now.
Promrtheus pops in scorch builds, its also got 500 rounds in reserves around 20% more than other exotic tracerifles
The ONLY reason wavesplitter is meta... is because of the artifact mods. Take those away and it's just like the other 2. A slightly better version of a legendary target lock trace. No reason to use them and take up an exotic slot.
Prometheus is better than you think. Being able to scorch without needing a kill is excellent for the synergy it provides with several solar fragments. (Damaging scorched targets recharges class ability and killing scorched targets recharges melee)   Try it on bonk hammer titan with radiant and solar surges, it's actually really strong.
If they just had actual EXOTIC perks. They all just basically have stronger target locks... like. I can get that shit on the legendary RoN trace rifle, why tf would I use an exotic for that.
they don’t do 40% more to red bars, only exotic primary ammo weapons get that buff.
Nothing is that different about it... oh boohoo it creates ionic traces. That's not enough to warrant an exotic slot. It's still just "hey i'm a trace rifle :D"
So top tier I've seen a total of zero people touching it since it's been changed.
There's only 1 target lock trace rifle and it's not void. Also regular traces don't have the 40 percent buff to red bars that exotics do
Not even sure why people are using Wavesplitter over Ruinous. I get that suppress is good, but doesn't feel as fun as volatile/suppress with the orb:)
Prometheus lens has an AOE that gets larger as you hold the trigger, has incandescent, and applies scorch before kills. I'd say it's fine in the state that it is. Do you have a well rolled RoN trace? It's good...it's not Prometheus lens good.   Wavesplitter has its orb of power to power up interaction, and if you wanna count the volatile from the artifact this season it plays very uniquely. Could use a bit of love I guess but defo not just buffed target lock.   Coldheart is basically just buffed target lock. Could use a rework...or something added.
Incorrect.  https://twitter.com/A_dmg04/status/1489660192509755392?s=20
I mean have you actually used an ionic traces build? they are kinda cracked.
Just cause something isnt popular doesn't mean it's bad bro. If it was an arc season I'd probably bust it out tbh.  Wavesplitter and Prometheus lens are both excellent choices now especially after the changes to champion stunning.   Double special is the meta and with primaries being so weak trace rifles are a no brainer.
Again that's great. But it's not enough to warrant an exotic slot being taken up for that. There exotic perks are literally just beefed up target locks.
The orb is fun. But it puts you in a lot of danger to kill an enemy, grab the orb and run up to enemiee to smash it.  Yes you can block with it, but that makes it drain VERY fast.  Wave does way more damage with the beam and has a much easier loop
Where are you getting that info? I don't think that's correct...
oh wow, didn’t realize they got included with that. good to know
Not really because I only use arc during raid bosses. Outside of that, it's strand because there is nothing in this game even close to being better than an infinite suspend build. Especially since I play hunter, if I'm doing regular pve with arc hunter, I'm not even shooting anything and I'm punching with liar's handshake 100% of the time
The only one that has a "beefed up target lock" ( as if that's somehow not really good...) Is cold heart and that one also creates a ton of ionic traces that synergizes extremely well with arc builds.  Again, it's all about how well they synergize with their builds and the fact that they got the 40 percent buff that exotic primaries got to red bars.
just tested it in a lost sector on nessus vs red bar goblins: ager’s did 1925/2698 to the body/head respectively. coldheart did 1481/2076, prometheus lens did 1303/1827, wavesplitter did 1958/2745, and divinity did 910/1275. these were without any buffs and just one tick of damage each. so it seems like it goes: wavesplitter > ager’s > coldheart > prometheus > divinity.
Maybe you're thinking about when agers is in it's alternate mode?
Well, cold heart and Prometheus damage there makes sense because one of them ramps up damage over time and the other does aoe damage so it's precision damage is lower
It's a 1600 dungeon, so power level is more or less irrelevant.   First encounter, the Lament and tether are your friends.  2nd/3rd encounter, xenophage is your friend  Final boss, basically whatever you can manage with
Assassins cowl or liars handshake build wrecks that dungeon. One two punch shotty and tractor like the other commentor said. You’ll chunk him down pretty good.
The strategies you can find online are still mostly the same.     Double Special (such as Witherhoard & something with Lead for Gold), and then what people said here. Lament or Fallen Guillotine for Phalanx, Commemoration for Chase & Cube, and then an LFR - Taipan? - for Kell Echo. Tip for that fight: Don't chase him, but stay ahead of him after the first teleport. **And let Witherhoard tick for virtually free damage**. You may want Healing Grenade, or Invis, you do you.
I’d run liars handshake arc hunter with 12 punch and tractor. swap to Izzy rocket for final boss
This is great advice.  Staying ahead of Kell Echo and using witherhoard is huge.  That's the strat that helped me clinch solo flawless in here.
Izzy Rocket?
Izanagi + a rocket launcher
Ah, got it
it not bugged there just shit stats it better to get them from LS
it was never bugged, just is low stats
Got it. I’ll just play through for the story then. Thanks
Or play the game when you pay for the season pass
You can earn them all during the season, or even pay for levels. If you own a season and don't get them, that's on you. If they just give everything to anyone who bought it, there would be less incentive to actually engage with the season, and that's not what they want.
or i picked up the game half way through beyond light, purchased the deluxe edition and did not even get to start the season passes
Get fomo'd
Warlock, i feel like the threadling Oprah
warlock with swarmers and building all-in on threadlings with grenades, fragments, and weapons.   also strand warlock with osteo striga + necrotic grip. this is OP.
Hunter is the most fun with the backflip dive.  Not always the smartest but always the most fun
Doesn't seem like anyone mentioned titan yet. The suspend potential is nuts. Keeping a whole room of Master level enemies from doing anything, on a near infinite loop.
Hunter just feels super fluid with grapple and can lock down any room with shackle. So imma say titan
Bondage Titan is so cool. All of the abilities have such high uptime, and it's not lacking in damage between the claws and Tangles.
Warlock is the most OP atm. But depending on the map/area I love flying around with hunter on grapple meleeing everything.
Favorite comment of the day.
Tbf you don't need strand for osteo necrotics to be op lol
Probably because every class can suspend very easily, the other two have more exciting extras. (Thredlings for warlocks, grapple and heaps of damage for hunter).   I believe bungie has said the titans thing is woven mail?
Lul
Each public event has a different way of making heroic, most of them are super easy to do solo once you know how, and i guarantee you can search them all up on youtube. For example, in the glimmer extraction event(EDZ and Nessus), you will find a destroyable(but tanky) machine pointing diagonally up at each of the three dig sites. Literally just break all three of them to make heroic, make sure to destroy them before killing the yellow bar captain because as that will make the machine despawn
Here’s a link in how to do it: https://www.gamesradar.com/destiny-2-heroic-public-events-guide/
What do you mean by the exotic quest bit?
But no, there is nowhere in the game that you can actually find this info. Destiny will take some time to get used to.
Strider
>even rng has its limits  No it doesn't.
nope that 100% rng
rng
Took me two weeks of doing every pinnacle to get my final piece
That’s unfortunate, but also it’s just RNG.  The only thing I will say is if you’re doing raids/dungeons, only certain things drop from certain encounters. If an encounter can’t drop something in the kinetic slot, then obviously you’re not going to get a kinetic pinnacle from that encounter
I think Demolitionist/Incandescent is the combo most people go for but if you’re worried that Incandescent is too Solar specific there’s nothing wrong with Kill Clip.
Are volatile rounds actually getting your kills?
Here and there.  But not usually.  Could that be a part of the problem? Ive tried shooting with glaives/ meleeing.   Ive tried auto rifles, lfrs, fusions, and shotguns.  Its all been the same thing.  No orbs generating, which sucks for my boud build
Void
I'm pretty sure that if volatile explosions are getting the kill, then no orb will spawn, if it's not that then i have no idea. I did hear of some bugs that could occur with double mods at times but i believe those were addresed and not necessarily syphon mods,  can't remember.  Maybe take the syphon mods off and reaply, see if it orbs spawn before you die, i believe that was the bug
Im gonna check that out tonight
Would that apply for voltshot too? I havent played much arc because volatile is too much fun
I believe so, but not certain. I believe volt shot would code as a jolt kill if i had to guess.. basically,  if the bullet from your gun didn't get the kill,  it won't spawn an orb. The one thing that may bypass this is scorch, if you initially apply the scorch with a weapon only.. feel free to correct me if wrong,  I'm not certain on any of this
Without knowing what you have access to it's hard to offer advice. This mission on Legend is hard, but it is not unfairly designed in my experience. My struggles with it, and the struggles of other people I know, stemmed FAR more from not being familiar with Strand and how to use it, than it did from the room encounter itself.  Some general ideas though:  1. Never stop moving. Just grapple and chain around the room. If you get hit by the red wall, it is your fault for staying still for too long. Just move. 2. Make a point to grapple up to the snipers and take them out before they ruin your run. 3. Make sure you have Solar and Void resist mods equipped, and probably Concussive Dampener 4. Equip at least one copy of the leg mod that heals you on orb pickup (the one that gives a flat burst of healing, NOT the one that triggers healing).    1. Also equip on your gloves a mod to spawn orbs on grenade kills and the one for melee kills. A strand grapple melee kill counts as BOTH so it will make two orbs.    2. Also make sure you have orbs on multi kills mods on your helmet. 5. As close to 100 resil as you can get 6. Surges for whatever heavy and special weapons you're using 7. If you have Parasite, it is VERY good on this fight because you can stack it's Worms Hunger buff by killing adds and then just drop a blast on the boss as you go by without ever having to stop to do DPS. Absent this, just get bursty weapons.    1. Witherhord or Anarchy would also serve the same function. Grand Overture would do okay, except you have to actually hit enemies with it to charge and that might be a problem 8. You have massive ability regen while you're in this room so use your cooldowns whenever they're up to CC or destroy enemies 9. A glaive is very helpful sometimes, because the shield can save your life.
You have infinite grapples it's so ez literally just grapple around, punch adds in the mouth and use recuperation mod(s) for healing off of the orbs that creates. Then just use burst shit like a rocket/GL/super or two quick anarchy shots if you can't find an opening to DPS for longer.
Hide under the stairs, shoot with Osteo.
I had good luck running a disorienting grade to chill things out any time I got in trouble. If you can get rid of one group of adds, you can find a place to catch your breath.
This mission can be frustrating! Here are some of the things I did to get myself through it on all three classes on Legendary:  - Stay well ahead of the wall of death. Use grapples to move fast to a spot just behind the wall. This gives you the time to do some damage before you need to move again. - The hobgoblins on ledges spawn in a predictable pattern. Get them out of the way the instant they show up. The ledges are safe to shoot from for a bit after they're clear. (On my Warlock clear, I just ran around in counter-clockwise circles on the ground, so that can work too.) - Use Witherhoard or Osteo Striga to DOT the big vex and clear out the goblins. The upside of all those mobs to kill is that you should be swimming in orbs and ammo, so you should be able to stay reasonably healthy. - Don't get greedy for kills. When in doubt, grapple away to safety. - I popped a super on the big boss, and it took me two supers at the time. If you have a good strand build going into it from finishing the normal campaign, you might do better than I did.
I will answer all your questions with one sentence.  Witherhoard and rocket and just run in circles.
There is a cheese strategy, search on YouTube.  If you want to do it without cheese, try grappling between the four corner platforms. You are pretty safe from incoming fire if you stand in the very corner. If you have max resilience and full health, you can actually survive a pass of the red wall with a small bit of health left. That isn’t really a good strategy unless you have a healing rift available through.
This mission is so horribly designed. Infinite adds, wall of death, forced to use a watered down version of Strand, and barely any cover. Bungie really knows how to design something you never want to play ever again.
When you enter the boss room grapple up to the sniper platform that is opposite of you on the right side of the room. There is a gap in the wall at the back of that platform. When the wall of death comes by just drop down and grapple back up (Hunter can time jump and not even drop down). You can do the entire encounter from that platform and avoid grappling / running in circles.  Just focus on Hobgoblins on the other platforms. Minotaurs can get shots up on the platform so focus them out of the ground forces. Wish Ender + Rockets makes the boss a breeze.
You can hide behind a portal and use a void bow and void machine gun/linear. Google that missiyboss room cheese.
Gryfalcons hunter, chill clip riptied, void primary with repulsor brace and leviathans breath. It made virtually every encounter on the legendary playthrough a joke. I constantly had overshield, volatile rounds and was invisible.
Wrong mission
What if I just started playing consistently again after a while and don’t have witherhoard
Hide behind portal, shoot with osteo
get witherhoard
What Furzy said. It’s the best exotic weapon in the game
Hide behind osteo, shoot with portal
Go to Mobalytics -> Destiny 2 -> Builds. Filter by Strand. Find build called Necrotic Suspend. Done 🤝
Necrotic with osteo
There have been a ton of videos lately about using them with strand and suspending/poisoning everything. It has you covered for Unstop and Overload. I like to run it with a machine gun and either a disorienting GL or a glaive. It almost makes content too easy.
https://youtu.be/v_Vd25_nU7w
youtube
Osteo, necrotic, and strand with suspend grenade, eat suspend grenade, kill stuff with osteo, and everything gets suspended and dies to poison while hanging helplessly... this is one of the strongest builds in destiny atm
Lol thanks!
Yeah but like... Subclass? Mods? Champions? Etc?
Huh. Ok cool. You think it'll be viable in GMs?
Thanks!
Huh...I will do that. Thanks!
Strand, put on necrotics and osteo, profit.
I've used it in master NFs and done just fine. Don't see why not. Of course you will have to tailor for the specific GM.
This is true. Thanks!
