If anyone checks this out and likes what they hear then smash that like button and Subscribe to their channel! The Infernal Sea are insanely underrated and every bit helps
Witches are some of my best friends. Cool song though. Obviously really like Slayer.
KC BRVTALITY FVCK YEAH
Fucking nasty. I’m impressed, well the fuck done KC.
Anyone listen to this album, Dead Soul by Criminal (1997)? I heard it recently and have been really digging it. Can't find any discussions in English (they're a Chilean band) about this album anywhere on the internet  Seems like pretty straightforward death metal / thrash metal. Reminds me of Beneath The Remains by Sepultura
Its very good, thats my take... but I'm chilean so im biased
I'm a bit surprised they're not more popular!
They're fairly popular here. Last year I saw them opening for Exodus
Holland has an underrated 90s death metal scene
Very good i like it
Their 1995 album Chiaroscuro is amazing too! https://youtu.be/JbP8PagA0yI
Such a good album man
[you have selected...regicide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAsIx3oPY-8)
ooh, i like this
Woah this slaps thanks for sharing!
This is dope, its been a good while since I've come across something new that I've really meshed with. Thanks for sharing this I'll have to dig into their catalogue now.
If you were to take away all of my metal albums and just left me with the Pharmacist catalog - I’d manage.
Anybody have any suggestions as to where to start listening to Thou's discography? They have a very large one and I want to get a good first impression.
Going to see Cave-In tonight despite not knowing much about them.  My first show of the year.
Hi everyone! I've been working on a list of albums I've listened to and found over the last 10 years or so. I've been going through it to get rid of duplicates etc, but would people be interested in me sharing it on here? It's got a few thousand bands/albums on it!  EDIT:  I have a google doc link now. Feel free to check out the list. There are some repeats still in here, but hope you enjoy this! I've been working on this list for a really long time and I hope you find some new bands to listen to :)  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wz0KCiG_MpZrL0qusXttsgQH4y5AdYm04a-eNMSFWR8/edit?usp=sharing
Can anybody recommend metal songs about femdom (preferably ones that are not pornogrind)? Yes, I'm well aware this is a strange question.
Anybody caught the Carcass, Sacred Reich, Municipal Waste, Creeping Death show yet?
Looks like Phrenelith isn't going to be coming to the US on tour with Dead Congregation due to visa issues. Cerebral Rot is taking their place. This is a big letdown for me as I was looking forward to seeing Phrenelith as much as Dead Congregation. Even though I'm disappointed, I'm still looking forward to seeing Cerebral Rot.
Septillion  There's a black metal band by the name Septillion.  Being both Christian and a core kid- black metal is something I rarely enjoy. Not saying anything about how good or bad it is- metal is metal and people have their preferences. There are some black metal bands I quite enjoy though,  to name a few- Watain, mayhem, and Septillion. Recently I wanted to jam to a few Septillion songs when I noticed that you can't even pull the band up on Spotify anymore. I thought maybe the record company was pulled from the US or something and went to YouTube. There are live performance recordings and that's it.   What on earth happened?    Did the band do something evil or something?  I can't find anything on Google about something like that, but outside that and perhaps the record company/band getting extraordinarily greedy being why I can't find it anywhere. I mean I know a "place" I can ALWAYS find it but I'd rather not....    Anyone know what happened?
thy art is murder hammer smashed face cover is sick A.F. I really liked it, go check it out
Hi all, I’ve started r/Pigsx7 for fans of the stoner/doom metal band Pigs Pigs Pigs Pigs Pigs Pigs Pigs, from Newcastle upon Tyne. I personally think they’re banging and having just toured the USA could well be on the cusp of wider recognition - their live shows are quality. Hope to see some of you join! Cheers.
Took a listen to the new Scar Symmetry track, Scorched Quadrant, and it's pretty good. It sounds exactly like their Phase I stuff and overall I'm excited for more Scar Symmetry.   I will say that the vocals are a little fuzzy/muddy and sounds a lot better on headphones than regular speakers.
Have any of you dudes received your vinyl copy of the new Spirit Possession album from Merchtable yet? I haven't received a ship notice yet and I feel like it maybe should have happened by now.
*Summit* and *Heathen* are generally regarded as their best LPs.
I just started with Heathen about a week ago. Seemed like a good way to start but definitely it is not an easy listening, really long, abrasive and overall monolithic sounding so if you are not that interested in something like this maybe try something shorter in duration.
Start with Heathen. That was the first album I heard from them.
Started with Heathen and found myself singing along to the chorus to Free Will on my first listen. They’ve been my favorite metal band since.
If I may make a suggestion, if you have the list on Notepad or in a Word document, it may be easier to copy the list to Pastebin or a Google Doc or Sheet and share the link. Then you won't have to go through the hassle of formatting.
Please share it
Here’s mine starting from 5/6/20. It’s a bit more varied and includes ratings. Still updating it.   https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10wa2dkMiAEpUkgSXyzuVvO_1RyYqBtCGIgaNBTGM5pY/edit
It's fully alphabetized btw!
Tower - "Lay Down the Law"  ... and the entirety of *Feetish* by Black Countess.
Tower - Lay Down the Law
Plasmatics - The Mistress of Taboo  Bitch - Be My Slave
Death Angel - Mistress of Pain
Someone posted about it in yesterday's Daily Discussion thread.
I saw them in Houston. Sadly I had to arrive late and missed Creeping Death, which was the band I had the most interest in. I came in with 3 or 4 songs left in Sacred Reich's set. I'm not really familiar with them, but they were giving a good performance and people seemed to be into it.  I was really there (as I missed Creeping Death) to see Municipal Waste, and they were awesome. Live shows are obviously a huge strength for them. I'm a fan for life now.  I caught a couple Carcass songs and then took off. Again, I'm not very familiar, but people seemed to be enjoying it.
Nooooooooooooooooooo
Almost always label issues
Seems like you enjoy the more blackened, martial riff-driven stuff and not so much the more atmospheric or fuzzed side of black metal. If you enjoy Watain there's probably a *lot* of good stuff out there for you.
I played and taught guitar professionally for years. My biggest recommendation to you is to focus on the rhythm more, maybe get a simple click track or look on YouTube for a drum backing track. You can hit every note but it doesn't mean anything if the rhythm isn't there. If I play a note wrong but it's on beat and I keep going, meh, whatever. But if I pause and lose the rhythm everyone will know.  Lessons aren't super important, but if you haven't already at least take a month or two to make sure your holding everything correctly. It's much easier to learn it right then to break a bad habit later.   For 2 months in you sound good! Keep going.
> I think things are starting to sound right  You're not playing in time at all. Learn about rhythm and meter, make sure to play with a metronome.  In a nutshell, the basic unit of music that carries a bunch of notes is called a bar. Time signature defines the size of the bar and the way rhythm is accented (one way to think about this). A typical time signature is 4/4, the denominator tells you the note that *accents* the music (in this case it's a quarter note, hence the 4), the numerator tells you have many of these accents you have per bar. So a 4/4 time signature counts its accents in quarter notes, and it has 4 quarter notes per bar. BPM (beats per minute) is the measure of how many of those accents occur per minute. So a 120 bpm composition in 4/4 will have 120 quarter note accents per minute.  Often, music is grouped in patterns that consist of several bars. Such a grouping is called a phrase (a riff is a kind of phrase). If we're in a 4/4 time signature, a common way to write riffs would be 4 or 8 bar phrases. Such phrases also would commonly have internal subdivision. If we look at a 4 bar riff, it's not uncommon to see it subdivided into 2 bars + 2 bars. For an 8 bar riff, the subdivision might be 4 + 4.  A typical way to construct phrases is to end on a sort of cadence at the end of a subdivision. A cadence is like a punctuation mark - you have commas, periods and maybe exclamations too. Looking at a 2 + 2 subdivision, the 1st bar of the 1st group starts out the phrase, then the 2nd bar ends it on a comma, then the 1st bar of the 2nd group continues the phrase, and the finally the 2nd bar of the 2nd group ends it on a period.  With all of this in mind, go listen to some music and try to note those structural subdivisions. Make sure to pay extra attention to those punctuation marks and the strength of them (commas and periods).  So, that's the kind of shit you want to be learning about if you want to get up to speed fast. Rhythm, meter, and structure.
Sounds perfect ;)
Thx dude! Will do that instead :)
Done!
Thanks for sharing this! This is awesome. Will look more in depth later :)
They're thorough then cause literally only live stuffs still on youtYouTube.  Either that or I've been incompetent with my search.
Thanks!  Yea, I'll need to work more on timing. I was focused on just making riffs that sounded cohesive and playing them through without fumbling too badly. Once getting through that part I intended to actually play it smoothly and timed right. But, I'll focus more on timing moving forward.
Awesome! I am saving this list, even a quick scroll-through shows me many records I am not familiar with. I am excited to listen to these.
Labels can be finicky and absolutely nuke bands from YouTube
Happy to help! It's been a labour of love for years😂
Bunch of new releases this week:  **Impest** is a sick down and dirty death metal demo from some of the Demiser/Primitive Warfare guys. Honestly one of the best DM releases I've heard this year  **Gennembore** is really well done BM in the style of korpsand/early Finnish BM but from the US  **Anthropophagous** is really good old school death metal taking a lot from Cannibal Corpse, Obituary, and Deicide. Did not expect a dungeon synth interlude but there you go.  Been a big fan of **Void King** since their first album and the surprise drop of the new one was more than welcome. Continuing to be very good doom/stoner but mostly doom.  Also plan to listen to the new **Morgul Blade** demo, and **Sol An Varma** full length as well  Edit: Listened to the **Tribulation** EP. I thought it was pretty good except for the cover at the end which was horrible. But the other 3 songs were a good continuation of their gothic sound they've been doing.  **Firmament** was fantastic, probably my favorite trad release this year along with Savage Oath. Great retro 70s styled hard rock/heavy metal.
If you're into blackgaze or atmospheric black metal you might dig Strandhem's new release "Le Spectacle" : [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruKMMgOrkXU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruKMMgOrkXU)  It's been released today, and is a 32min song based of the book of Guy Debord "The Society of the Spectacle". Possibly for fans of Violet Cold, Deafheaven, Alcest, Unreqvited, Moonsorrow. Album can also be found on all streaming platforms and can be downloaded for free from bandcamp.
Awesome day of exciting new releases:  - New [Thecodontion & Ceremented split](https://i-voidhangerrecords.bandcamp.com/album/s-t-6) if you need more bass in your Metal. - New [Penny Coffin](https://pennycoffindeath.bandcamp.com/album/conscripted-morality) and [Anthropophagous](https://anthropophagous.bandcamp.com/album/abuse-of-a-corpse) for your dirty Death needs. - New [Hässlig](https://hasslig.bandcamp.com/album/deathlust) and the demo debut by an excellent new project called [Gennembore](https://deathprayerrecords.bandcamp.com/album/demo-2) are the cherry on top.  _Edit: There's a new Oksennus' side-project called [Kristillis-kansallis-konservatiivinen Suur-Suomi](https://sacrificialdance.bandcamp.com/album/rakas-seurakunta) that just released its demo and it's nuts._
https://spider-god.bandcamp.com/album/ad-renditions-2  On April Fool's Day, Spider God released a version of the Toys R' Us jingle claiming it was going to be part of a full slate of black metal jingles. They got a good enough response that they decided to actually go for it. They pumped it out quickly so they aren't of the highest quality, but each one is only about 45 seconds long so it won't waste too much of your time if it's not for you. I think the Um Bongo one is my favorite.
[Tempel Wolf](https://vendetta-records.bandcamp.com/album/hirschgeweihmaskeraden)'s first EP, a new Helvetic Underground Committee project on the more atmospheric side  [Ossaert - Offerdier](https://argentorecords.bandcamp.com/album/offerdier), excellent Dutch BM from a member of Swarte Yssel collective
I'm loving the Sól Án Varma release! It definitely leans closest to Misþyrming, kinda sounding like a synthesis of all 3 of their releases, churning in and out of dissonance, melody, and sludgy atmospheric sections. My only possible complaint is the length, I think if they'd cut it down to 50 or so minutes it'd be perfect. But I'm planning to give it another listen while I'm not at work or just woke up to see if it feels like it earns that extra runtime.
this new Penny Coffin EP absolutely crushes. definitely should be on your death metal radar this weekend.  [https://pennycoffindeath.bandcamp.com/album/conscripted-morality](https://pennycoffindeath.bandcamp.com/album/conscripted-morality)
The new Devangelic is their best work. If you like brutal death metal like Nile, Dying Fetus, Defeated Sanity etc definitely check it out
An I, Voidhanger release day is always a good release day. Asystole being the most exciting of the three for me.  However beyond that it's looking a little thin for me, as is the rest of April. Hope some under the radar stuff pops up.  Edit: well speaking of under the radar, I can happily report that Nekus' debut is a monster. Exactly my type of noisy and cavernous bm  Edit 2: Paraphilia? Holy shit???
Tribulation doing a BOC semi deep cut is a pleasant surprise. And probably BOC's most Heavy Metal song.
All We Leave Behind (Doom Death Metal) - I Will Follow, second single from the upcoming Album   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLNbyUH5KIg
Void King - stoner rock/Doom.   https://voidking.bandcamp.com/album/the-hidden-hymnal  Thanks for checking it out.
What's the name of the artwork/artist [on this album?](https://www.metal-archives.com/albums/Misþyrming/Söngvar_elds_og_óreiðu/489952) Please help me out.
As    S per title.  I absolutely love metal and I'd love to share it with but    my dad is a Christian rock guy lol.  He's open to nonchristiqn music but    I want a playlist to introduce him to the good bit of music.
SaintBreaker dropped a new album earlier this week and it’s kick ass.
chiming in love for that Impest today.  heard about it from your posts, and it is really good stuff.  [Malicious - Merciless Storm](https://invictusproductions666.bandcamp.com/album/merciless-storm) was supposed to come out today, but as of right now, it's still only the first song you can listen to.  from Finland, and I'd say very blackened.  very blackened and also very wooly,  in that same vein of Possessed.  I really want to hear the whole record now.  hope it all gets posted soon.  this also happened with the [Poisoned Blood](https://nuclearwarnowproductions.bandcamp.com/album/sign-of-final-massacre) record that was even listed on the release tracker and still claims on Bandcamp that release date was March 2023.  but you can only hear the one song.  I guess sometimes things get pushed back.  really want to hear that one too.
That Impest demo is hottt! Caligari just put out a demo from Desekryptor which is really good too.  Only listened to the first few tracks of Anthropopagus and it was solid. Haven't hit the dungeon synth yet
I really dig this, thanks!
Strong Kauan vibes coming from this album. Good stuff!
Thanks for the Rec. I’m reallly vibing with this.
Penny Coffin is disgusting. I love it.
the Huggies one might be my favorite, but this is all hilarious.
This is amazing
Lol they covered Meow Mix after Septic Flesh already kind of did that in the Communion title track
Glad you posted that new  Tempel Wolf EP. It’s really good and had me hooked right away.
Only caught wind of Asystole earlier this week and I have listened to it twice. That build up at the end of the second last track into the last is so good and then it steamrolls you.
Front cover image taken from "Satan Arousing the Fallen Angels" by John Martin (1789-1854). It's right there in the link you posted.
Love this album. Guitar tone is impeccable
I snagged this on vinyl, signed by the artist for like $60 a few years ago. Probably my best grab yet
*'Her whisper gets me off'*
Used to spin their previous work heaps, just recently found out its the guys in Gulch and Sunami
Ooof this is killer!
This current wave of death metal bands is just unstoppable, love it
Thanks for posting, this is sick! When's the album supposed to come out?
Dirty 🤘
They're going on tour in May/June, FUCKING GO.  Great live, bass player nearly kicked my in the head, 10/10.
This band was amazing to see live.  Saw them with Finntroll, and they sounded just like the album.  The guitarist was also very nice, even though English wasn't his first language.
They are from Montreal so French is their first language but I got to meet the band multiple times and all of them were super nice and incredibly talented. It hurts my soul that the broke up.
Yeah, Montreal definitely has their French Canadian language pride, that's for sure. Nice that you got to meet them multiple times.  Real sad they broke up for sure.  I quite enjoyed Fables of the Sleepless Empire. Haven't heard much from ChaotH lately,  which sucks. The guy really had something going on with his solo suff.  Montreal and Quebec have such a great metal scene,  with the gods Gorguts and Cryptopsy, Quo Vadis, Neuraxis, Martyr, and Augury.
French Canadian metal is wild and I love all of the bands you mentioned. ChaotH I think just does bass covers and plays SNES on Instagram now lmao
Great metal minds think alike.  ChaoH playing Snes on Instagram sounds interesting. He should do some video game covers on his 9 string.
Rotten Garden is easily my favorite atmospheric black metal album. Phenomenal stuff!
Fucking love this song. Excellent album.  Rumor is it's getting a vinyl repress this year through their label naturmacht
Love this song and the entire new album is really great too. I really like "Giant's Eternal Sleep."
Saw them live in a very small venue recently. Usually books local bands.  I was not ready for that ass kicking.
That was sick as shit. Thanks for sharing.
Excellent album!
I dig the shit out of it.
Same brothers that are in Ultar, which is also amazing. Check them out!
Grima are the shit.
Not my cup of tea, but I can absolutely understand why people love them.
Cant wait to get it on vinyl thanks for telling me
Yeah i was a huge fucking doofus and didn't buy the original pressing
Oh shit! Is this Niclas Engelin’s old band??   I like it very much 🤘🔥
First Fragment shirt spotted
Best ever black metal album
Belter
ticketmaster is so annoying. Big shocker, I know. I have a swedish account already but to get tickets to the Unearthed Morbidity fest in copenhagen this June I have to make a danish account. Technically not a big deal but mildly annoying and unnecessary enough to complain about.
albums with really good concepts or storylines? i just listened to terminal redux by vektor and want some more albums similar in story. i’ve never heard an album with such a cool story or concept
Any recommendations for someone who recently got big into Crisix and Havok?
I am looking for old Italian magazine Grindzone form  1995 to 2001 in digital form. Any idea or help would be appreciated.  Stay Metal
Does anyone know why Testament’s “The Legacy” was removed from Apple Music?   I just checked today, and saw that all the songs on The Legacy have been removed from Apple Music and it says “this content is not available in your country.” When did this happen and for what reason?
Where can I (legally) get digital copies of Gorgoroth's Gaahl-era albums? They're not on Apple Music or Bandcamp. Twilight of the Idols is one of my favourite albums but I can't find it on my usual places, is it on Spotify?
What albums are you all excited for tomorrow?
Does anyone know some good modern heavy metal bands
hello everyone, I just had a question about this song by mick gordon "rip and tear", what kind of metal is the percussion rhythm of the second 0:40?   I know I've heard that beat before but I can't find where
Anyone see Weedeater on this tour? What are the set times?
what are y’all’s favorite solos? mine’s mayhem freezing moon or dawn of demise intent to kill
The podcast 'your favorite band sucks' just did an episode on the subject of ticketmaster. It is extremely enlightening as well as enraging.
It’s so annoying! I’ve got a Belgian, Dutch, UK and Norwegian account.
Probably an obvious one but, My Arms Your Hearse by Opeth. That, and of course literally anything by Ahab.
Most of King Diamond's albums have strong concepts. Start with Abigail.
The Lord Weird Slough Feg - Traveller
concept albums are kind of a thing in prog, e.g. Opeth - Still Life, Pain of Salvation - Remedy Lane, Symphony X - V (or others), Devin Townsend - Ziltoid the Omniscient, Dream Theater - Scenes From A Memory
I always recommend Parallax by Between The Buried And Me
Ayreon - The Human Equation  Total cheeseball of an album, but it’s story driven and a pretty interesting concept.
Queensryche – Operation: Mindcrime
Terminal Redux is incredible, Recharging the Void gives me chills
Unleash the Archers has a 2-album sci-fi storyline going  Seven Spires has some weird lore too  Turisas - The Varangian Way is one of my favorite albums of all time, and it's a story of the Varangians, a group of vikings that went to Constantinople as mercenaries
Fractal Generator - Macrocosms  Interesting sf concept of humans traveling to a distant star system and discovering this universe is one of many simulations.
Cryptic Shifts's - Visitations of Enceladus is a sci-fi technical death album that has a space opera story pretty similar to terminal redux
Most of Voivod's catalogue is concept/story driven and absolutely rocks
Morgana Lefay - Grand Materia.
Not big on those bands, but maybe check Suicidal Angels, Warbringer, Angelus Apatrida
municipal waste or gama bomb maybe  persnal faves would be demolition hammer and razor (violent restitution) but they are a bit diff style
Toxic Holocaust. Power Trip.
Fusion Bomb
Warbringer is awesome
Almost always a label issue.
As much as I hate using Amazon, they’re my last resort for MP3s when I really want them.
I think your best bet is to find used CDs on discogs. I'm pretty sure Infernus is making sure those albums never see the light of day again.
Search under Gahhls Wyrd.
Listening to Raider now, solid death thrash but not sure about its staying power.   Looking forward to ASYSTOLE and Anthropopagus which aren't if Spotify yet.
Gatekeeper. Sanhedrin. Savage Master. Visigoth. Christian Mistress. Smoulder. LiveWire. Satan's Hallow. Eternal Champion. Ironflame. Significant Point. Doublegeddon. Nite. Kryptos. Riot City. Sacral Rage. Angel Sword. Megaton Sword. Sonja. Sumerlands. Traveler. White Magician. Tanith. Tower.
You might have better luck in the Rec thread with more specifics as to what you already like       [REC CENTER] Shreddit's Official Recommendation Thread -- April 05, 2023   https://www.reddit.com/r/Metal/comments/12chzlc/rec_center_shreddits_official_recommendation/
Not sure why you were downvoted. There are lots, but here are some of my favourites that started in more recent years:  * [Midnight Rider](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3HHzDEodmY) * [Animalize](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkMC875FrCU) * [Armory](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SffNCGCkH8) * [Paladin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34t7d70fs_A) * [Savage Master](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ypTdnL7Yws)  It would help to know more about what you already like.
Greyhawk is currently my favorite Trad band. Basically no love despite being amazing.
Pretty much all of his stuff for DOOM (i.e the song you mentioned) is a mix of djent/core, late 2000s dubstep/brostep, and a bit of modern death metal. It's all very metal-inspired/adjacent and his work is well respected for sure, but in a vacuum I don't think it would get labeled as "true" metal or w.e just because of all the electronic and EDM influence.
Trapped In a Corner by Death. Not only is the solo awesome but the rhythm riff during it is sick
G.I.S.M. - Endless Blockades for the Pussyfooter
And of course Opeth's Still Life as well
HOLMGARD…AND BEYOND
Warbringer is sick, adding to this, I recommend Scythelord and Critical Defiance.
MW and gamma bomb are sick af.
Toxic Holocaust is one of my favorites already. And power trip is cool but they haven’t grabbed me by the nuts yet. Any top tracks to give them another spin?
just saw Saxon's Unleash the Beast isn't on Spotify anymore either. I think it's the second or third time I've seen it delisted. Pretty annoying.
They really do have almost everything available at least.
Sucks if true. I get they would have so much resentment for each other but the idea of burying music over personal beef seems kinda sad to me.
Great list. The new Savage Oath EP is fucking awesome too, really looking forward to more from them
holy crap dude that song is insane, i can see why you say its your favorite solo
Yeah, I always heard that was a concept album but never knew what the concept was.
Along those same lines... you checked out Lich King?
Are you looking for thrash in general because I just made a [massive thrash post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Metal/comments/12chzlc/comment/jf7d8gv/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) in the Wednesday thread. I have been on a massive thrash journey lately myself and all the links there will definitely help you.   Since you are already a fan of Toxic Holocaust, I can tell you where to start. I too am a big fan of the family of bands that are inspired by Venom. I can recommend, assuming you have not heard of any of them already, Hellripper, Midnight, Abigail, Sabbat (Japan). You might also enjoy Manzer.   Other newer thrash bands you might have missed: Antichrist, Division Speed, Condor, Deathhammer, Ripper.  There is a ton of older stuff in the top genre list and the essentials page that people should absolutely not miss. My favorites from those places are Coroner, Demolition Hammer, early Sepultura, and Razor.  Other favorites I have are early Death Angel and Mekong Delta.
I find the better ones are on the Manifest Decimation album.
Everything between Destiny and Call to Arms seems to be absent. Except some comps, and live stuff.
It kinda tracks. He's kind of known for being a complete asshole.
Their discography is very much worth your time if you never got around to it!
As far as I understand, it's about an outcast returning to their community hoping to find their old flame, but she is now a nun in a convent. They're reunited but this draws attention from the church and tragedy ensues for both of them. It's one of my all time favorites for the music and theme
Lich King rules
King ov Hell has an entire section of his wikipedia article dedicated to people who don't like him.
Ohh fuck
This shit was so disappointing  Still got the overwhelmingly heavy guitar tone and vocals but they just completely forgot how to write good riffs and songs
**Full disclosure**\--I was not aware of the Nazi affiliations of their original vocalist.  The band apparently [parted ways with him](https://www.brooklynvegan.com/disma-part-ways-with-vocalist-following-years-of-nazi-affiliation/) and tracked this EP with a different frontman.
Virtue signals are coming
no they did not, they lied about firing him he's still in the band and performing with them
Not liking Nazis isn't virtue signaling.
Imagine being a bootlicker for a fat Nazi.
Yep, they "fired" Craig Pillard in 2019 after controversy surrounding him and then silently rehired him again in 2020 and released Earthendium two years later lol.
Well, shit...
I’d say not liking Nazis is a virtue, and signalling that is just fucking fine with me.
Disma has nothing to do with his Nazi views whatsoever.
That's a much better way to look at it.
Craig Pillard is a known [piece of garbage](https://toiletovhell.com/craig-pillard-still-doing-nazi-shit/).  Edit: missed the "his" on first read. He's still in the band, so yes, it *does* have to do with his views.
I said Disma, not Craig pillard. Has no related lyrical content or whatever.
But Craig Pillard is in Disma. Maybe you choose to separate the art from the artist but the artist makes the art regardless.   I don't have feelings one way or another about the band. I'm only responding to the thread OP implying that not wanting to associate with a known alt right shithead is somehow virtue signaling.
If you don't wanna support their music that's yours to decide, but Disma as a band isn't related to any political views or opinions, actually quite far from that.
disma is a band made of people who have chosen to play music with a neonazi, lied about firing said neonazi, and then brought him back anyways once they thought they could get away with it and now play "secret" festivals with other neonazi bands
I'm now fascinated to learn what you consider "virtue signalling".
So you’d be comfortable playing in a band with a neo-nazi?
This is probably Sigh album's that I've listened to the most because of this accessibility   Really good guitar/trumpet/synthesizer solo
Sigh❤️
Such a unique band
Was just listening to this album the other day. So fucking good man.
Sigh totally rules!
https://tegram.me/o3hatzB969EyZDg8
suuuuuuuuuuch a good album :)
Instead this is my first time listening to this specific album after being familiar with their early black metal material, and i gotta say, I ended up enjoying this one too!
Wait until you dive into Hangman's Hymn. Hell of an album and easily my favorite of theirs.
Some of the best Immortal worship out there. Been listening to this one a lot lately.
Awesome. I didn't even make it all the way through streaming this album for the first time before i went to bandcamp and bought it.
This whole album slaps.
I am currently obsessed with this album!
Still waiting for that new Anata
Awesome, miss those guys.  Some of the funniest shit ever!
I mentioned the Mentors on r/punk once and was instantly banned haha
I miss them playing New Years at the Red Room.
[lyrics to this song being read aloud to Congress](https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=bToXmYU2p6c)
Man I see this and I flashback to soooo many years ago. Funny thing is, I was listening to 4 F club just last week
Greatest band of all time
I was fortunate enough meet El Duce a couple of times. He was cool. Always drunk off his ass but cool.
A real toe tapper!
Hey look my old highschool
Been a while since I've heard that "fresh out of the garage and in to the studio" sound. That age is over.     Am I the only one getting Green Jello/Jelly vibes? Don't tell me this is them under another name, lol.
*'Prrrune skin power!'*
Are you sure? Why would you be banned? I saw people posting The Mentors there not too long ago and nothing happened? Latest post about them was a month ago.
qft.
Yeah, it was really weird… I emailed the mods about it and one got back to me and said some mod was banning people left and right for posting about bands that were like that. They checked out my comment history and popped back on and immediately reinstated my membership to that sub but I just unjoined after that conversation since all the posts there are like “just got my first Ramones shirt at Walmart today!!”
Love these guys.  And the cover art is sick imo.
Agreed. Their first album is really solid rollicking fun too. Kinda sexy doom?
I was super into this album in my early death metal years like 8 or 10 years ago. No idea how I found this as seem to be kinda unknown but I love it.
I love this entire record.  Riff after riff after spine cracking riff.
Thanks for sharing this, the whole album is amazing
How does this album compare to "Arisen New Era"? I love that album, but haven't listened to anything else by them.
Same with me, I must’ve stumbled upon it on a music forum or through lastfm or something. Seeing the album art in my feed here was a shot of nostalgia i wasn’t expecting.
I see a spooky castle on the album cover and I just know it’s going to be a banger
This band fucks so hard. Their other EP is great too but something just clicked with me on this one. Been listening to it on repeat for like a month now
I love this entire album so much. I need more neoclassical guitar playing in my black metal
Amazing and super original melodic black metal
THAT ALBUM COVER OMG THATS PRETTY
Awesome record!  Also, happy almost birthday zombie jesus!
This is the black metal I've been seeking. They're like a more kvlt Wintersun
I shouldn’t like this at all, but I do.  It’s weirdly riffy and interesting rhythmically, not things I expect from any black metal.  Feels like Wintersun or Bodom decided to play a 30/70 blend of Immortal and Emperor.  Basically “power/black” more than simply Dissection-core.  I can’t stay awake or stop cringing when trying similar bands (Stormkeep…), but this was fun.
Great song, instantly loved that riff. It’s like Emperor meets Bodom.
this was the first metal ep i ever listened to—i was taken aback at first cause i’d never heard anything like it, but now it’s been a few years and it’s really growing on me😭😭 all of their music is great, it’s just this ep that stands out to me. these guys have got to be one of my favorite bands
Ey thanks dude, this is a fantastic ep, getting heavy dissection vibes. Cheers 🍻
based
One minute in and I love it so much
Great album. Usually not that much into powermetal (;D) but i listen to this one so much!
 This reminds me of dragon force through the fire and the flames for some reason…
Their guitarist could record a solo over the sound of a flushing toilet and still figure out a way to make it beautiful.
They popped up on the "Bands similar to Stormkeep" feed on Spotify so I decided to check them out. Glad I did, because they fucking rule.
Same.
Yeah that’s badass
My group of friends has been calling it Neoclassical black metal.
It can't possibly have been a few years because this EP has barely been out for 1 year.
Oh I need bands similar to Stormkeep.
And Dissection and Emperor as well 😉
i just looked at my old spotify account and it was not this ep, it was some album by atrocity. i have no idea how i mixed them up, i’m sorry💔
Wintersun's self-titled comes to mind, though it's decidedly more melodeath that Stormkeep
No worries! This album is badass too though
This is one of my favorite albums of all time 🤘🔥💚🤘 classic and absolutely timeless.
Not bad at all! Reminds me of Grand Belial's Key.
Banger of a track! Been waiting for the next move from these guys.
Brutal band of clones
love this band. no nonsense.  over 5 years since the last record though 🥺
Their album With All Their Might is just soooo good
Iron Strengthens Iron
Seen them live prepandemic, never heard of them before then. Was blown away, a fan since!
They look like a few electricians that decided to play in a metal band.
I just discovered them about 2 months ago. I was listening to Orbit Culture’s cover of Hardwired (it’s on my Apple Music) and when the song ended, Apple said “Hey, check out these dudes.”  I haven’t looked back since. Fucking LOVE this band. Between this song and “To End All Flesh Before Me,” I can’t decide which I like better.
That’s the album I started with. Apple Music randomly played “Iron Strengthens Iron” and I immediately started listening to that whole album. Then went to “And so it came to pass.”  I’m working my way backwards through their discography.
I really hope they come to the states soon
Like they were just hanging out on the job site and one pipes up “Oy!  Wanna form a metal band?”  and the other two were like “Aye!”
One of my favorite bands. Love all their albums. Uta and fushoku ressentiment are part my top 10 songs from them.
Saw carcass last night, they absolutely crushed it. Creeping death, Sacred Reich, and municipal waste all ripped too.   When this tour was first announced I was pretty bummed that SR & MW were supporting acts bc I was wanting a more death/grind vibe the whole show but I was pleasantly surprised with the sets they put on.   I had someone ask me if carcass was any good though which blew my mind, he told me he was there to see municipal waste and had never heard of them.
Just saw Suffocation last night, agree with the comment the other day they were mixed weird. Must be how they have the venues do things. They sounded fucking great and everything I just think the guitars needed to be louder, the lead tones were nice and crisp.    Seems like they boosted them a bit through the set though, either way they were a blast to see. Ricky sounded pretty damn good on vocals, big shoes to fill there. Grabbed their live in North America vinyl from the merch stand.
I've been sleeping on Crypt Sermon for years based on the fact that they claim to be Christian. Turns out they're (t)Rad! Any other artists I shouldn't miss for the same reasons?
I've been listening to metal completely chronological (by year at least) for the last 3 years. Wrote about it a bit [on this sub already](https://www.reddit.com/r/Metal/comments/1124tc1/shreddits_daily_discussion_february_14_2023/j8j737c/?context=999). I decided that instead of trying to write about music which I'm not very good at, I'm just gonna share my top 20 albums ranking I've made for each year from 1980 to 1996 currently  https://imgur.com/a/oTLiuOv  If anybody cares to look and comment. Maybe lmk what I should make sure to hear in the "future" (1997 and beyond) based on what I've liked
Decrepit Birth, Krisiun, Vader last night, fuckin awesome. Bill sounded great and hopped in the pit at one point. Talked with him a fair bit after their set, he's a cool guy.  Krisiun was crushing and fast as usual. Covered Ace of Spades, fun AF moment there. Much tighter live compared to some of their old albums.  Vader sounds great, wild to think Piotr's been doing this for 40 years. Really enjoyed their setlist too, lots of songs off their debut and revelations along with the classics like Wings, Sothis, Carnal, etc. Played like 20 songs too I was pleasantly surprised with the length of their set. All the bands seemed to be enjoying the smaller venue too. Neck and body are sore today at work thats for sure hahaha
I had a dream that I was at a movie theater, and as the soundtrack to a a long-ass fight scene the movie just put on the entirety of Moonsorrow's banger of a tune, Tulimyrsky. Like, I was sitting in the movie theater, for 30 minutes, just enjoying listening to this song, in a dream, while some crazy shit was going down on screen. Weird but awesome.
Ivar Bjørnson won't be on the Enslaved tour that starts tonight. I'm kind of disappointed (going to the Boston show tomorrow) but at least I saw them last year too
Anyone here been to Bangalore Open Air? Mayhem was fucking great 🤘 Checked off jumping in the moshpit at my first metal concert off the bucket list!
Taking my 10 year old daughter to her first metal concert in August: Ghost!
So i asked chat GPT to write a metal song about ai and it came up with this.   Verse 1:   Rising up from circuits and code   Intelligence beyond what we've known   Machines that think, and learn, and grow   Changing the world as we know      Chorus:   AI, the future is now   The power to change, we can't disavow   A new age, with machines at the helm   The metal will sing, our story to tell      Verse 2:   Processing data at lightning speeds   Uncovering patterns we can't perceive   Revolutionizing industry   A force to be reckoned with, no guarantee      Chorus:   AI, the future is now   The power to change, we can't disavow   A new age, with machines at the helm   The metal will sing, our story to tell      Bridge:   Will it be our salvation or our demise?   A double-edged sword, we must realize   The power to create, the power to destroy   We must harness its potential, or we'll be destroyed      Chorus:   AI, the future is now   The power to change, we can't disavow   A new age, with machines at the helm   The metal will sing, our story to tell      Outro:   As the metal rings out, we can see   A future that's both dark and bright, it seems   It's up to us, to use AI with care   Or we'll face a world, too grim to bear.
I have have been working through all the amazing thrash metal recommendations I have been getting lately. I accidentally listened to the Sabbat from Japan instead of the one from the UK first, and I think I like the one from Japan more, haha. The Japanese one is super fun Venom worship.
Oh. That makes sense
How do I add songs to the sub? Every time I try to add a song, it goes up and when I close the Reddit app and open it again it’s gone.
Picked up a ticket to the Saturday of Noise Destruction Fest this weekend, looking forward to seeing Memoriam and liking what I've heard from the other bands on the bill.
Hello everyone. I'm just starting to get into metal subgenres like death/grindcore/black metal and I wanted to find out what's the best music streaming platform for these genres. I currently have Spotify and Youtube Music, but I'll probably be getting rid of one of them soon due to college expenses. What's y'all's take on the best music streaming service for metal?
I recently made my own custom band tee and working on another one so I want to hear thoughts + opinions on Custom/Hand-made Band Tees!      Do you make or wear your own? Do you think its awesome when someone makes a custom band tee? Also what about the bands? Would bands think its okay or should it be low-key?      Thank you! <3
Today I learned DevilDriver did a cover for Sail by AWOLNATION. It was everything I imagined and more.    It was on my Amon Amarth channel, so my initial hopes hearing the tune were soon dashed, but still fucking awesome.
Kinda disappointed that Babymetal have a new single out called "Mirror Mirror" and it isn't a cover of my favorite Candlemass song.
I've got a bit of a problem. I've been noticing that some bands have AI generated images for album covers (August Burns Red, for example). I wanna know if there's any reliable way to tell if an image is AI generated. My main question is about Exul by Ne Obliviscaris, so if anyone knows about that one in particular, please do tell.
Ricky is the best they've had since Mullen's gone. No wonder they stuck with him, he's great.
Ya Ricky is a damn powerhouse. Great guy to have fill in
Are they? I'd have assumed they're just your standard epic doom using a middle-ages/Christian aesthetic like Candlemass, especially since one of their songs is called "Christ is Dead" haha.  As for other bands, I got really into Lordian Guard the other day, epic heavy metal with some symphonic undertones. The melodies are second to none.
Theocracy is pretty good prog-power, if cheesy at times.  Antestor does some great black metal.
Wytch Hazel  Extol
Trouble
Incubus (aka Opprobrium)
The first three Mortification (AU) albums    Possession (US)
I’ve been listening to them for a few years now and never realized they were lol. Oh well they’re fuckin great!
Trouble is epic doom which is trad-ish.
[Place of Skulls](https://placeofskulls1.bandcamp.com/album/with-vision)
How did you decide what to listen to for each year?
A blazer in the northern sky 🫰
Did you listen to Storm of the Lightsbane by Dissection or Horrified by Repulsion? They pop to mind as ones I'd expect to see that aren't there. On the whole though it looks very complete.
Wow! Really cool. I love projects like this. Will have to dig through this over the weekend.
"the metal will sing..." haha nice, so they are self aware!
I asked ChatGPT to write a black metal song about sleeping with a night light.  Verse 1:  In the dark of night, I lie awake  Trembling with fear, my heart doth ache  The shadows dance upon the walls  My mind is trapped within their thralls  Chorus:  But I sleep with a night light burning bright  A flickering flame, a guiding light  I know it's not black metal, it's not right  But I need it to make it through the night  Verse 2:  The demons lurk in every corner  Their whispers echo, their voices warmer  I try to fight, I try to resist  But they're too strong, they can't be missed  Chorus:  But I sleep with a night light burning bright  A flickering flame, a guiding light  I know it's not black metal, it's not right  But I need it to make it through the night  Bridge:  Some may say I'm weak, that I should face my fears  But they don't know the darkness that's been with me for years  The night light may seem childish, but it's my saving grace  Without it, I'd be lost in this dark, hopeless place  Chorus:  But I sleep with a night light burning bright  A flickering flame, a guiding light  I know it's not black metal, it's not right  But I need it to make it through the night  Outro:  So let the flames burn on, let the light shine  For it's the only thing that keeps me from going blind  In the darkness, I'll find my peace  With my night light, my soul shall sleep.
That’s amazing up until the outro, I don't want a moral with my grindcore
What songs are you trying to post? There's restrictions on more popular bands that should be detailed in the side bar.
All the streaming services have essentially identical catalogs, so it doesn't really matter.    Bandcamp is the best place for underground metal but it isn't a streaming service.
YouTube is probably one of the best places for extreme metal because you have a ton of absolute maniacs uploading all kinds of shit.
YouTube and Bandcamp are the best; YouTube because anybody can upload anything so you have fans uploading the works of lesser-known bands, and Bandcamp because it is what many unsigned and underground bands use to provide their work.
Depends. If the band is still active I have think you should ask. If no reply go ahead. I got permission for a patch because the band didn't have patches then they came out with patches on their own.Helps them with design ideas too.
On the Seasons of Mist website it just says "Artwork by Xenoyr". Considering that's who the last album artwork is credited to as well... I don't think it is AI generated but I wouldn't be shocked if it was
Yeah holy shit he was so damn good I was really impressed.
Yeah he is! I didn’t see an extensive history of vocal performances on metal archives so I was really impressed!
Who knows. It's a complicated question when you can have five guys with different personal beliefs performing as one group. I'm sure there are plenty of bands who sing about Satan, having zero spiritual beliefs on the matter.
Theocracy - when they're good, they're great. I laughed out loud during one track when the vocalist explicitly says "I used to have dyslexia, but now I know how to play guitar. PRAISE JESUS!"*Guitar Solo*
To be clear I listened to more than the 20 listed each year those were just my favorites  Mostly used metalstorm.net
Lmfao ty. I'm sure there's a few other embarrassing typos spread around
Storm of the Lightsbane is on there! Snuck in at 18 for 1995. I liked it alright, preferred Sacramentum's 1996 album in that style though  Did not listen to Horrified, I'll make sure to check it out. Grindcore is a weird genre to me haha. A few albums (mostly World Downfall by Terrorizer) just clicked with me and I've enjoyed a ton. For the most part I haven't cared for it too much, and have kinda stopped checking out grindcore albums for most of my 90's listening. Which is probably a mistake. So yeah I'll go back and listen to Repulsion and some 90's grindcore at some point. If nothing else I appreciate their short album lengths haha
Feel free to comment any observations! I'm curious what longer time metalheads might think of my taste haha
SadGPT
> I don't want a moral with my grindcore  This sentence baffles me given grind is one of the most political metal subgenres out there, but I guess there is plenty of non-overtly political grind.
It’s a song by a rather obscure band I discovered
Technically you can stream through Bandcamp much like you would Spotify. Sometimes some labels/artists put a restriction on repeat listens of an album asking you to buy, sometimes not. If it's already in your collection then you can stream it all you want.    Their mobile app experience is atrocious though - search function is still ass.
Thank You.
Hi there, thank you so much for the response !! I will definitely try to reach out to the band and ask if its okay to make my own Tee. Would it help if i mention I dont plan on selling them ?? I literally just like the idea of having my own design for bands i love
Was this during a live performance? Because I'm pretty sure this is not in any of their songs...
I mean, I’m only going to call it that from now on, so thank you.
Ah, my bad, missed Storm on the list!  Horrified is a lot like WD which is what made me wonder if you'd skipped it with WD being on there.
Politics? In my subgenre of hardcore punk? Outrageous
It baffles me even more because OP never said it was grindcore in the first place. To me it reads more like the lyrics to a power metal song, I can totally hear someone like Hammerfall singing it in my head.
Looking at your account it's pretty new, there are karma restrictions to be able to make posts here
Not too sure then sorry. If you've followed all the sub rules then ask a mod and see why it was removed. Have you had success in posting elsewhere on Reddit?
Sure, you can stream in the technical sense, but I think when most people say "streaming service", they mean a service where they pay a flat monthly rate for all the music they want to hear. Bandcamp doesn't do that.
In the song 'The Gift of Music"  "See the child, ashamed and broken Words can never come out right Dreams of failure dance in his head every single night But twelve words in a simple language suddenly make sense somehow That little boy, once shy and awkward, stands before you now"
https://i.imgur.com/P7Xeu6U.png
Yup ty! The album cover is nice and gross so that's a good start
Definitely, since it's structured around choruses.
I did not give it any criteria other than "metal" so you can imagine it as any genre you want .
That's every ChatGPT song I've seen. Decent vocabulary but every song has an identical structure and AABB rhyme scheme.
I know there are death and death/doom bands that have strong Celtic Frost influences. Are there any black metal bands besides Darkthrone that engage in Celtic Frost worship?
First of all, I apologize if pinging users is not allowed here, but I wanted to thank u/deathofthesun and everyone else who has given me [amazing thrash metal](https://www.reddit.com/r/Metal/comments/11lvrxu/comment/jbiehhp/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) recommendations lately! I finally, finally, got done listening to everything people recommended me and even more. This [very old Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Metal/comments/5jumst/lesserknown_80s_and_90s_thrash_metal_a_primer/) post was also huge. The amount of thrash I enjoy has skyrocketed.  My personal favorite new discoveries are...  Death Angel  Mekong Delta  Power Trip  Deathhammer  Sabbat (Japan)  Antichrist  Holy Terror  Holy Moses  Mutilator (Brazil)  Abigail (Japan)  Ripper  Now, after listening to everything from the top genre list, the subgenre essentials page, all of those recommendations, all the bands from the long ass Reddit post from 6 years ago, are there any MORE thrash metal recommendations people have for me?  Once again, thank you so, so much everyone from this amazing community.
Was relistening to Abigor's Fractal Possesion and forgot it had a couple of euphoric sounding melodic riffs, like Lykathea Aflame does (heard 1st time lately, good but the death metal is 'ok', too long, and that snare...).   Specifically [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9o1zA1ELxZs), when it comes back at ~3.35 under the blasting and vocals. Any suggestions that blend these sort of riffs like that?
Any new and original brutal/slam with no monotome vocals ? (maybe a lot to ask I know)
Was looking at MA stats and apparently there are 230 metal artists on the site who are non-binary. Anyone know of any of these people?  (Sidenote, MA please add advanced search for artists)
Hi y'all. Any proggy metal recs? Stuff like Gojira, Celtic Frost, Tool. Thanks in advance!
Anyone have any recs for more cosmic themed black metal bands? Labyrinthus Stellarum’s new album has been really hitting the spot. Anything like Inherits the Void, Lune, Mesarthim, Mare Cognitum, Stjärnfält, Darkspace. Just looking for more hidden gems I might have come across yet.   I really love the synths in Labyrinthus and Inherits so anything in that vein would be sick. Thank you!
Anyone have any thrash/sludge or something like trad mixed with sludge? I love the sludge sound but the plodding slow songs lose my interest after a while. Anything sounding like Horndal’s Lake Drinker is brilliant too.
I'm looking for groove metal like this song:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uA8JgUSlFmg  I like slow groove with big drum sound and distorted guitar
I mostly listen to black metal and I haven't listened to power metal in years, but I've been spinning Steel Attack's [Enslaved](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvmBm_gzxh8), and it's a righteous banger, whose doing this type of jam now?
Hi guys! Can any of you maybe recommend me some progressive/neoclassical albums/artists. Thank you :)
Been listening to a lot of Exmortus, and Hellripper lately. Any bands like those 2?
A lot, to varying degrees:   * Megathérion (the German one) * Usurper (the American one) * Barbarian (the Italian one) * Alastis (somewhat) * Typhon * Samael (their earlier material) * Throne of Ahaz (somewhat)
Mion's Hill, Tyrant (SE - the one that shares members with Vinterland and Crypt of Kerberos)
Samael (Worship Him and Blood Ritual), Old (Down with the Nails), Malleus
> Now, after listening to everything from the top genre list, the subgenre essentials page, all of those recommendations, all the bands from the long ass Reddit post from 6 years ago, are there any MORE thrash metal recommendations people have for me?  Didn't see these in that linked post:  Chakal - Abominable Anno Domini  The Mist - Phantasmagoria  Extermínio - s/t  Overthrow - Within Suffering  Mysto Dysto - The Rules Have Been Disturbed  Sarcasm - Crematory  Hydra Vein - Rather Death Than False of Faith  Second Hell/Skull Krusher - Metal Deadness split  Death Power - The Boogeyman  Carrion - Evil is There
Equinox  Morbid Saint  Mefisto  Violator  Rigor Mortis  Invocator  Thrashfire
I assume they don't do that out of risk of harassment.
Markov Soroka from Tchornobog/Drown/Krukh/Aureole
[google search](https://www.google.ca/search?q=site%3Ametal-archives.com+%22Non-binary%22&source=hp&ei=jJMtZJeiBaOK0PEP9rKugAE&iflsig=AOEireoAAAAAZC2hnGWjXrvT311nmejKJN7bDO31DsLS&ved=0ahUKEwiXmJGFh5P-AhUjBTQIHXaZCxAQ4dUDCAo&uact=5&oq=site%3Ametal-archives.com+%22Non-binary%22&gs_lcp=Cgdnd3Mtd2l6EAM6EQguEIAEELEDEIMBEMcBENEDOgsIABCABBCxAxCDAToOCC4QgAQQsQMQxwEQ0QM6CwgAEIoFELEDEIMBOggILhCABBCxAzoICAAQgAQQsQM6CwguEIAEELEDEIMBOgUILhCABDoFCAAQgAQ6DgguEMcBELEDENEDEIAEOg4ILhCABBDHARCvARDUAjoLCC4QgAQQxwEQ0QM6EQguEIMBEMcBELEDENEDEIoFOhEILhCDARDHARCxAxDRAxCABDoHCAAQgAQQCjoLCC4QgAQQxwEQrwFQAFjOOWD3O2gAcAB4AIABZogBiQ2SAQQyNS4ymAEAoAEBoAEC&sclient=gws-wiz) can help
[Body Void](https://bodyvoid.bandcamp.com/album/burn-the-homes-of-those-who-seek-to-control-our-bodies-ep)  [Morke](https://morkemn.bandcamp.com/)  [Hekseblad](https://heksebladusbm.bandcamp.com/)  I guess those are bands but you can find the relevant members through MA. I can DM some more too if you're interested
Thou has a member who is non-binary, that being one of their guitarists.
For Gojira check out Morbid Angel’s Formulas Fatal to the Flesh and Gateways to Annihilation   Might also like Coroner
Gorod
If you are looking for more metal that sounds like Gojira, then Pull Down the Sun might fit that criteria.
Baroness, I think. Its been awhile since I heard any of their music though.
Mastodon; 4 first albums if you prefer heavier, though the 5th and 6th albums have several stellar less heavy but still proggy tracks
Alkaloid.    The drummer, Hannes Grossman, has played live drums for Triptykon, which is essentially a continuation of Celtic Frost if you’re unaware.
Aureole (especially the Mare Cognitum split)   Spectral Lore (Mare Cognitum collabs foremost, but other stuff too)   Midnight Odyssey (haven't listened to this myself, but should work)   Lustre (not cosmic, but if you dig those opening synths in Labyrinthus Stellarum, then Lustre is *just that*)
StarGazer might hit the mark
Vorga, Almyrkvi, Cosmic Curch, Astral Path, Void Omnia, Sulphur Aeon, Bezmir and Adhuk might fit your bill if you're not already familiar.
Buzzov*en  Brainoil (crust/sludge)  Crowbar (sludge OGs with more trad/doom influence)
High on Fire is the obvious choice here.  Allfather  Black Royal
That's post-metal. Check out:  Neurosis - Souls at Zero, Enemy of the Sun, and Through Silver in Blood  Isis - mostly their first 3 albums, but all of them are great  Cult of Luna - Salvation, Somewhere Along the Highway  The Ocean - Precambrian  If you want instrumental post-metal, check out Bossk and Russian Circles
Yngwie Malmsteen  Symphony X  Exmortus
> Exmortus  If you just mean the neoclassical part, then I'd recommend Yngwie Malmsteen and Symphony X.  If you mean the tech thrash aspect then:  * Coroner * Toxik * Watchtower * Vektor * early Voivod * Sabbat (UK) * Hellish * Mekong Delta  > Hellripper  They basically just copy 80s first wave, so here's some of that + some new bands also doing that style:  * Bathory, first 4 * Venom * Bulldozer * early Sodom * Midnight * Bewitcher * Speedwolf
Thanks!
Triptykon is another project of Thomas Gabriel Fischer from Celtic Frost. So very similar sound.
Thanks!
Thanks, friend. You are a hero!
I’m familiar with all those bands. Thanks trying.
Stargazer is great but not quite what I was looking for.  Thanks though
thank you!!
This is the band that got me into the more technical side. I'm almost never a fan of synth in this type of extreme music, but these guys pull it off.  Insane musicians, just listen to these bass lines!
Not a huge tech fan anymore but they are still an exception . Unreal riffs
Watched them open for archspire and was blown away, got to see them open for shadow of intent as well and was unbelievably happy at how awesome it was. Next up im going to see them open for Nekrogoblikon, I hope they keep touring with great, fun acts and keep growing. Amazing band with a seemingly humble front man.
Generally not a melodic death fan, but theres certain bands in the genre that blow me away. This is definitely one of those bands, they're always super solid.
Seen these guys live twice now and they're mind blowing. Their performance of Mesmeric Horror was incredible.
Bro, finally something from my home state I can be proud of!
Love them! Onslaught of the Covenant has one of my favorite riff ever
The art looks sick holy shit
Opened for them with a buddy's band a couple years ago. Completely knocked me out of my socks!
Sounds like every other tech death metal band with no substance.    People fall for anyone who's good at their instrument but isn't good at being original
One of my favorite bands ever. Seen em countless times
These dudes will be out on tour in North America and parts of Canada through May and June - hope we see some of y’all there.
The first album to catch on to me.  Their first ones were basically, look at how Black Dahlia Murder we are!!!  This one feels like its own identity, much better.
I love this band!!!
Been a fan of these dudes since 2008. They're so good.
the Of Sunless Realms EP has some nice synth work on it
Love this band, led to me to First Fragment who are just fucking unreal.
I'm so excited for that concert, Aether Realm is also an amazing band.
Faceless Burial, is a band in my opinion who's taken the lead on innovative tech death, by a landslide. Truly underrated gem that everyone is sleeping on.
You heard of Astral Tomb? Perhaps not technical in a traditional sense, but very complex and interesting stuff.   https://youtu.be/hzM2GLIk5D4
I have, great band. Not saying there isn't good tech death, but there's just a lot of saturated bands who all have Keisels, Axe fx, and annoying drum triggers, and it's all similar.  Chthe'illist, Faceless Burial, First Fragment, Gorguts, etc. Are imo more interesting takes on it.
https://youtu.be/VdNiq4fsuCQ  I recommend a few solid spins, this album has a lot to appreciate.
My dude I think you might just like stuff with lower/dirtier production value. People fall for that just as much as people fall for skilled instrumentalists
This is their best album in my opinion - some of the guitar melodies are just perfection.
This album is an absolute masterpiece from the beginning to the end. Superb!
These guys keep producing just amazing music. I can listen to their old stuff and latest and be a happy listener. They always produce great music!!!
Great song, Belphegor is such a reliable band.
One of my favorite bands, and they put on a killer live show
One of my favorite bands all their stuff is solid
Have a sound that you just know is them. Great stuff.
I don't know a lot of their old stuff yet, but Virtus Asinaria has been living in my head for months now :-)
This goddamn record is something else. Godfuck it’s so heavy, and the drumming is straight from the gates of oblivion.
Masterpiece of an album
Little Caesers should use this in their commercials.
*'You'll beg for mercy, but you love to bleed'*
It’s different. I like it. The lack of vocals makes it a pretty chill experience.
Fuck it's great!
Heard their first songs in 2014 via lastfm. Kinda forgot about them until 2 months ago. I really like their two albums, love this song \m/
Great remake of a classic MC song
This band is liiife!!  The supreme force of Eternity is in my top forever changed my life at 16.
Riff kings and queens
Thanks for reminding me about this sick band.
Hot fuck! I haven't listened to Runemagick in forever!
Love this
That riff at 4:40 is just something else. This band is too damn good. Can't wait for April 28th.
Good shit! The synths are really tastefully incorporated
Great stuff. Thanks for sharing!
Been rocking with these guys for a while. If you haven't listened to echoes from deep november do yourself a favor and do so now
Thank you 🙏
The vocalist Kristian was in a band called 60 grit before this. Really fun death metal band to check out
Fuck yes, didn't even know a new one was coming. The last one was a breath of fresh air.
This shit is wicked
Wtf is bone metal
Yeah I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed it, being that death metal isnt my cuppa tea these days lol but Impest took the badass riff route instead of being boring guttural slop
Come get you're bone washed at the oily stool
Whatever it is we need more of it.
everyone needs their femurs greased every so often
Recently learned of this album and these guys about a week ago thanks to youtube. cool shit for sure. started with dodsrit and veldes and wound up here!
Here is the list of GoFundMe links for those that were injured by the roof collapse at the Apollo Theater in Belvidere. Please donate and share the link.  [https://www.theprp.com/2023/04/03/news/gofundme-campaigns-launched-for-more-victims-of-this-past-weekends-tornado-related-venue-collapse-at-morbid-angel-etc-show/](https://www.theprp.com/2023/04/03/news/gofundme-campaigns-launched-for-more-victims-of-this-past-weekends-tornado-related-venue-collapse-at-morbid-angel-etc-show/)  Additionally, you can search for 'roof collapse' and find more fundraisers.  [https://www.gofundme.com/s?q=roof+collapse](https://www.gofundme.com/s?q=roof+collapse)
I am excited to see Vader, Krisiun, and Decrepit Birth tonight.  Nethergate is opening and they also rule.
What is your favorite band(s) that only released one full-length album during their time active?  It's Demilich for me.   Honorable mentions: Revenant, Аспид, Xenomorph, Serpens Aeon, Malignant Altar (still sad about them splitting up)
I’ve had a few days to think about Knotfest Japan after coming back and I think maximum the hormone put on one of the greatest sets I’ve ever seen. Not only did they sound incredible, but their performance with the AR screens was simply amazing. Not a single phone was out during the performance and everyone was singing along and jumping to the music except for the foreigners lol. The event hall was at capacity and the ground was literally shaking during the performance from the ten thousand or so people.   I’ve never seen anything like it. If you ever happen to be in Japan or are planning to go, you must go see this band if they are playing a show.
Anyone have any favorite bands who are thematically based around video games? I know there are a few bands who are heavily influenced by Dark Souls/other FromSoft games, but are there any other bands based around other franchises? I was trying to think of some earlier but came up empty.
I have a lot of concerts coming up in the next few weeks (Metallica twice, Soilwork, Kataklysm, Sabaton, Arch Enemy), but all I seem to do is listening to Zeal&Ardor and Russian Circles. So much new music (new to me), but so little time! :-)
[Does anyone recognize the band on the shirt that Matty is wearing here? ](https://youtu.be/QyCxOqsXgh4?t=85)
Excited to see Gojira, Mastodon, and Lorna Shore all in the same concert. Also have a Conan show coming up :)
anyone else catching Carcass on the 29th? very excited for the main event, although the rest of the roster I'm just not going to set expectations for and hopefully come away from pleasantly surprised
Can someone recommend bands similar to Kreator that have melodic albums? I have been mostly listening to kreator, krisiun and fear factory for the past 7 years. I don't know why but I have an incredibly hard time finding music I like so I kinda gave up a few years ago, I dislike anything made earlier than 1990 and modern stuff usually sounds too generic. Maybe I'm too picky, idk. My all time favorite albums so far are Endorama and Violent Revolution.
These all sound really morbid and unpopular I mean at least I’ve never heard of them. You must have pretty unpopular opinions and op said that’s not allowed call me a Karen if u want but ops rules
Question for the masses:  I'm looking to start writing music soon, but ims struggling to figure out which guitar tuning will work best for my voice. How does one decide which key they sing or harsh in, and which tuning on a guitar fits it best?
See you there buddy! Should be a fun show
That's quite the line-up. Have a great time bro! \\m/
I'm going to see them Friday. I hope they blow you away!
Man I saw Decrepit Birth years ago. Glad to see they’re still doing it.
Repulsion. They lack the demo depth of other bands but Horrified is one of my all time favourite albums.
Lykathea Aflame
Kvist    Thorns (NO)  Crypt of Kerberos    Vinterland    Gorement    Transgressor    Uncanny (SE)    Excruciate (SE)    Delirium (NL)    Miasma (AT)    Molested (NO)    Decomposed (UK)    Decrepit (US, the one from Ohio)    Amorbital    Ripping Corpse    Insect Warfare    Disembowelment    Winter (the death/doom one)    Ved Buens Ende    Odium    Abhorer    Hakuja    Carpathian Full Moon    Midvinter    Vargavinter    Decameron    Naked Whipper    Lihhamon (I refuse to believe they've split up, need more please)
Scald - Will of the Gods is Great Power  Wolf (UK) - Edge of the World  Powerlord - The Awakening  Slaughter - Strappado  Proud Existence - The Trial
Ved Buens Ende and Demilich are my votes. No records sound anything like either of these.
So many of my favorite bands only released one LP. Here's a loose top 15, no order and without thinking too heavily:  * Slaughter - *Strappado* * Rottrevore - *Iniquitous* * Gorement - *The Ending Quest* * Weakling - *Dead as Dreams* * Lurker of Chalice - *Lurker of Chalice* * Kvist - *For kunsten maa vi evig vike* * Molested - *Blod-draum* * Armoured Angel - *Angel of the Sixth Order* (kinda cheating but I love *all* of their non-LP material) * Fallen Christ - *Abduction Ritual* * Scald - *Will of Gods Is a Great Power* * Anubi - *Kai pilnaties akis užmerks mirtis* * Ripping Corpse - *Dreaming with the Dead* * Gammacide - *Victims of Science* * Baphomet - *The Dead Shall Inherit*  Not including demos later reissued as LPs (Repulsion, Poison, Death Strike, etc.).
Some that haven't been mentioned:  * Legend (the American one from New Jersey) * Serpiente Vision - Serpiente Vision * Bloke - Demolición * Ras Algethi - White Hypnotic * Carnage - Dark Recollections
Lots. Here are some off the top of my head:  * Allied Forces * Aryon * Blind Vengeance * Crna Udovica * Dagger * Drýsill * Greifenhagen * Gunnar Grapsi Grupp * Inox * Lazy * Lynx * Messendger * Parakletos * Razormaid * Seventh Seal * Through the Thorns * U4EA * Universe * Wrathprayer * Xipe * Zion
Repugnant's full length is the shit!
Garden of Shadows is my easy answer
I haven't seen this one mentioned yet: Meanstreak - Roadkill  Also seconding some that have already been mentioned:   - Caladan Brood - Echoes of Battle  - Weakling - Dead as Dreams  - Lykathea Aflame - Elvenefris  - Repulsion - Horrified  Also, honorary mention to Enchantment - Dance the Marble Naked, they split up in 1995 but reformed in 2019 and released a second record in 2022.
Weakling
Caladan Brood is a pretty easy answer for me - they're the only band that plays in the "Summoningcore" style of atmoblack and actually does it as well as the original. Plus they got me into Malazan which I'm about to finish after 2 years, so huge bonus points for that haha
Gorement, Molested, Kvist and Odium for me.
Droid or Vexovoid, both dropped one of my favourite prog/tech thrash albums and then seemingly vanished, haven’t seen any updates from either.
Molested, Spiral Architect, Lykathea Aflame, VBE
That haven’t been mentioned  Satans Hallow, Borrowed Time, Deathevokation, Sacrificio and Trenchrot
Used to be Noble Beast until I found out about their vocalist being an abuser :(   Full agree with Malignant Altar. Excoriate and Gallowbraid are up there too.
Matriarch.  They had one album in 2007 that kicked ass. They broke up shortly afterwards, and then a few years ago one of the original members tried reviving the band with a new lineup, but they're currently in a dispute with the other original members over who actually owns the Matriarch copyrights
Not one but two, although I don’t really count the first one:  Necrophagist   Such a shame.
Technically no full-lengths, but significant Demos and EPs:  •Rippikoulu  •Timeghoul
[Crotchduster - Big Fat Box of Shit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGk9XLtEpeQ)
Demonoid  Gallowbraid
I've heard this said about so many bands, and by so many bands about Japan. I'm tempted to follow one of my favorite artists over, or wait for Otoboke Beaver to give me enough lead time on a domestic show.
Shadow of intent - Halo  Tomb Mold - Bloodborne  Visigoth has an ep dedicated to Dark Souls  Firelink - Dark Souls  Power glove - nostalgia drenched instrumental covers of arcade games/ 80/90s cartoon theme songs.
Noctule’s Wretched Abyss is about Skyrim
chthe’ilist has a long track about Majora’s Mask
Shadow of Intent is Halo themed symphonic deathcore.
Powerglove comes to mind. Been a fan of them since the VGMetal.com days
There's a Zelda themed power metal band called The Master Sword that's pretty fun.  [The Hero of Time](https://youtu.be/97hCVYPV_vg)
Ashes of Dagoth is Morrowind themed
POWERGLOVE
Z&A are incredible, saw them open for Mastodon and Opeth and they killed it. One of the most unique bands I know of.
It's not a band,  it's a fishing store.   https://houseflyfishing.com/products/night-fishing-purple
Check out Heathen, specifically the album Empire of the Blind.  Artillery are also great, By Inheritance is a good album to start with.  Sodom are also probably worth a listen (if you haven't already). They vary a lot from album to album, M-16 might be your best bet.  I know you said you aren't into newer stuff, but Sylosis and Hooded Menace are both fantastic recent-ish bands, albeit a bit further stylistically from Kreator.
You might've replied to the wrong comment.
What
*record scratch.
It isn't really about the tuning, it's about the key that the songs are written in. You will be able to write stuff that you can comfortably sing over in any tuning.   What you may be thinking of is cover songs, where sometimes the original key will be too high or low and needs to be transposed to match your voice; similarly, sometimes older bands will play their old songs at the same fret positions but in a lower tuning to play the songs in a different key to make it easier on their singer, who likely can't sing as high anymore.  For originals guitar tuning should not be a big consideration. There are baritones that sing over material written on guitars played in E and high tenors singing over material written for guitars tuned to B.
I completely forgot about Ripping Corpse and Molested. Those albums are killer. Ripping Corpse actually recorded a second album that was never released. It's a little rough sounding since it wasn't fully finished, but can be heard [here](https://youtu.be/YHoSOZj-HVw).
Citadel of Dreams might just contain the greatest riff ever written
Not only did the dude only release one Caladan Brood album, there is also only one Gallowbraid album.
Droid are apparently working on a new album, or were about a year ago according to a comment on their Facebook page. I’ve been a fan since I saw them open for Skeletonwitch in Toronto in 2016.  No idea about Vexovoid but would love a follow-up from them too.
> Sacrificio  This is how I find out they're split up. Add them to my list. And Satan's Hallow as well, I forgot about them.
Good call on Satan's Hallow and Trenchrot.
If you have the opportunity to see a band from Japan in their home country, do it. I’ve traveled overseas to see concerts and Japan was definitely the most unique experience from all of them followed by Iron Maiden in Sweden.
I've been a fan of Powerglove pretty much since they started, it's awesome to see how popular they still are 20 years later.
Shadow of Intent’s Reclaimer is so good
I’m checking out Z&A for the first time since y’all are talking about them and can confirm that this is some pretty sick shit.
Haha, that's awesome. Thanks!
Thanks for the suggestions, I'll check it out.
It’s called being sarcastic but I forgot ppl on Reddit have no sense of humor and hate jokes :/
This is a fantastic answer, and I appreciate it greatly.  I'm now left with the question, how do I decide which tuning to set my guitar to? I'll be using both standard and drop tunings, so does it just come down to listening to bands and their sounds?
Just out of curiosity, what was unique about seeing Iron Maiden in Sweden?
And they are really good live too, saw them in a small venue last year and that probably was my concert of the year !
There's literally zero context in what you said.
No, you just aren't funny. And nobody knows what you're talking about.
I'd stick in E Standard til you have enough experience to make a more informed decision instead of picking something arbitrary if you have no idea what you want to do. It doesn't sound like you have a lot of knowledge here and most learning tools for guitar are based around E, so it'll make it harder on you to learn in a different tuning. IE- chord fingerings are all based on E by default, scale fingerings and fret positions, etc.  Nor does it necessarily really matter- plenty of super-heavy bands wrote in E. Timeghoul and Obituary (on Slowly We Rot), for example.
So I had only ever seen Maiden in the states before and The venues they played in had a much smaller capacity, around 20K. When I saw them in Sweden, they played at a Football stadium outside Stockholm which had a capacity of just over 40K. It was just a different experience with that much more people all to see Maiden. The crowd also seemed much more into it than when I saw them in the states.
🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️
You're not far off the mark, but I've been hands on the instrument for many years. I just don't understand how people decide what tuning to play in. Most of the music I like is lower than Standard E/Drop D.  Also, I have a guitar I'll be leaving in Standard E, I'm looking to understand how one chooses a lower tuning.
What do you want to do? What does that sound like? What range of pitches best suits that? You just need to figure that out for yourself and your music.  It doesn't necessarily matter much. I've had a guitar in C for years and mostly written in C out of convenience, comfort, and laziness. I barely use the lower notes on the low C and could play most of my setlists in E. On the other hand I'm in a band that plays mostly in B and for that one we play a lot of lower notes. It's all goal dependent.
Gotcha. It's just a matter of fucking around and finding out. I can do that.
Oh fuck yeah I didn't realize these guys had new stuff out, I adored Demonic Weapons--super excited to check this one out.
Very nice!
Interesting aesthetic in their video
*'L'homme seul s'imagine, Les scènes les plus intimes'*   old vhs rip so TURN IT UP!
They described it as a sort of successor to Pure, but this reminds me more of the material off Selfless.
I feel like justin is recycling riffs and drum patterns here.  I thought it was Spite, but that isnt it. I can swear this sounds nearly identical to the riff of an earlier GF song.  *edit* for the record I am a huge fan of JKB. From Ice, Techno Animal, Pale Sketcher, GOD, Jesu, and all eras of Godflesh.  Seen GF a few times live, seen Jesu live, met the man, I am about as fanboi as it gets. So it isn't an off the cuff comment I am making.
Song goes dummy hard
This is pretty bad, honestly.  Boring ass programmed drums with 2-3 diminished chords playing the same rhythm for 4 minutes.  Highschool kids can make better garbage than this in their free time.
I feel like the bass needs to be more THICC in the mix like most of their modern stuff
Its not about the songwriting as much as its about how the song feels. The feeling of being absorbed by a relentless machine in a cold world made of grey and concrete. That kind of thing.  Maybe check out their album Merciless?
> its about how the song feels  Streetcleaner and Pure were go-to albums for maxing out my car's speakers back in college. But I agree that this one "feels" a bit lazy (just an opinion)
*O Misery you live*   *I have been struck and am suffering*   *O Misery you live*   *O misery you live in death*  Virgin Black is IMO one of the best metal bands with operatic vocals. Probably the best symphonic doom out there.
Fucken love em, walk without limbs is my fav from them so far
Crazy underrated band. I have all their work.
One of my three favourite songs from them, it's great.
Yeah, that one is awesome! I recommend most of their discography!
>Crazy underrated band.  Definitely! It's crazy how they flew under the radar of a bunch of people.
Put the label Christian on anything and it’s an immediate pass. Fact is they are not a Christian band, they are just deeply interested in faith, divinity, etc, and are not part of any formal church that I know of.
This was pretty cool. I haven't listened to Kalmah since *They Will Return*, but maybe it's time to revisit them.
This is an amazing song!!! Thank you for showing this!!!
Damn that was awesome. I remember discovering and loving Kalmah in high school and glad they’re still going strong
Very nice, melodic, and I always liked vocal part too. Haven't listened to Kalmah since their swamp album (which is awesome), time to check new stuff I guess.
Amazing song. Haunted By Guilt, also from the upcoming album is pretty good.
Ok wow this was incredible IMO
It definitely is, considering you missed arguably their best album (The Black Waltz)
You should at least listen the one after They Will Return, Swampsong. It is their best album along with They Will Return, it is an all killer/no filler type of album. Pasi Hiltula left the band after Swampsong, so to me the first 3 albums with Pasi Hiltula are the gold standard.
That's the album that got me into them. Have been a fan ever since! I'd highly recommend The Black Waltz as that one is my favorite album.  Also, [Paystreak](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xnt8kvbh2bM).
I just listened to it and that shit slaps.  It's a bit like they went back to 2005 and said "this is when we had it right."
I mean, I *heard* Black Waltz, but it didn't grab me at the time, so I didn't really give it a proper listen.   I tend to "skim" an album, listen for anything that grabs me, and then give a deep listening session where I try to drink it deep. That's more my meaning here.
A very young Corpsegrinder long before Cannibal Corpse thought of replacing Chris Barnes.
If you enjoyed that, you might like to to know that Inis Mona is based off a very popular traditional Breton song, "[Tri Martolod](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tri_Martolod)", telling the story of three young sailors setting off for love and adventure on the ocean.  [Here's a pretty good modern rendition](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMQbcGNs9kg) by Alan Stivell, one of the forefathers of the Celtic musical revival.  Somewhat fun fact: in the glorious 90s, a French hip-hop band called Manau had their breakthrough thanks to a [rap version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDJ0McwKCwQ) of that song telling epic stories of Armorican warrior tribes, druids and shit.   And to everyone's amazement, Eluveitie and Manau played it together at Hellfest a few years back.
Friend of mine playsd me this song ages ago. We were plastered at the time. Then I kept asking for a metal song with bagpipes that had a blonde girl with big ass sword on the cover. I swear for years we couldn't find this song. We got totally fucked again and found this. Great song.
She's a fucking beast!
I love Eluveitie so much. Each track is a bliss to hear. Only wish to see them live one day
I love Fabis voice I missed out seeing them live in Sydney before convid if they come back going without hesitation, and what Anna is doing in Cellar Darling is amazing
Despite Chrigel not being able to attend this tour, I had a fantastic time when I saw them in Ottawa. Adrienne and Jukka did a great job as they took turns covering for Chrigel, and the final duet for Inis Mona was really cool.
I don't think Chrigel sounded anywhere near as good as them in the last decade.
This song never fails to make the hairs on the back of my neck stand up.
Wow that verse of tri martolod also sounds eerily close to the chorus of The Wanderer - Ensiferum
> Here's a pretty good modern rendition by Alan Stivell  man, that youtube account is terminated an your post is only 4 hours old :(
Wow, I had no idea. Thank you very much for this. The more you know, haha. I enjoyed all the versions, I guess I just like the song that much
Youtube+alcohol induced ADD=bitchin music library.
She's fuckin incredible.
I'm not even much of a fan but they were one of the best shows I've ever seen.  I wasn't even sure I was gonna stay for them.  So you should definitely do it.
I've seen them a few times, they're always great. No matter if club or festival, they just deliver.
That's me being lazy and c/ping a comment that's SEVEN years old. I can't remember which version I had linked so here's the classic one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMQbcGNs9kg
Cheers!
Really liked their last EP and this is great also
