Translation: We just need to get rid of Westbrook
there's a copypasta in there somewhere
What converting a huge negative to 3 positives does to a team with LeBron and AD.
Replacing defensive liabilities and shooting liabilities with strong shooters and defenders and then making your hyper efficient SG/SF become your starting 2 and backup 1 all seem like intelligent decisions to turn around the season
LeResurrection
LeBron is stating what every Lakers fan is feeling right now. We really have suffered these last 2 years
LeFliptheSwitch
LeBuffy
Westbrook lives rent free in the heads of Lakers fans. Its been months since he left y'all team, leave him alone.
“Win lose or draw, let’s just have fun”
Luka Doncic: "I was just telling Kai, I was like, 'Man, can you believe that we going to finish this season below .500 after everything that's gone on this season?' We've turned this thing around."
I'm not good with these. F for Effort.  Luka: "I was just telling Kyrie, I was like, 'Man, can you believe that we going to tank below .500 after everything that's gone on this season?' We've turned this thing around."
You mean 2 months?
Tell me you're lying rn... Where has Letime gone :(
It depends on the Clippers, they've ducked teams before
Yes, but honestly Im not sure you can count on any team trying to win these last games so I wouldnt put much stock in it. Like do the Warriors and Clippers really want the Suns in the first?
Depends on the Pelicans. If Clippers beat Portland but lose to Phoenix, and Pelicans and Warriors win their last games then Warriors are 5th, Pelicans are 6th, Clippers are 7th, and Lakers are 8th.
Obviously
Portland might as well just get UConn to play for them at this rate.
Both would rather face the Kings, I'm sure, but have to be careful to avoid play-in...could get interesting.
If the alternative is the play in then of course. And either way you're going to have to beat good teams eventually
Meh, it's fine with the cutoff
They should just make it per minute then lol. After all, what if a guy gets hurt 2 mins into the game which can hurt their per game stats. Actually just make it per second.  I’m sure Embiid would win no matter what.
Great idea  I’m tired of seeing decimal places
I think it should go the other way actually, make it per 36 minutes. That would eliminate players leaving in the first quarter and having it penalize them
…can’t you have both?
It should actually be per 36 minutes
It’s not a bad idea because it bakes in the stuff which the minimum game requirement tries to address.
Yeah, Lakers Warriors rematch in 2021 would have been so hype
Highest seed to ever make a finals was a 6th. There’s the answer to your question.
There has definitely never been a 7/8 match-up in rhe conf finals
Uhhhh.
> Highest seed to ever make a finals was a 6th  That’s definitely not true. -Larry Johnson
Congratulations, you have just learned through difference between theoretical and actual
lol the 99 season was a farce
Yea but you obviously wrote your first statement without knowing this and then googled to find which >6 seed made the Finals.
I don't have anything against Mavericks or something, I just thought people would like to see the final moments of it.
[The Play-in God is Luka Doncic's father](https://imgur.com/a/rA65Xp3)
Perfect execution of Kidd’s drawn up play, beautiful ball from the Mavs.
O/U how many times this guys gonna post this?
[Limp Dick 77 bows to the King Dong](https://imgur.com/a/gIXff4l)
I remember when Dallas was a perennial basement dweller
It’ll be hilarious if they still don’t get to keep their pick. The draft is also filled with mostly freshman up top, so many won’t even make an impact for the next few years. Some of these freshman struggled a lot in NCAA play, especially those projected 8-15.
I know Mark Cuban in that locker room going off on them boys
Yeah it’s gonna be a lot more than that in the future with how much they sold themselves out to end up garbage with Kyrie just for him to leave. A mid level lottery pick ain’t fixing that team.
A certain German big man kept them afloat during that time
The 90s were a rough time to be a Mavs fan after Aguirre got traded
Icy hot 🥶🔥
we better put his son in the bench from now on
Finally made some damn shots  Kept us in the game in the 2nd quarter when the Suns couldn't miss
Dad energy
Coulda been the first active (step)father - son combo in NBA history, beating LeBron - Bronny
Played good defense as well. Was surprised when he caught a lob
They look a bit burnt out mentally/physically  They’re basically guaranteed a play-in game on Tuesday. Quick turnaround  Gotta find that second wind somehow because they looked absolutely deflated the past few games
It’s a parade inside my city 🫡
we had really difficult schedule in beginning of the season, and fairly easy schedule in the end  in that talk we still lost to Rocket, throw away Mavs game, and almost lost to Jazz in OT
Do they still have a top defense?
This says more about the Western Conference
To be fair they’ve had an extremely easy schedule. Don’t think they’ve beaten a team over .500 without that team missing an all star  Beat the teams in front of you tho tbf, we sure haven’t done that this season
That's...honestly kind of a scathing indictment of the western conference.
5th game in 7 nights. Few of them on road
They're going to have 5 games in 7 days before the play in. Lebron looks like he's coasting again which is the smart thing to do
In a span of a week they’ll have played 5 games. Plus, they’re coming off a road trip. I doubt Bron and AD play on Sunday, especially if there’s no way they move up to the 6th seed.
3rd
post-all star break we're #3. pre-all star we were #18
With the way we played against the clippers and today, I doubt it
They wouldn't have beaten those teams with the pre-deadline team, that's for sure.
Lakers without Lebron beating the Warriors without Wiggins was probably their best win. Or any of the Pelicans games. Interestingly, the Lakers best wins were at the beginning of the year when Westbrick was still eating up 40m+ of cap (Bucks, Grizz, Nuggets x2)
While this is true, we also have to factor in the games we didn't have Bron or AD (or both). Play who's in front of you, with who you've got.
Maybe Ham will finally play Bamba then.
Lakers need to win to secure the 7th seed, ain't no way an away play-in game is a good idea
That’s valid for sure
Mavericks comeback game as well
Everything hinges on ADs health rest that man
For sure.
Lol we already know the answer Monty
It's not happening, we all know it. I'm just glad the initial reports of Biyombo and Payne look to be non-serious contusions
Absolutely not.  The final game is Suns vs Clippers.  A Clippers win ensures they play them in the playoffs.
Monty, you cheeky son of a gun!
That means they’re not playing then lmao
Im gonna say they wont
Still can’t believe the Lakers dug out of that ungodly hole  Shoutout Rob for saving the season with that trade
Man what a roller coaster of a season
All because they traded Westbrook
they looked tired and didn't really play active defense at all tonight, but if do end 7th if they can win their play-in game without too much fuss hopefully they'll be ready and amped for the playoffs. love to see Bron and AD at their best in the postseason.
I have to admit, lakers really did went full speed ahead after the ASG and kept on winning with a better roster
Whether this season ends next week in the Play In or in the NBA Finals (lol), one thing is for certain: this has been an incredible recovery. 2-10 is a death sentence and looked to be the season from hell. Arguably worse than any of those baby Laker seasons given this team had real expectations. Credit to everyone from top to bottom. Even doubly special considering this term survived multiple stints where AD and LeBron were out. That’s a miracle in itself
I still cant believe they got D'lo Beasley and Vanderbilt for Westbrook and a protected 1st.  just wild.
Yessir
This Lakers team is making one of the greatest turnarounds we’ve ever seen  The Nuggets/Grizzlies should be very scared of them
So how far into the playoffs do they have to make for it to be an all time come-back?
what a trophy for us
gotta protect the ratings
Lakers literally got three starting caliber players (a former all star and two high quality role players) for their 6th man and a first rounder.   Amazing
The only things Rob has really done wrong since Magic got out of the way is blow up the title winning team (likely due to outside influence) and signing Andre Drummond.
Even individual games are always a rollercoaster lol
Rui for Nunn and 2nds also. That's turned into highway robbery.
I think they have to win two games in the first round to have people not laugh at them too much.
35 wins max
Lakers fans are gonna clown on people who said they weren't making the playoffs, but literally who could've predicted this. How tf did they get such a haul for Westbrook after getting Rui for absolutely nothing right before that??
Him not bringing back Brook Lopez in the 2018 offseason was also a bad move
Drummond was a buy out guy he was fine ended up not costing us anything. Honestly i still would be okay with him as a back up for the min
That was an absolute steal. Rui's essential for this team and just getting better.
Analytically the Cavs would've had to have a better supporting cast than Jeff Green Kyle Korver JR Smith and Jordan Clarkson
That JR Smith timeout was classic 😂😂😂
Yes
i dont know. we really werent good before the kyrie trade. the only reason we were in that 4th spot (where 4-11 seeds were seperated by like 2 games lol) is because we had a big home win streak against tanking teams and Luka went nuclear October-Jan. our style of play is not sustainable. would the extra chemistry and extra size in only DFS (which again we were shit at defense anyway) make up so much for it? a lot of our losses came in clutch situations.  not to mention Jason Kidd has been an absolute disaster this year  the biggest thing for us is losing DFS not because of his defense but because he was kinda our leader, most vocal in the locker room. Vibes were shit all year anyway tho, I always wanted a guy like vanderbilt or something smaller at the deadline. at least offload Bertans, THJ or flip Wood. we did none of that, instead we lost more assets  its not kyrie's fault he's been great here. its just a really shit situation. we just have no defense, no paint protection, no leadership and a coach who just watches.  it was doomed from the start. Our miserable roster construction caught up to us. an absolute failure that goes back to the KP trade of misusing assets and trying to compete too early because Luka is that good. that fact we didnt put together any pieces that stuck while luka was on his rookie contract is now killing us
Yeah I think so, but probably not top 6
All of our depth and defense? We traded Dinwiddie - who is a like for like and Kyrie is a massive improvement. And DFS who, while a solid defender has been absolutely terrible this year. (Even worse after the trade)  The main issue is that we have had a glaring hole at Center/rebounding for the last decade
Mavs had 55 clutch games this season including tonight, I remember seeing it on the graphic. It’s certainly possible that one defensive stop from DFS could have changed the course of the game, but they already had a lot of clutch games before the deadline.   It’s also possible with Spence and DFS they wouldn’t have had the same 4th quarter offensive power that Kyrie has and wouldn’t have even made it a clutch game. Shit like this is hard to figure out but I think they would have at least made the play in
No, they would be top 6.
Nah.  But they'd still be in better shape because they didn't give up a 2029 unprotected 1st for Kyrie lmao.  They better hope Kyrie goes elsewhere instead of signing a max contract with them, because if so, Luka is G-O-N-E.
They didn’t have depth or defense to begin with
Definitely would've been in the play-ins. DFS is a very underrated player.   But in the grand scheme if they end up getting a top 10 pick then they won.
Nah. Kyrie isn’t the problem on this team no matter what the media tells you. Worst team in rebounding and defense almost.
[Limp Dick 77 bows to the King Dong](https://imgur.com/a/gIXff4l)
yes, kyrie curse too strong
Yeah probably. While DFS is a good defender, I think the bigger issue is that they essentially blew up their defensive system mid-season and messed up team chemistry in the process. That's big.
Yes
Yes. People are underestimating the defensive impact DFS has. I think Kyrie is the best part of the Mav's team. But DFS accounted for a lot of the problems that the Mav's defense had, and Dinwiddie still provided a lot.
Don’t follow the mavs day in and day out as a hardcore fan but you need to win your last 3 i think and you make the playoffs. So why would you sit your stars tonight looking to lose . Why would you purposely want to not make the playoff. Injuries and a guy gets stupid hot for a couple serious and you never know how things end up. What is the rationale for this
Yes. Better overall chemistry.
lol people forgot what happened early in the season already.    Luka was having the most impressive ball dominant season of all time and they were still losing games. There were literally post about it wearing Luka out. They had a stretch of wins right before the trade deadline were they won like 7 to get over .500. Spurs x2 and Houston x2.    The defense is worse post trade but it wasn't good with DFS before the trade either. That team was going to struggle to stay .500 with tougher schedule and Luka regression/injury.
We've had exactly 1 consistently good center, ever.
Yup. I don’t know if we keep Kyrie or if Luka stays long term or if we’re gonna be better next year, but the cliff dive this team took post trade was well underway before Nico pulled the trigger. The general NBA take is all about inevitable implosion, but I remember the post-Nash team that found its footing in year two and went to the finals. Things can change fast.
😏 So they would be better than the Warriors if they didn’t trade for Kyrie?
So they better hope they gave the 2029 pick away for nothing?
Trading Brunson, DFS, and Dinwiddie for nothing, maybe D’Angelo Russell at best while hoping Wood doesn’t lock means Luka is even more G-O-N-E. They don’t have the assets to get a #2 option half as good as Kyrie, acting like they should want him gone is laughable.
DFS regressed some, Reggie a lot. Our defense went from good and switchable with a hole in the middle to straight swiss cheese in an offseason.
we were bad at defense with DFS this year tho, he's shown a lot of regression before he got hurt.
they wont, but people should rewatch those games before the deadline. they were painful
Part of my answer is obviously sarcastic based on the way the OP worded his question (maybe should have put a … rather than a comma). But if we are being honest here, I do think they would be around the 7-9 seed (so yes to the OP’s question). If you are going to hold me to my first answer, I’m going to say the Clippers 😛
That pick is already gone.   No need to ruin the next decade by signing Kyrie to a max and destroying your franchise by forcing the generational superstar out.
>  acting like they should want him gone is laughable.  I think you grossly underestimate just how toxic Kyrie is to a team and its fanbase.  I wouldn't want him on my team on a vet min contract, let alone a max contract.
Brunson wasn't traded.  He just left in free agency last year cuz they wouldn't pay him.
Yet that’s Cubans master plan
LeBron memorizing all these handshakes is crazy.  He even has one with his photographer lol
https://streamable.com/n76s7o
If its secret, nobody knows duh
You wanna ruin the secret?
Troy Brown Jr and Malik also have a secret handshake lol
Lakers probably have the most handshakes in the league
LePhotographicMemory
That's fucking hilarious 😭😭
Lakers with three 20 point scorers and they weren’t LeBron or AD
Beasly saw Scottie pippen Jr on the bench and decided it’s my time to shine
Needed the Warriors to lose tonight to avoid the play-in imo. Blazers are going to go full tank on Sunday.
Beasley and Reaves were backpacking the shit out of them for awhile there. Pretty sure D'lo got like 9 of his points in the final 3 minutes but still a good shooting night from him
Very unlikely they actually get 6th. Clippers would have to lose their two games and one of them is against the Blazers and Pelicans would have to lose too.   >!Now that I've said it watch them lose.!<
Lakers have, what, 6 guys you wouldn't be surprised to see get 20 on any given night? LeBron AD Russell Reaves Beasley and Schroder.
We’re not avoiding the play-in
Lakers just need to play hot hand basketball. They got four dudes who have put up 30+ in the last few weeks. Whoever’s hot gets the rock.
They don't have the tiebreaker over Clippers, who get two games against Suns and Blazers, both of whom don't have anything left to play for.  They have tiebreaker over Golden State, but warriors play Blazers as their final game so realistically, not much hope there either.  In fact, If them, Clippers and Pelicans end up in a 3 way tie, they can fall all the way down to 8 seed with Clippers in 7 and Pelicans in 6.
Is the play in between them mavs wolves pelicans?
Lord if that is the AD and Lebron…… the grizzles got a good warm up round
Do Lakers want 6th or 7th?
Looked like a few times they were both expecting a whistle they didnt get. Reaves also had a few of those.
What a great role model for young players like SPJ
Let's be real, #7 seed is what's gonna happen  If you asked me if we would take that a month ago, I would say hell fucking yeah
kings went full tank as well lol. it’s one game so anything can happen, but yeah, lakers are probably the 7 seed
\#7 is still great all things considered
That’s the more complicated scenario. I’m pretty sure the Warriors just have to lose on Sunday (as unlikely as it is) and the Lakers win and they’re 6th. They have the tiebreaker over the Pelicans and Warriors.
1. Lakers hold the tiebreaker over the pelicans  2. Lakers can get 6th if the warriors lose Sunday and lakers win
I read somewhere if clippers lose to the suns and the pelicans beat the wolves, then the clips would drop to 7th.
Hachimura too
In that case Reaves always deserves the rock.. 😏
Can't see Clippers losing either of their last two games unless they are actively trying to duck the Suns
Mavs are toasted, roasted and turned into Jerky. Playin if it stands is 7- Lakers 8- Pelicans 9- Wolves 10 -Thunder.   Lakers Guaranteed themselves an 8 seed with the win tonight. Thunder are locked at 10.
6th. That one week rest for Bron and AD is crucial instead of playing an extra Playoff-Level game.
6th for sure. They get to rest Lebron/Ad for a week and avoid the play-in.
I'm just counting that as a win for Warriors. It's Blazers on a B2B.
eh sure i'll give you him too. he's scored only 20 once as a Laker but, again, no one would really be shocked or stunned if he has a big night in the playoffs one game
I don't think any team will be trying to duck anybody anymore. Realistically the moment PG and Zion got hurt for both Pelicans and Clippers, this season became more of a "Let's see where we stand as a franchise moving forward rather than thinking about the title this season."  On top of that Warriors are already defending champs, they don't think they need to duck anybody at all. Lakers don't have the luxury to duck anybody.  Imo final standings end up as Clippers, Warriors, Lakers, Pelicans 5-8 seeding. What happens in the play in, idk, but just remember pelicans are 9-2 in last 11 games. That is not an easy team to beat rn.
I meant thunder
That's gotta be the most blatant admission of tanking ever.  I don't blame Kidd for absolving himself of blame and putting it on his bosses lol
That's a fine.
Is it legal to admit that?
you dont say it out loud bruh tf 💀🤦‍♂️
Actual blatant tanking. Send them to Seattle.
Lmao is this the wildest thing an NBA coach has said? Especially with the league promoting gambling so much a coach fully admitting to throwing a game is wild
but when they order you to win, you didn't follow their decision
doesn't this admission bring up integrity of the game questions
The NBA’s gotta drop the hammer for this one. Tf.
[Mark Cuban] (https://gfycat.com/closedjollyiaerismetalmark-jonah-hill-nope-stop)
This is shameless, league is cooked
Bro wut lmfao
it feels like kidd is playing a game and always selects the worst possible option for his comments lmaooo, hopefully he's fired mid season
Leagues gotta do something about this right? Take the pick or something. This can't be rewarded
Take their pick away. Do it you cowards
lmaooo he's trying to get himself fired
dude is fired hahaha  you dont say that to the camera even if everyone knows bruh
Say what you want about Kidd  But man knows how to stir up drama
Dude is so gone after this season. People clown on Jason Kidds coaching ability but he probably didn't even have full control of his job. For all we know he was against the Ky trade.
So you're saying that was Cuban putting his face in his hands and going   *Fuck yeah*
Look I’d like my pick as much as the next guy but the other unfortunate truth is that Mavs teams is more than a lottery pick away from contending.
Straight to jail
Luka really gone
Kidd can have tantrums but a terrible coach isn’t taking you to the wcf
Lol, I feel like you aren't supposed to say it.
This is your coach Dallas Mavericks. 🤣     After all that effort Cuban went through sitting at the whole game and then acting crushed when the team lost. Down the drain. 🤣
\-500k
WOW he really is a moron lmao
If Mark Cuban was actually a good businessman he'd fire himself.
So is silver going to punish them and put colangelo in their gm spot. Or will he only do that to us
Egghead is literally begging Cuban to fire him lmao
take way their pick!!
We lost by 3, and tried to win 80/82 games this year  Wild how people are more up in arms about this than the teams that blatantly tanked for the whole year (some over the course of multiple seasons)
"Decisions sometimes are hard in this business, and you have to make hard decisions"  Hell yeah bro
wow I cant believe Kidd would out Cuban and Nico like that. oh nooooo it would be a shame if they got mad and fired Kidd. please oh noooooo
Adam Silver seeing this and thinking, how about another useless tournament! That'll teach em
Bucks fans tried to tell everyone that J-Kidd is a fucking moron LOL
This is a wild time in sports we are in right now. You can tell Jason wasn’t on board with this.
Do other professional sports tank like this? This is honestly pathetic for a pro sport
Have these people heard of lying?
It’s okay guys, next season he’ll turn this team around 360 degrees.
do they keep their own pick, or is it they have a higher chance of keeping their own pick now
Jfc, the organization is an absolute mess
Cuban is such a piece of garbage. The Mavs are a child’s organization.
My bosses wants a new coach next season so...
Nah we losin either way
he gone
Kyrie gone
I think Kidd is admiting this with Cuban's blessing.
Yikes dawg
I wanted Dallas to win for the chaos.  Now I'm deprived of a team legitimately forfeiting a game preemptively.
Oh my fucking God.
Hilariously they only lost by three so like what is the league to do here?
Wouldn’t be surprised if he just cost them a pick
TAKE. THAT. PICK.   Can’t stand Jason Kidd for the life of me, but good on him for making it clear who made the call on that.   It’s gonna be even funnier once he gets scapegoated (not saying he’s a good coach in the slightest) and fired next season if they under perform again.
NBA has to rig it so Dallas' pick conveys to NY at 11, this is a little bit wild and probably means Kidd is done after this season
Bro you're an NBA coach you just take the ego hit and weasel around it. Did he do that on purpose to get fired or beef with Cuban or is he a complete idiot and not know how this works?
bruh that pick will have to carry all the pressure that mavs made a good decision
HES BLINKING IN MORSE CODE
Honestly—and I mean *truly*—How was this man a basketball savant on the court, but such an idiot from the sidelines?  I was super frustrated when both he and Jared Dudley left the Lakers to join the Mavs. How did Vogel ensure that this man’s reach was mitigated on that championship team?
Take away their pick lmao
I missed this. What happened?
0.0 chance Dallas moves up in the lottery now lol
Umm... doesn't the league still pretend that is isn't OK to try and lose?
Wtf hahah. We might see Luka on different jersey next season 😂
JKidd is a dumpster truck of a HC either way. Even if he wasn’t ordered to lose, the Mavs would’ve lost with him at the helm
Surely the league doles out some kind of punishment? We all know teams tank, but this is the first time I’ve heard a coach come out and literally say it
Holy shit they Fucking admitted it. The Fucking balls
Yeah Luka is definitely outta here at this point. Just nuts.
[oh my god he admit it](https://i.giphy.com/media/14e5M1adodXpspqrGT/giphy.webp)
NBA has to fine them or something right? You can't just outright say you tried to lose
> I don't blame Kidd for absolving himself of blame  Like if he *didn't* say this there was a single human alive that was gonna be like "huh, maybe J-Kidd thought not playing anyone and Luka for 2 seconds was the key to victory?"
I blame him when his bosses promising to keep him even tho he garbage. And now they gonna take our pick or some shit.
There has been worse. Troy Weaver said “we’ve positioned ourselves for another high draft choice in this year’s draft” in a letter to Pistons fans the other day. I don’t think Kidd necessarily has him beat as a recent example.
Like it matters...  1/3 of the teams every season have absolutely no interest in winning games.
Did they also tell him to lose all those other games?
That's their pick gone.
Brady suspended 4 games
Why would it be a fine? Obviously management makes load management calls, they're just trying to keep their players healthy
shit a fine for kidd is just another day of his life when he was younger lol
I will make it legal      -Darth Cuban
This was something unsubstantiated in the Brian Flores lawsuit due to it being “a joke” similar to that by the dolphins owner to him. I doubt there is any paper trail connecting the owner/GMs in this case desire to tank so they’ll all pretend they’re joking about it and nothing will come of it.    But I can’t believe he actually said it out loud. That’s monumentally stupid for a coach.
Send them to a better city?
They announced Pre game that Luka was only playing a quarter
Yes, I’m in shock that he actually said this   Edit: this may get him fired more than his performance this year
They've overachieved since he's been there
The boss on the other team also orders them to win. We should have bosses box out half time to determine who’s the actual boss.
yes which is why they fine for it
Yeah you can’t say the quiet part out loud and get away with it.
i dunno why ur blaming kidd, the roster he was given and then got the great blassing of trade some decent rotation pieces for the problem child. this is  more so on the front office. kidd would have never wanted to trade for kyrie like that.   your team had shit for defense and its not like the players are going randomly just learn defense. kidd like to run his lineup with 2 scorers, 2 defense 1 size/lineup depending. he hates any type of slacking.  last year when you had people who could play defense your defense was near the top of the league.   kidd is brutally honest and considering his ego it will lead to some bad or weird possible things. kidd fucking hates losing, i guarantee that kiddd sadi that out load because he was pissed off about higher ups told to do it
mid-season?  Probably get the word after their last game on Sunday.
who cares, he's a shit coach and doesn't deserve a head coaching position
no hes not gone, he has a vdry long and good relationship with cuban. suban already gave it away when he got asked a question.  this is 100% the front offices fault, kidd would never have made that trade3 if it was up to him. who they signed in the offseason couldnt play defense and they lost they best defender last off season.   kidds been my favorite player my whole life, i have watched more jason kidd games than most people alive lol. when he was on the nets  the dude had more control as a player than kidd has as a coach right now. dude was ppractically the coach when he had frank as his hc, kidds ego would call over the hc and draws plays on timeouts.
Would be interesting if they really lucked out and got Wembanyama though.
The blazers have been playing dudes with made up names like Jeenathan for weeks now, idk why people are so upset at the mavs
I don't really care about the Mavs tanking, it's sad considering Kyrie was a playoff push trade but it is what it is.     Definitely a insane statement by Kidd to admit it though
Depends on how the lottery goes. Could still lose it if they get unlucky
What's he gonna do, quit?  This is 100% on Cuban because his hiring decisions have been sus as hell to say the least these last few years.
What exactly can he do with this roster though
That’s still not his fault lol is he supposed to just quit his job ?
But 1/3 of teams don't publicly admit it.
Dude I would die laughing
That's their pick gone and unprotected. Please.
subscribe
That would be...something. Trying to protect your top-10 pick, then your coach basically gives it away by opening his big mouth.
Mark Cuban about to file another formal protest
Mark Cuban needs a kick in the balls, I would love for this to happen
Adam will collect the pound of flesh
I wanna see that Mark Cuban promo.
Magic in handcuffs
Last time Cuban admitted to tanking he was fined something like 600k
Seattle's pretty cool bro, have you ever been?
OP meant mid summer league season obv
kidd isnt going to get fired, cuban has to good of a relationship with him to do that.
I’m rooting for the Mavs to not get Wemby (they probably won’t), and the Blackhawks to not get Bedard.
Because the Mavs have Luka and Kyrie.  No one cares when crap teams do what they do
Lol
They're gonna drop aren't they?
yeah, I’m saying how is it a punishment to send them to the better city (Seattle).   not many cities in the US better than Seattle when the weather is right
It’s a very dirty city and nothing opens before 11am. It’s not that great.
You are way overselling that city
Yea, esp after a conference final run last year too from another perspective, gonna take another disaster year or at least start to next year for that seat to get hot
Oh I see haha, okay, maybe Oklahoma needs another team lol
LeBron would’ve killed a man to have a teammate as good as KP or Kyrie or even Brunson during his first stint in Cleveland
It shouldn’t considering Luka has a way better team lol
No cause LeBron atleast made the finals (granted a pretty weak eastern conference) and made all-defensive teams. I'm skeptical Luka makes a NBA finals in the next two seasons, and I obviously don't anticipate him making all-defensive teams.
\- the defence + better help + fame whore owner - comic sans
where do you think Luka will end up? Heat or Lakers?
depends on next year  surround Kyrie and Luka with defenders and you should be competitive
"It seems the same (besides the defense lol)"  Also besides Lebron's ability to elevate literally everyone around him
Not really. People have forgotten just how AWFUL the Cavs were during Bron’s first stint. His best teammates during those years were Mo Williams, Zydrunas Ilgauskas, the corpses of Ben Wallace and Shaq, Donyell Marshall and Boobie Gibson.  None of those guys come anywhere close to as good as any of Kyrie, Brunson or Kristaps.
LeBron is better than Luka will ever be.
It's going to be like Harden's Rockets stint.
[The Play-in God is Luka Doncic's father](https://imgur.com/a/rA65Xp3)
Mo Williams/Ilgauskas >>> Brunson/Porzingis
You can pay your own stars so much more money now that's it's way less likely that they leave.
I think they should trade their pick for a good defensive anchor type player
No way Luka is still a Mav by 2027. He will leave this loser organization by then.
Yeah hes going to the lakers for dlo
Yes and Luka doesn't have the hometown loyalty of Bron. Once Luka leaves he's gone forever
LeBron’s best teammate was Mo Williams and he had a finals trip, 2 60+ win seasons, and 2 other 50+ win seasons. Let that just sink in.
"or even Brunson" you've left me no choice, I now have to fight you. Meet me at your nearest target parking lot
He still managed to lead the 09 Cavs to 66 wins and had one of the all-time great playoff performances.
Bron would've won a ring in 06 if he had a Khris Middleton on his team
They tried trading for big names. It just didnt work out
Give 25 year old Bron a Kyrie level talent instead of Mo Williams. Or literally just any 20+ point scorer. Man
Thats what i thought. Big names makes any team look good, but its really hard to compete for a title for a rim protection. The Mavs need a Tyson Chandler type trade again, getting Kyrie and Cwood for this team made no sense
While bron played in a weak conference his team wasn’t much better. Also the East had a winning record in 09 against the west which was when the cavs won 66 games
Honestly Luka losing to yall, the eventual champs, in the wcf is just as impressive as Bron making it through a weak ass east to get demolished by the spurs.   And no, I'm not saying Luka Is as good as Bron was at this age.
Might be another decision type thing. Luka is basically untradeable, I dont know of any offer that is actually a fair trade for both teams
OKC probably
Knicks somehow would be lit
sounds easy on paper but theyre in cap hell, if they resign kyrie they have 100 mil in cap dedicated to the backcourt + cwood is probably leaving, they cannot get players that cheap. That bertans contract is total cancer for the team
Easier said than done.
He almost won tho, wouldve probably beat your 2018 team if Cp3 hamstring didnt fizzle out  That team was a well-oiled machine, this mavs team is genuinely awful
How do you think this approach by the Mavs will care with Luka. He was vocal that he wants to win and clearly the franchise disappointed him with tanking the last game
Yep. They need rim protection
yeah starting to think this LeBron guy is pretty good ngl
09 Bron with Kyrie or Brunson is an automatic ring
Lebron would’ve murdered someone to have Khris Middleton on his team, Never mind Kyrie.
TBF, those Cavs teams are way better defensively than this Mavs team (bottom five in defensive rating while LeBron's   Cavs teams were top seven in defensive rating three times including top four twice.). But also in fairness, some of that disparity in defense  can be ascribed to LeBron being a substantially better defensive player than Luka.
I was talking about 2007 eastern conference where the Cavs faced two .500 team (one missing its two best players) and then a 53 win Pistons team.
OKC could do it. They’d have to give up 2 of Giddey, Jdub or Chet + a ton of picks, but it would work.  Or whoever gets the first pic this year
my guess is they’ll attach picks to get rid of bertans and tim to create the extra space
> He almost won tho,  Well, yes Harden was a beast.   Much better than Luka has been so far.
Maybe one day he can as good as Jordan?
LeBron was +270 to win against that “53 win team” lmao  Revisionist history
Good package for sure, but teams also hate sending stars to someone in their conference, especially someone of Luka’s caliber. I feel like if a Luka trade happens he goes East. Me personally I could see a Luka for Jaylen Brown (assuming you can get him to agree to stay), others, and a backpack full of picks. Or like you said whoever gets the first pick lol
hahahahahahahahaha what picks
Nah he’d have to make a 3-1 comeback against a 73-9 team to do that
Literally the worst winning percentage for *any* conference number one seed from 2004 to 2022.  And who cares about odds? If we're going by odds, LeBron was favored against the Magic in 2009, Celtics in 2010, and Mavs in 2011. He lost all three series.
Celtics are a great option too. Memes aside, Brown and Kyrie would be an elite duo and probably easier to build a team around.
My takeaway from tonight was they definitely had a LeClone out there
Reaves went undrafted so the Lakers could get him. He's a big reason why the Lakers are even in the playoff picture right now. Dude does not give up. Lakers better pay this man or else Laker Nation will have a collective meltdown.
This actually a close game. Don't be fooled by the score.
Such an underwhelming 14-point win. Lakers were sleepwalking and getting outworked half the game.
LeBron should make another visit to Germany man lmao
Against all odds the Lakers actually hit the -13 spread. What an unconvincing win.
Went better than expected. Just hope Payne and Biyombo are alright.
If the Clippers win tomorrow will the suns play their guys on Sunday? Lose and they play the clippers. Win and play the warriors. Shenanigans
We need to talk about that Rui/Lebron handshake.
I hope Cam and Bizzy are okay. :(
LeBron looked old tonight. He was trying spicy passes and acrobatic drives and fall-aways, but it just seemed like his body couldn't deliver what his mind was drawing up. He also put up almost no effort on defense when a play would have required him to move more than a few steps.
New top “What If’s” in NBA history  * “What if Larry Bird had paid someone to pave his mom’s driveway” * “What if Jordan hadn’t left to play baseball?” * “What if Horry hadn’t hip checked Nash?” * “What if Bizzy hadn’t run into AD?“
Bron  playing like he was off a bottle of Lobos and washed it down with a bottle of wine
That was a “despite the win” if I’ve ever seen one. Lakers looking Tuff 🔥 Stats looks for many other than Lebron tho
It wasn’t a great win, but it’s crazy how many fans act like the world is ending after the first quarter.
i had a nice time at the game and had many beers
Horrid game tbh. Feel bad for anyone who had to watch
Don't let the score fool you... It was WAY closer than that against Phoenix second string.
idk why AD has decided to make the game so hard for himself with posting up so much, keep that to a minimum and go back to being a pnr world destroyer   Reaves should demand 20m a year, i don't think it's crazy to think he could average 17/6
Lebron was thinking about his bed the entire game
Won by the unshaved hair of their ass.
LeBron fucking sucked lmfao  A win is a win though 🤷‍♂️
Truly one of the games of all time
Definitely a game of basketball there from the Lakers against the YMCA Suns
That was the worst 14 pt win I've ever seen in my life LOL
Well that was definitely one of the games of all time.
Just hope bizzy is ok. Really wish Ishbia didn't trade dario to save money
Lakers vs Pelicans in Play-in Lets go 🔥🔥
Wish they played with more energy but the win is all that matters
This game was a lot closer than the score would indicate.
Game was way closer than the score shows
Still a good day of basketball all things considered
Nuggets barely lose to full roster suns with rookies and bruce brown but all hell breaks lose when Ad and bron seem obviously tired and aren’t fully 100% and they win by 20
8-2 in the last 10, tied with Pels for the hottest team in the league!  (No, I don't want to talk about the performance)
Yeah, our bench is just fineeee
I know it was a game at the very end of the season against a team that didn't have their main starters in, but the fact that Lebron and AD were able to be their 4th and 5th best scorers tonight in a win is pretty good. However playoffs is going to be different
Why did LeBron run to the locker room at the end there
This was a solid victory despite LeBron's and Ham's best efforts
Role players stepped up. Reaves and Beasley both had 20+ points in a night when both LeBron and AD struggled shooting the basketball. D. Russell helped make some shots late in the game that discouraged PHX from hoping to make a comeback. Much needed win tonight.
So if Clippers lose both of their last B2B, and Lakers win on Sunday, Lakers could leapfrog into the 6th seed?
This was a game the Lakers would've lost by 30+ in the first half of the season. Truly unbelievable how good they are after the trade deadline, especially on days when LeBron and AD were not great. Props to Pelinka.
The Lakers won
Imagine Embiid or Giannis playing as bad as AD in key games to determine their team's playoff spot
Despite Bron's efforts AR, Beas and Dlo got us the win
WARRA RING FOR SUNS 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Effort from the 2 laker stars was amazing tonight.
I FUCKING LOVE AUSTIN REAVES!
Suns fans expended all their energy laughing at the Mavs they dont have anything in the tank to grieve rn lmao
Tough game but I told y’all a fully healthy lakers team could take on the Suns 😅🤡
Can’t believe the Lakers ended up covering.
No energy tonight..u would have thought the suns were playing for a spot shessh. Tip it
Veni Vidi Something
what kind of lineup will suns run on sunday. Should punt the game and play clippers 1st round
Ish shot them out of the game the last 5 minutes goddamn
The way I heard this game go it seems like the lakers were just going through the motions not saying that is what seriously happen though
This was certainly one of the games of this season
Last day of the regular season for us Aussies starts at 3:30AM for the east games and 5:30AM for the west   Absolute pain
#LameShow
LeGoat looking old. I have faith.
Rui and Brons handshake fire!
We are above 500 this season
I got a bit worried but I'm just glad they did enough to make this comfortable
[LeBron tonight ](https://i.imgur.com/s9jIrc2.jpg)
LeTether
Bro went back to the lab he was born in and got a clone to play these last games
He was LeTired
[LeTired](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DhZ5HrlX0AIP3YN.jpg)
Man was standing around directing traffic for 30 minutes. Suns just were so annoying and kept ignoring the "stop" and "slow" signs and just ran in and dunked. No respect for the law.
#LBJ is still the GOAT…  He might play like an older GOAT from time to time, but nonetheless… He’s still the GOAT!
He didn't play today but I wonder how much Dennis is going to get, he has been pretty good for them this year and hustles the most defensively
He deserves to get paid this summer. Jeannie better not fuck it up (she probably will)
"Is there such a thing as a disappointing win?" Lmao Stu with the dagger.
Should've won by 25 with who the Suns were running out there. I'm shocked they ended up covering the spread tbh.
The game was close at points but even when the Suns were up 7 I don't think anyone seriously thought the Lakers were going to lose
Yeah. My takeaway is that Lakers should just rest everyone Sunday. The 6th seed is out of reach at this point (Portland ain't beating the Warriors.)
looks like a blowout
Until we started losing all our players 😔
Only until the lakers decided to try defending the other team with actual effort
Those TO numbers are ugly man.
You can tell AD / Lebron are fukin injured and tired, which is hilarious because AD puts up 17/21 on a very OFF night lmao
He might need to find the Michael Jordan of feet
We were actually losing and nobody can tell me that if payne and bizmack didnt get injured we would have won
Warriors have to beat the Blazers for that to happen. While it’s definitely probable that happens, they’re on the road…
6th seed is going come to pels vs wolves and suns vs clippers
If the Suns didn't play their starters tonight, they just might fly them back home on Sunday to get ready for either next Saturday / Sunday for the playoffs.
They should play them, that Nuggets game suggested they need some chemistry and a playoff atmosphere before the real thing starts  Will they though? Hard to think that any team would risk an injury.
If the Warriors get another win, it's likely they'll be playing the Suns no matter what, right
They aint choosing. They'll play who they get.   Rest and get extra practice instead maybe
Suns had two players leave the game due to injuries. If that didn't scare them into resting for the final game then idk what will.
Can’t believe I’ve never noticed it before….
yes lol, i know the Japanese are very respectful folk and i wonder if Rui suggested that or if LeBron was being cringe with the bow. but i think i love it either way.
What did I miss?
he is old, but you know, it's also the whole ankle thing lmao   because just before it he had a 35 game stretch of 31/8/7 under 3 tpg
His ankle is still fucked. He should be sitting but we need home court against the Pelicans.
I think that foot isn’t right
Man we can joke about it, but if he’s gonna be out for awhile that’s gonna fuck us in the playoffs
The update we all needed!
Yeah that looked painful. Hopefully he will be good to go for the playoffs
Yah we were getting cooked up until q3 and the sub was having a meltdown
Full roster suns already had the 4th seed locked and was a meaningless practice game. Much different scenario.
He called a time out with only 30 seconds left because he needed to get his foot off the court. Fingers crossed its nothing serious.
To get ice on the bones and take a shit to unload the stinker he put up in this game.
Yeah we can also get there if the Warriors lose.  5th, if they both screw up
AD put in the work on the boards at least, it as Bron that was just mind boggling
Worried lol they were on total cruise control mode. No respect for Suns at all
Too much, i'm afraid.  basically every team would benefit from having him in their rotation
I love Reaves, AND I love memeing, so it's kinda sad when he's now unironically their best/most consistent player
they only have early bird rights on him, though.  it lets you pay him something in the range of the NTPMLE.  or maybe you can give him the NTPMLE depending on what you re-sign other guys for.  but isn't he worth more than that, or is he not worth so much more than it wouldn't be worth it for him to take a little discount to stay on the lakers?
Nightmare game for Stu
"Uhhhh this team" lmao
It’s like last night with the Nuggets and the Suns (ironically) - teams with star talent will still play close games against bench squads sometimes, particularly if the bench squads have everything to gain and nothing to lose (edit: this originally said “nothing to gain” and then 35 minutes later I realized I’m a dumb idiot and corrected it).   Ayton, Booker, Durant, and CP3 all played heavy minutes last night and still barely came away with a win against an incredibly depleted Nuggets roster. Guys in the NBA are mad talented, and if you don’t play against guys regularly, you’re less likely to know their tendencies (whereas they watch and scheme for stars all year long).
I did!!!
You shouldve seen our sub's game thread
Except Laker fans
Bruh our fanbase goes on suicide watch every game unless we’re up by 30
LOL, this is EXACTLY the kind of game the lakers would lose.
Disrespectful to the G League Trailblazers they can beat anyone
we want home court against Pelican, they been hot
Losing to the G league blazers on the last day of the season would be incredibly on brand for this Warriors team
They still need to clinch the 7th seed bro
If we sit everybody and lose we have to travel for the play in game
Last game is at home. 7th is still preferred over traveling for the play in
It was tight until Dlo just casually decided to hit 3 triples in a row at the end lol
Worst game of the year contender
Man was working for everything against Biz. Really sucks that he went down.
If he sits out a playoff game because of his foot and it ends up costing them I can see this becoming the joke of the summer
the blazers aren'et playing their entire roster. it's a w
not if the clippers win out. If the clips win out then they face the suns.
Yah..  he also got advised by two doctors to do surgery and shut it down. He is giving it his all.
Pretty sad cruise control.
Dennis used to think so, too. That didn't play out so well for him.
He’s so efficient. Really just want him to focus on tightening up his handles and getting stronger this summer. It’s hard to believe this is only his second year in the league
also the flu game, dude was sounding rough
Yeah crazy stuff like that happens all the time. Professional ballers, every one of them.
They're on the road vs the Wolves though.
Including a sort of fading high arc 3 pt on expiring shot clock
And Ish decided to brick everything lol
You have not seen the road Warriors. Anything is possible.
Buddy has 1 bad game but wins and all hell still breaks lose
Just the same as Suns v Denver last night?
Yeah I agree. When you look at it, one summer focusing and look how much his shooting improved... Like imagine this dude with a few years with Lebrons guys working. Dude can be a legit talent. It's a crime he's not in MIP award talks
the Wolves are bad tho
Isn't he still on the Pacers?
Considering the 2-10 start this is a miracle
2-10 at one point and were shooting historically bad from 3.  Nice turnaround for them.
Shoutout Matt Ryan !
It's gonna be 7th. I don't see the Warriors losing to the Blazers on Sunday.  Pels vs Wolves will be interesting though.
Trading Westbrook was like lifting the weight of gravity from Son Goku
Reminder that we literally had a game this year when [Russ went 0-11, and Russ, Nunn, and Beverley combined for 1-25 from the field and 1-16 from three](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/y9jwha/westbrook_ends_234_on_011_from_the_field_and_06/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=mweb3x&utm_name=mweb3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button). Thank fuck we made a trade
Pretty crazy, never would of expected it
2% chance. That's nuts.
The Lakers made the play-ins and have a winning record yet some of the fans here are still salty. Just try be happy for today.
what’s the worst start for a team to end with a positive record?
Seriously the work this team has done since the trade deadline has been nothing short of miraculous
What a grand accomplishment for a team that entered the season with two top 10 guys
 >Let's see what seed they get in the playoffs.  Losing the play-in altogether is still on the table 👀
Worst three point shooting team since the early 2010s. Start on par with the 2012 Bobcats. $47 million dollars of cap space sitting on the bench. and one Rob Pelinka trade deadline masterclass
They have one more game to play, they had already clinched a winning record.  Am I missing something?
2-10  26-32  42-39
Who knew sunlight and garlic could fix an entire nba team
Please don’t give me ptsd you SOB
Warriors are also getting the Blazers on a back to back.  Timberwolves will play the Pelicans on a back to back as well.  Clippers play the Suns after their back to back against the Blazers.  Very interesting final slate of games. Should be fun!
Yep. Win-win, kinda, worked out well for the clippers
Jesus Christ I suppressed those pre rui trade days. My goodness I think I’m basketball scarred seeing Ham run his patented 5 guard lineup
I barely watched games to start the season, not because they were bad I nearly watched every game in 2017-2018, I couldn’t watch because it was just frustrating and embarrassing to watch this team.
I barely watched the games before the trade. It just fucking hurt watching lol
It's laker fans. They always salty and hate themselves. Bron is going against multiple doctors recommendations to get surgery and end his season to compete in the playoffs but when he has bad game they act like he is a bum
Between the two u could just say one lol they both missed hella time.
Agreed.
ok
They have 42 wins and 39 losses.... what are you missing?
They were great even before westbrook got there. adding him as a vet min doesn't really have a negative impact.
They're 9 - 10 since, idk if that's well.
Yeah any time people mention that Russ was good on the Lakers, just pull this game out. There’s a lot of crap about the early part of the Lakers’s season that got suppressed because of what’s happened in the past few months. There was a game ( I think vs the 76ers) where Pat Bev missed 2 back to back open layups
Dumbass. LeBron can play like a bum and still be injured. Both things can be true.
please don't lump us sane Lakers fans with the 10% toxic ones in our fanbase. They're an absolute disgrace to us, too.
those 5 first games are a risk you take, builds chemistry  if PG was injured the Clippers mightve called it quits but with someone like Westbrook he can keep them afloat
Jesus Christ I remember that - think it was a home game against the Cavs or some shit. I’ve totally deleted the concept of Russ on the lakers lol p
I agree, especially since he's off his contract.
our players playing like shit on the big stage is gonna be embarassing. at least it's only 1 game
That bracket is so ugly
Miami is the favorite…
Lakers vs Pelicans in Play-in Lets go 🔥🔥
Going to buy Youtube tv to watch all the games.
What are the odds for the west play-in spots?  Or odds for spots 5/6.
Hey look it's me A Raptors fan on Wednesday only yay
>at least it’s only 1 game  Be careful…you may reverse jinx the team by saying something like this…
Same
If the warriors in some way lose and the lakers win, gsw will be in the playin
It’s looking very likely that the Clippers and Warriors will end up 5/6. All they have to do is each beat Portland (Clippers at home; Warriors on the road but Portland will be on the 2nd game of a back to back).   If that happens then the 5 and 6 seed will depend on the clips/suns game Sunday.
if we lose to Portland I will wish that we lose both play-ins and just forget the playoffs altogether
The Lakers can certainly beat the Jazz…but we will have to see if the Blazers got it in them to go and ruin GSW’s postseason hopes…
that's not the mentality, you want to purpose lose the game, and then lose first play in, and win the second one and come in as 8th seed. Then swept the whole playoff
He just looked tired. Low energy and  lackadaisical for much of the night. Some genuinely lazy passes. I guess fatigue from the back to back, but yeah arguably his worst game of the season considering the circumstances.
He did not look good tonight but he kept his 10 pt streak going lol
bro was LeThargic
 You mean LeClone James
He has bad nights sometimes. Playoff LeBron > regular season Lebron
He might be saving it for the playoffs but damn
Neither of them looked like they wanted to go above 40% effort
Bro they’re tired af
Obvious coast
Classic LeBron struggling right before the playoffs only to turn it on in the playoffs.   20 years folks, when will yall learn
aside from playing through an injury i’m assuming his conditioning isn’t all that great rn from missing so much time and rushing back without a proper rehab process
LeSleepWalking
AD wasn’t much better… checks to see he only had 21 boards, 4 dimes and 3 blocks but okay.  *Edit: the 21 boards is most by a player this year.
They won. That’s all that matters
Its Austin Reeves team now going forward
man looked checked out after he got a few bad no-calls tbh
Well if theres a time to do it...
One of his worst games but they wouldve  lost if he didnt play
he just doesn't look that great that physically since he returned. sure, there were some moments, but overall, it's meh. to be expected of course, but it's gonna be hard to win in the playoffs if he's not at 100%
LeBrick
Ham really needs to ask Lebron whether he'll be playing or just do cardio in the first three quarters, his minutes could be used more efficiently with the Lakers run and gun squad instead.
LeCoast
He probably wasn't motivated due to absence of the starters of suns
LeBum showed up tonight, he needs some rest after all those minutes the other day lol
Suns def played harder
Man's looking a little washed at the end of this season. Father time catching up for sure
LeWestbrick
Even with his hot shooting run against the Clippers, he's looked pretty rough since coming back from the foot injury.   I think the injuries and age are finally catching up to him. We'll see how he further adjusts his game. He's almost putting no effort on defense anymore, and gets caught off balance and turns it over on offense more often.
I really how we can squeak into 6th so he gets a week off
LeThargic
I don't know if he's right from that foot injury or not but mostly hasnt looked like himself since returning
Yeah he said that first game back against the bulls was his first time doing ANY 5 on 5 work   What people have to remember is when ad missed 5.5 weeks, it took him a month to look like AD again. Bron missed 4 weeks - I would imagine it takes 2-3 weeks for a super human like him to get right
this shit gets said about him every few months before he goes on an insane streak again
Ah yes very washed. 30 pt in a half type washed
How would that be possible after both The Warriors and NO won tonight
He was really good against Utah (granted a very undermanned team) and had a monster 2nd half against the Clippers (granted he was pretty awful the first half). So there's still some reason to be optimistic.
Bruh he went nuclear in utah then had a 30 pt second half against the clippers, not to mention absolutely handling the bulls in the second game. Let’s relax
In the second half against the clippers he was amazing, also in OT against the Jazz. You could definitely see he's in there when he's locked in but more often than not he's just doing cardio.      Probably due to the injury but if that's the case I wish Ham just reduces his minutes, his body language can just destroy the morale of the team when the other team goes on a run
What about in OT a few days ago?
Not to mention he just scored 30 points in a half when it looked like he was having worst game of his career
Warriors have to lose against Portland
Game was over though. Garbage time second half where the clippers were just defending the lead, rather than attacking
That isn’t likely to happen though, unless they sit their guys (and why would they?)
It’s on the road. I still give the Blazers 40% odds to win. They’ve already played spoiler a couple games recently. It’s not a guaranteed win for us
LeBron played like actual shit for 3 straight quarters and you guy still nearly won by 20 points. Yeah the win was unconvincing but a win's a win.
Lakers with 3 20 pt scorers and none of them were LeBron or AD
Worst double digit win you’ll ever see
   Actually Malik deserves the credit before AR
I am not sure the Lakers would have won without Reaves tonight
Don’t forget about DLo! Laker guards carried the team offensively today
There's time on the clock still
Whenever this stuff is posted before the game's over I feel like I've had a stroke lol
> 9-13 FG  Reaves: Look at me, I'm the Jokic now
DLO doesn’t exist ?
It was a disinterested let Austin do Austin things game.
That's my free throw merchant
You're really underselling Hachimura and Beasley here
LeThargic
They covered
Lebron was trash tonight. Been mostly bad since coming back from injury.
Lakers won by 14 stop crying.
Carried Bron and AD
Respect that he always plays with heart
LeThargic
A win is a win man. The Suns starters almost lost to the Nuggets second unit the night before. The Wolves lost to Portland's second unit, nothing is guaranteed. We won by 14.....
had to lose biyombo and payne to do it is yikes though
We played a YMCA team
Lakers doomers and haters really reaching tonight
Bro the spread was 13 and they were literally running out the bench. Should've won by 25 at least.
Reeves and Dlo carried Lebron and AD
I mean, Malik is not consistent at all, Reaves is
yeah good game from him
Malik finally showed up for his 1 of every 4-5 games where he makes shots lol
DLO 24 points on 9-14 / 6-9 from three
Dlo and Beasley died I guess?
d'lo was big too
Reaves coming for all of Jokic’s white mvp voters. This will be the start of an unprecedented 5 straight MVPs
LeTired
felt like landale was better than biyombo tbh
yeah
He was good in the 1st quarter but disappeared offensively until he hit those 3s at the end of the game to ice it
Al Davis
stern would never let this happen!1!1! /s
I agree. I am outraged at whatever you are talking about too. Silver should force Cuban to sell the team.
Yeah I'd imagine if an owner were to start say beating the shit out of fans and league personnel that would potentially be more defying.
A more overt way may be to tank the entire season rather than starting at game 81. Kind of like what has happened numerous times in the past.
Sell the team 👏👏👏
Christmas for Mavs fans
I can see Mark Cuban chasing a fan around asking for his house to pullup
Never gonna be an option with Luka
I got to see Holmes hit a 3 and made the Warriors starters play deep in the 4th. Ain't too bad.
I’m terrified that a potential GSW/SAC playoff matchup will begin with the techbros invading Golden1 and end with Draymond saying that the Kings are “a cute little story but playoff time is for the big boys” or some shit  Resting starters or not, tonight didn’t help that lol
Never been so happy at getting our 10th road win before lmao
I appreciate Mike letting us get this W. He still a Warrior in his heart
I know it was without our main guys but I hated seeing all that. One half was enough for me.
Poole has the deepest bag for bench celebrations. His antics are unmatched.   Other than that he was pretty trash tonight.
Is it sad that up until late fourth I still thought there was a possibility we could choke this away?
Poole single-handedly almost winning the FT battle against the Kings is a hilarious statline and I’m all for it
People taking Klay for granted having one of his best seasons.
Even if it was against a B-team I am stunned the Warriors won a game on the road with 24 turnovers and Jordan Poole going 0/10 from the field.
GP2 pulls out the best highlights out of nowhere lmao.  Chasedown block to a 3 on the other end is so hype.
Gp2 is so good on the Warriors. If he's fully healthy for them in the playoffs that's pretty huge.
Coach Mike, Kings fans hope y'all would have a nice postseason.
The more I watch DiVincenzo plays, the more I like him. He's like a mini Wiggins, does a bit of everything.  Also, Poole is atrocious today. Everytime the Warriors has a huge lead, he somehow finds a way to narrow the gap lol.
Warriors have still not lost a game where GP2 plays 16+ minutes.
Poole: wtf guys??? I didn't get the memo, weren't we still sucking on the road?
Double digit road wins BABYYYY
Ngl i thought we would choke this by the 4th.
Sundays gonna be crazy mang
Man. If the Stockton Kings run into the Warriors in the playoffs we'll be in trouble
Oh it was a poole party but it was the pool AJ and his friends trashed in season 4 of the Sopranos
Jordan Poole should win the NBA community assist awards every city he plays in he builds the homeless new houses with all his bricks 🧱
They had us in the second quarter, not gonna lie. Poole with the casual 8points on 0 fg%.
I guess Poole singlehandedly absorbed all of the negative road Warrior energy, he was out there building skyscrapers lol.
We’re not getting that 50-40-90 but least we’re gonna be healthy for playoffs
That was certainly one of the basketball games of all time
For GS’ sake, somebody needs to fly in Ice Spice to Sac for the inevitable Warriors-Kings series so Poole can make a basket
having your starting backcourt shoot 6/29 with 0 free throws is not a recipe for success
Thank you Mike Brown.
Do they really have a gold beam or was that just NBCBayArea editing?
Dubs played aight and closed things out, but I can't help but feel like Mike Brown pulled an Ada Wong and did us a solid
JORDAN POOLE MASTERCLASS OF ASS🔥🔥🔥
We got Jran Ple tonight, no O, no D, only bricks and cone cosplay.   Dude absofuckinglutely sold like he wanted to be wearing purple next year and played with dogshit effort  in a must win game  against the Kings B/C team while the rest of the team took care of business.     And dear lord i hate the Poole led offense at the beginning of the 2nd/4th the last couple games, we dont run the motion offense, we dont run sets, it just devolves into some dollar store version of the Harden Rockets offense with Poole spamming high PnR into bad 3's, they need to cut that shit out because it only works maybe 1-2 times outta 10, and its a huge part of why the Warriors bench blew leads like the Pre-Mahomes Chiefs in the playoffs.
This years team would/will be better than last year’s championship team by going to an 8 man playoff rotation.   Steph/Klay/Wiggins/Dray/Looney + DD/GP2/Kuminga
Poole out there building houses with all the bricks tonight.
And the Kings' 50 win season drought continues. Still a successful season by any measure.
that poole contract gonna haunt the warriors down the line. couldn’t even score against kings end of bench guys without flopping for calls.
Thanks Mike Brown for doing us a solid 😂
Okay 24 TOs ain't it
Rounding into form!
Draymond molding Looney to play like him not taking too many shots but shoots when needed and doing the dirty things for the team
That was the most stressed I've ever been during a game where we had a double digit lead most of the night.   Road warriors + totally undermanned opponent + having a lead all game is a recipe for disaster
Was that a knuckleball 3 that I saw? I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw that.
> techbros invading Golden1   You're safe.  Techbros are all broke right now.
Nah they like Mike Brown
I’ve got nothing against Warriors fans showing up to the game tonight.   But showing up to G1C for game 1 and 2 of our first playoff series in 16 years and cheering against us in our own arena will just be lame af. Especially as a fan of the most dominant team of the past decade.
Bay Area north still ringing cowbells?
Definitely would be an emotional series, both teams would have a lot to prove. If the Kings lose they’ll be labeled pretenders and if the Warriors lose to they’d get labeled as a washed up group who likes to write checks they can no longer cash. Lot of pride on the line, probably the only result that would leave both teams reasonably respected would be Warriors in 7 followed by a WCF appearance from the Warriors.
been awhile since I've taken amtrak to Sac lol
Have you compared our respective playoff tickets- ours is literally double the price of Chase right now.  It’s actually cheaper to see kings in playoffs at chase for a lot of tickets.
Deepest celebration bag will always be Kent Bazemore.
He did a good Austin Reaves impression at the foul line at least
Ain't gonna argue with that one!
When that 17-point lead cut down to 1 in the 1st half I was so convinced this would be one of those losses again lol.
If you didn't, I'd question whether you've been watching us all season long.
It's road Warriors, you can never be too careful
Lil bit.  I mean, on the one hand, This Season, on the other hand they were resting their starters and Klay hates the Kings.
Yeah you are sad for that. Have more faith bro.
He's been trying so hard to get free throws the entire season and it's started working the last 2 months tbf.
0 for 10 with 8 fts and -9 in a 22 point win. He certainly had himself a game.
0-10 but has a knack for getting FTs
An aspiring merchant 🙏
He's having one of his worst shooting seasons
Warriors defense forced the Kings to make ~35% of their shots for like most of the game, 3rd quarter was something else tho
And getting up 20 less FGA's.  **TWENTY.**
Impact plays, and knowing where to be on offense is a skill. Hitting shots is the cherry on top.
Fuck the Dodgers
He's been a solid hustle PG. Will be sad to see him leave after this season, but he definitely deserves a bag
Finally, a team that actually does what they’re supposed to do when the other teams best players are out for the game.
What a huge win against the Chimezie Metu Kings for you guys
As is tradition
He attempts like Curry but actually makes them like Westbrook.
Does that mean Clips have the tiebreaker over GSW? I was really hoping for a Warriors/Suns first rd matchup.
It's editing
I mean if it ain’t Wong it’s Wrong
assterclass
You're out of your mind if you think this team is getting out of the first round taking Poole out of the rotation
Not by the 50 win season measure
He’s averaged 24 the last 5 games…and 21 for the season. Just a bad game
To early to tell. He already went off the on the playoffs last year. We will see
He's one of the worst players in the league, it's unfathomable that they gave him that contract
Just a deep push shot.
> Techbros are all broke right now.  That's why they're moving to Sac.
As a diehard Warriors fan for 30 years, someone who works in tech, lives in Sacramento and couldn’t afford the $300 nosebleed seats to tonight’s game…can confirm this is facts
Rip crypto
Can confirm.
>But showing up to G1C for game 1 and 2 of our first playoff series in 16 years and cheering against us in our own arena will just be lame af.  Wait what?!
There's gonna be a lot of Warriors fans of Sacramento like has been the case anywhere. People who jumped on that greatness and now miss out on something more real for them, I wouldn't let them back. But you gotta take care of all those local bandwagon fans before getting too worried about invasion of the tech bros. The call is coming from inside the house.
It’s kinda lame to resort to this, but if it potentially looks to get out of hand the Kings could limit ticket sales to within the area  I know the Padres did this to avoid too big of a Dodger turn out last playoffs  In fairness you could at least say those tickets are prioritized to the fans who supported their team that ended the drought and got home court
Lame for who?
it's worked at other points in the season, but not consistently
Poole party!
? even with the trash start its his best season, most 3s in a season in his career on a 40% clip
His TS% is just about his career average and better than all but 4 of the seasons he’s played.   Also from January on he’s been great. He’s shot over 45% from the field and over 41% from 3 each month.   https://www.statmuse.com/nba/ask/klay-thompson-stats-by-month
kings had 8 more orebs and 12 fewer turnovers, very simple math.
Fuck the Dodgers.
Fuck the Yankees
When you're a poverty team like the Road Warriors you take what we can get
Relax, he’s making fun of his own team.
He won’t be taken out of the playoff rotation and we definitely need him BUT I hope he continues to get about ~20 mins a game and isn’t closing games unless he’s on fire and playing under control.  I think people don’t realize how important our defense is to our offense. We thrive off chaos and getting in the open court.   Literally the biggest weakness has been grind it out, slow down, half court offense…but there’s 8 guys on this team who have a high IQ, play defense and rebound at a high level…and that’s been our winning formula
i mean i guess but his efficiency is pretty mediocre with the increased role and his defense is close to worst in the entire league.
All of Richaun’s shots are push shots.
damn
This was uncalled for
I remember when I got my first layoff from biotech in the Bay and legit my first thought was to retreat in defeat to Sac and just do teaching instead
Brother if you can’t afford 300$ seats you don’t work in tech
They were $150 for the Minnesota game at chase?  We were 5 levels from tippy top too.
cRIPto
Thankfully no arena was stupid enough to name themselves and advertise crypto, surely noone was that stupid!
You been in a coma since 2005?
Definitely not lame, this is a thing in a lot of sports.
season ticket-holders get first crack at playoff tix, i believe.  but i don't know how well they've done on those this year.
For Kings fans in Sac. I was hoping for a non-warriors/lakers matchup just so our arena wasn't 50% opposing team. Both of those fanbases are much larger than ours.
It really hasn't worked at other points of the season unless he was shooting 25 field goals per game. He's getting more free throws at like half the shooting volume.
He's shooting fewer 2s, but his 2P% is still much worse than in the past. He's averaging about the same amount of points as his peak seasons, but on lower TS%. His defense also isn't what it used to be  An underrated season for sure, but definitely not his best one
Percentage wise it's his 3rd worst from the field and 4th worst from 3. By league standards he's having an incredible season. Just not by his standards.
The schadenfreude I’ve gotten from watching Warriors away games this year has been something else tbh
Oh I was just having fun, none of it is that serious lol
It’s been an up and down year, with a lot of role changes, pretty inconsistent but you can see him steadily improving a lot offensively.   He’s learned to control his turnovers. He was averaging 4-5 turnovers a game for like the first half, he’s been down to 2ish the second half.   He’s learned to get to the free throw line basically at will.   The 3 point shot and the IQ is getting there but not yet.   His efficiency is okay. He’s above league average for a guard. Before this game it was 57.5 TS which isn’t bad for a 20.6ppg guy who also gives you 5 assists. Ideally you’d want 60 TS and 36-37 from 3.   His defense I agree is pretty bad. when he decides to put in effort he’s mediocre, when he doesn’t he’s trash.  The punch really threw him off, so have the weird rotations this year with so many people in and out, his role is in flux. Next year the contract kicks in, it’s crucial. He has to fix the above stuff at least some of it but I think most of the fanbase is optimistic. The rest want him traded
The truth hurts
Marriage, house, baby…being a responsible adult isn’t all it’s cracked up to be
I mean it sounds like you don’t want people to root for their team on the road.
I think he's surprised at the matchup - since the Warriors and Clippers and Lakers *and* Pelicans can all switch around still.
That's what they're doing this year as well. Though a lot of those tickets bought by the season ticket holders are resold, so it doesn't really control who gets it too well.
People might clown on you for this but as an A’s fan I totally get what you mean. If we somehow got another Battle of the Bay World Series Id be pissed if/when half the Coliseum is wearing orange and black lol
still possible to get clippers or even pelicans!
Not gonna get mad at that. Considering the turmoil he’s been through, I’m happy where he’s at now
His volume of 3s is higher than ever, which explains the slight dip in percentages. His overall TS%, however, is pretty much in line with some of his prior seasons. In his 10 seasons, this one ranks 5: https://www.statmuse.com/nba/ask?q=klay+thompson+ts%25+by+year
Guess that’s a good point. Just bought my first house so good luck to ya
No problem with it in general. It's just tough cause the warriors fanbase is a few multiples larger than ours and very near by. They go to the playoffs almost every year, and our first time in 16 years is going to have half the arena cheering against us. Plus it's making tickets super expensive.
Us finishing 6th is by far  the most likely outcome - we’re playing the tanking blazers, if we win we’re locked to 5th or 6th. The blazers winning against us gets them into a messy tiebreaker with 3 teams at 34 wins, so they’ll be desperately wanting to avoid that and not drop draft order.  the only other thing that needs to happen is the clips beating the suns. A clippers loss would likely send them into the playin (unless we also lose) so they want to win. Presumably the suns who have nothing to play for will rest their starters vs the clippers. A suns win would likely make us their first round matchup, if I had to guess the suns don’t want us round 1 - they’d rather the clippers.  This is a lot of words to say that the Warriors, Clippers, Suns and Blazers should all be in agreement with how they want game 82 to turn out so we’re primed for 6th seed. Assuming that happens, pelicans and lakers are irrelevant
I'm not sure what he's confused about tbh. This comment thread is about a kings/warriors matchup, so I don't think it's surprise at that.
well yeah, depends how happy kings fans really are that their team is in the playoffs vs. if they kind of need the money.  i suppose it's also possible that some kings season ticket-holders were sac-area warriors fans in the first place.  i remember an exchange i had on here with a lakers fan that was a clippers season ticket-holder.
Lol I appreciate it. I recognize it's not really fair to blame any fans who want to come support their team on the road. Just would have loved our playoff berth to have the full insanity of our arena filled with Kings fans, but we'll have a very high number of away fans cheering against us, assuming this is the matchup.  That being said, it will be a great series.
My point was just that it's definitely not one of his best seasons. He's having a good year it doesn't need to be hyped up beyond that
Congrats bro! We’re blessed and fortunate - good luck to you too
>The blazers winning against us gets them into a messy tiebreaker with 3 teams at 34 wins,  unless the pacers and magic win their games, which happen earlier that day.  they wouldn't do that on purpose, but their opponents (knicks and heat) are locked into their seeds so they won't necessarily be trying to hard to win.  and then it would be ok for the blazers to try to win.
Yeah there will for sure be a lot of us shelling out lots of $$ for tickets, but there's also a lot more warriors fans in Northern California, and a lot of them with a lot of money. Tickets are going to be much more expensive with a Warriors matchup and the crowd will likely be pretty split.
Literally me at the Y
This is the most unserious serious game lol
Paying homage to Westbrook
One of the fadeaways of all time
Caught the side of the backboard and all
LeBrick
What's wrong with him? He's playing like a potato again.
Just a bad effort by the Lakers against a team that sat our four of its best players and two of its best bench players have played only in the first half
jordan would never
Who’s ready for the Lakers “One Shining Moment Compilation Pt. 3”?
caught between the shot and pass at the last second
LeFool
[https://www.youtube.com/shorts/n7WwEaRZKBs](https://www.youtube.com/shorts/n7WwEaRZKBs)  Bro lebron literally used that guys form 😂 😂 😂
Michael Jordan would never
Bron knows 6th seed is out of reach. Just wants to get to play-in with minimal effort.
So most of Westbrook shot?
It’s happening
That was Westbrook y'all.
Seems LeTired
Lakers just out-talented their way to this win  So unconvincing
LeCoasting to the win.
Best night of u/stephzh’s life
LeWestbrook
Why that's the catchphrase of 1997!
My b
Looking human for once
Pffft and they say he's in "playoffs mode". That's coming from a LeFan btw.
Bust
What Kidd wanted the Mavs to do all game
Me when I shoot rolled up wads of damp paper towel into the trash after washing my hands
It was ment to be a pass to AD. He doesn't shoot via flailing his above his shoulders
I wonder if that pointing of Westbrook transferred some brick power.
Lebron's made that face the I make after I climb 6 flights of stairs.
Yuck
Haha what a loser
I don't think he said my bad to the shot...I think he was saying my bad to AD cause AD had an easy bucket if Bron just dropped it in on him. I think Bron was deciding mid-air to either take the shot or make the pass and the outcome was exactly that; a shotpass
LeBron is one of us
“Kobe!”
LeRelatable
I felt this :(
This whole game has been 'his bad'
I genuinely think he’s just coasting and not locked in at all? I can’t explain how bad he’s been any other way
Word for word… BAR FOR BAR!
Yeah but Westbrook usually does that on open face up shots not fade aways
if the backboard wasn't there that shit woulda swished smh 😤
LeMaverick
LeUpperBackboard
I think he planned to pass to Davis, but AD wasn't looking so he had to shoot
he torn a tendon in his foot, getting surgery this offseason
A bad effort that results in a 20 point win. That's how you know you're a great team
he's my favorite player of all time.  gotta have some fun tho.
Zero dark thirty twenty three activated
> I genuinely think he’s just coasting and not locked in at all  This has not been earned in years. What has he accomplished recently for these comments to be warranted?
I believe you Lebron.
He had 37/33 the last two games and generally was much more engaged, energetic  forget the last few years it's a very stark drop off to the last two games
He won the title two years ago
Now that’s a stat
Someone at ESPN clearly wanted to twist the knife lol
Clutch tanking
They’re a joke of an organization, lead by a joke of an owner. Luka won’t be there much longer.
ESPN stat right here
*to succeed to fail to hit the rim
Shameful.
Yeah give them a fine
Lmao
Luka sad noises
Fail?
They really do track everything
Well, if Jason Kidd is to be believed, they didn't actually want to make the three-pointer.
What the heck are these stats
ESPN stat team in they bag like Mary Poppins
There really is one for everything.
I’ve said this a few times this season but this is the worst game I’ve ever seen him play
Dude thought Wemby is playing with him
Watching this and the first half of the Clippers makes him look like he is trying his damnest to miss the playoffs
Just a light-hearted play guys.  I love how no Lefucks were given on this pass.
Zach Wilson ass pass.
I hope Austin Reeves apologized for not catching that
Book are you watching? This is how it’s done
He's been ass all game.
This is surely going on “LeFunny Moments”
We said this early in the season, then he had such an insane stretch after that.  We're saying it now. What'll happen in the play-in?
Dude though he was Jokic
Oh god Lebron could be a better qb than Wilson couldn’t he
Dude literally just had a 33/8/7 and a 37/5/6 on back to back games and he’s been out for a decent period of time. r/NBA really has the memory of a grandma with Alzheimer’s.
If copium was a comment
17 championship banners and you’re saying shit like “We’ll see what happens in the play-ins”.  Just absolutely down catastrophic.
Brother you could be a better QB than Wilson
Let them have their delusion moment
Los Angeles has warehouses full of copium. We aren’t running out
Lebron coasts every year and people always cry about it
My reaction when someone dares to say LeBron is playing badly   Bill Russell literally had a fan shit in his bed. Calm down
Lebrons my favourite player, why can’t you guys just admit he has played like shit? Doesn’t mean he isn’t still up there with the best
bruh dont 😂
No one gives a shit about what the lakers are up to buddy. Y’all gonna get 4-2 bounced by the Grizzlies cause y’all can’t play road games or back to backs
Here I was wondering why an appliance has fecal matter
Since when can’t we play on the road? We’re only 1 game under .500 on the road and that’s with LeBron and AD not playing in a few of those games.
The Lakers won the season series vs the Grizzlies 2-1. Don't cry like this when the Lakers sweep the Grizz as well
Play ins aren't playoffs. No playoffs means you're in the lottery.
By record. No tie breaker. Coin flip if tied.  If you make the playoffs, you aren't picking.
What if 10 beats 9 and then 10 loses to 8. Is 9’s pick now better than 10’s even though they both miss the playoffs?
what if it's 3 teams with the same record and not just 2?
The play in teams that miss the playoffs have their order decided by their regular season record
The regular season records still dictate lottery positioning. So play-in decides who is in the playoffs versus who is in the lottery, and then normal ranking rules apply to the lottery.
The high five to the fan was dope
Best center in the league
Tallest 6'3" player ever.
Chase down block, high fives a fan, then gets the corner three. Missed this guy so much.
It’s great that he will be in the playoffs. He is such a cool player.
GP2-way
We got our own center that can shoot 3’s it’s fucking over LETS GOOOOO
god damn how much toradol did they give him
Good for him
Good to see him back just in time for the playoffs.
I’m glad he’s back with us.
How long before Wiseman can do all that?
the shove by JP at the defender O.o
The insync high five with poole was clean as hell too
Wiseman could never
The man belongs in the Bay. Got traded, was injured basically that whole stretch apparently, then comes back and is absolutely killing it.
This is very much a homer take, but all the teams game planning for the regular season Warriors are going to have no idea what hit them in the playoffs with GP2 and Wiggins suddenly back in the Warriors' line up.
It was just water the whole time! The real toradol came from the heart!
Ask Pistons fans, he ain't of our concern anymore
Hey man, he’s getting the minutes he needs
Seriously if the Lakers don’t win this game…
Suns really lost Shaq and Kobe in one night
[payne's hard fall](https://streamable.com/tnld57), if anyone missed it
Tf is happening
What a dirty play by Beasley. Just reckless. 😅
These injuries aren't great for the suns, Biyambo and now Payne. Hopefully not too major as their depth is already thin enough and losing even more depth will be rough come playoff time if it stays as is
Monty about to suit up and drop 20
He does that kamikaze thing like eight times a game. Bound to catch up to him.
You’re not serious are you
Was my laughing sweating emoji not clear enough?
Alright I confess, I have no idea what the laughing sweating emoji means and at this point I’m too afraid to ask
Basically like smiling after just escaping a huge disaster
wonder if he'll have the same smirk when luka requests a trade in a few months
"All according to plan"
He just like me fr fr
I just want Luka to ask out man. This man and his organization is so unserious
At least the cash cow bringing in a million dollars a day is what he’s thinking.
“Do you think they bought it?”
if luka is ever gonna be in top 10 convos like some have said, guarantee the game where his team was not technically eliminated and he sat out the last 3 quarters will be brought up
This is some of the wildest bullshit I've ever seen
[The Play-in God is Luka Doncic's father](https://imgur.com/a/rA65Xp3)
You should all be more appreciative of how much an owner loves his team.
This is what Xanatos would actually be like in real life. Just dumbass shit like this ad nauseam
A fun. Cool. Guy.
Fined another $600k
There aren't any billionaires I like but I really don't like Mark Cuban
Tears of joy.
I swear to god if they get Wemby…
I honestly wouldn't hate it. Cuban butchered a great core because he's cheap. The path to building a finals roster around Luka is slim. Ideally you sign Kyrie and shit goes sideways next year and you trade both Kryie and Luka. Would be an absolute haul of assets and Luka could be with a more competent managed franchise.
Why are People constanly creating stories for trade request? Why it makes you happy?
Wait for Playoff Randle tho
Luka aint going nowhere. His game doesnt fit joining a superteam. He wont be able to play for an organization like the heat because they force you to play defense there. A city like DC is off the table,not really a good market for a white foreign player (they dont call it chocolate city for nun). San Antonio wont work because as soon as luka pisses pop off its bench riding time.
As if he doesn’t go to bed a billionaire at the end of the day. He ain’t mad. Just disappointed.
Mark "Keikaku" Cuban
"the 10th pick will save us, excellllent"
Yup. Cuban never gets punished for anything. Luka leaving would be a “fuck you”.
I don’t reckon it will. Very clear that this was an organisational decision to ensure they keep their pick.
how is it his fault they announced it before the game
Lol no, the organization sat him.
I don’t think he’ll be in the top 10 based purely on his defense so I don’t think this will ever be a problem
No one ever brings up regular season games when talking about top 10 players.
I enjoy this pettiness
I sure hope you’re being sarcastic. Because if not, yikes.   Cuban isn’t exactly a shining example of how great an “appreciative” owner can be for an organization.
It's easy upvotes on r/nba. You could just create a bot that posts a Luka trade comment in every Mavs thread and farm upvotes.
yes, imagining luka in a knicks jersey makes me happy
Luka has his shortcomings but his talent is undeniable and it's being wasted on a poorly constructed Mavs team. Luka is already a Finals-ready type of player despite those shortcomings. Luka should be competing for the Finals year in and year out instead of dealing with Cuban's mess.
wait for playoff sugma tho
people are already crapping on him for the confused smattering of applause in the other thread. I don’t think fanboys will understand context
It would be hilarious if some 11-14 team jump ahead of them and they lose their pick anyway.
people always gonna say “YOU THINK MJ OR KOBE WOULD LET THAT HAPPEN”
i agree
They said the same about Steph. We never know what can happen.
they bring up a season where you missed the playoffs.  or play-in in this case
would they tho
Ah yeah i too remember Lebron choking against JJ Barae resulting in his team missing the playoffs.
Did they all win MVP during those seasons?
he’ll win one
Season isn’t over yet
He values the competition of the regular season unlike the other dude thats in 3rd place .
The "all former MVPs" bit really just puts into perspective how great Jokic, Embiid, and Antentokounmpo have been playing this season.
This is how they should measure the scoring leader not be average but by points scored.
He’s not MVP
I just double checked.  No. Harden had a 2,356 point season and didn’t win.
Durant has broken the 2,200 point total 10 times. Durant has only 1 MVP.
i dont think so
Or at least make it a separate award, if they seem to want stars to play more giving weight to totals might help.
I mean. He scored 42 more points than Embiid in 8 more games. It makes Embiid’s achievement even more impressive imo.  Scoring leader already has a games played cutoff. That’s a fair balance
I never got this take, ppg measures scoring ability way better than totals and there’s already a games played minimum. Point totals measures durability which is not the point of scoring title.  Tatum’s not a better scorer than Embiid but he sure as hell is more durable.
He should be a lock for 4th.
He has way too many off games to be mvp. Every 3 or 4 elite games he’ll have a 4-17 12 point dud
Harden has broken the 2,200 point total in a season 5 times. Won mvp once.
Looking on Basketball Reference he only did it 3 times. Still super impressive but 10 is insane
400~ minute difference too.
Embiid is flat out more consistent than Tatum
That’s true but he definitely will one in his career, or at least has the talent to do so.
Harden had a chance to win 4 MVPs. He was close to a 5th in 2021 if he didn't get hurt  Truly crazy prime
His mvp shares are ridiculous
Those lazy defense compilations videos truly did damage to his legacy.
His peak is legendary. 36ppg over 78 games is just video game numbers. The fact that he was top three, top two for an entire half decade and won just a single MVP is such a shame.
Never winning 3 playoff rounds in a row did damage to his legacy. 2 time MVP (2017 was his lmao) but has yet to get it done in the playoffs. If he stayed healthy he probably wins one in 21
Lost to the warriors in 2015, 2016, 2018, 2019 and then the bubble champions Lakers in 2020.  Everyone that faced those teams got washed.   Those rocket teams were the only team in the western conference that actually challenged the warriors. They had a whole army. Harden had a good squad but warriors were other worldly.
Westbrook fully deserved his MVP. Stop downplaying that man's season.
it’s how he lost but i agree in spirit
Yep. Those 1.9 extra rebounds a game certainly made up for the 8+ less wins
If you think that was the only difference between their seasons, you weren't watching full basketball games in 2016
Was watching in 2017, and the HiStOriC triple double narrative was undeniably a huge part of his MVP.   If voters went off of the usual standard instead of their love for the number 10 then Harden wins that 100%.
Yea I also watched Westbrook give up multiple open 3’s a game because he wanted to statpad and chase a record (I mean he LITERALLY had less [3 pointers contested](https://www.nba.com/stats/players/defense-dash-3pt?Season=2016-17) than giys like frank kaminsky, Al horford (who played in 11 less games), and porzingis)
Prolly not. It’s like the only year the west has the losing record vs the east lol
No. In 2010, the lowest seeded team in the West was the 50-32 Thunder led by Durant who was first team All-NBA and averaged 30 ppg.
Nah, there's no clear top dog and there's more mid-range mediocrity. I don't know about earlier, but 2015-16 was way stronger at the top: 72 win Warriors, Durant-Westbrook Thunder, SAS with Kawhi and the tail-end of the big 3, Clippers with CP3 and Blake
Its the weakest its been in years wym
wdym, it's the worst it's been.
You kidding? This has got to be the weakest it’s been in quite a while lol  This is the *closest* the standings have been in a while across the board, if that’s what you mean. But a competitive conference doesn’t automatically make it a strong one.
No in 2008 the 8th seed had 50 wins
No, late 2000s/early 2010s was way stronger
No. Look at the 2010 season
No the suns missed the playoffs with 48 wins one year. The top is obviously pretty weak this year compared to years past and the middle is more flawed than usual.
LMFAO
Parity ≠ Strength lmaooo when will people understand this   West is complete dogshit this year
It's arguably the weakest it's ever been
Not even close. This is the weakest it's been in over a decade
HELL NO!
It's probably the deepest its been with only two legitimately bad teams in Houston and San Antonio. The rest could all win 50 games in any given season provided good health.
Hell fucking no
LMAO NO
I started watching the nba in 2010 and this is the worst western conference I’ve seen what are you talking about LOOL
Talent wise I guess so, but team wise no
The WC is ass  It was better when the Warriors, Thunder, Spurs were all great teams 8 or 9 years ago
Let’s be real the top 3 seeds in the western conference aren’t even favorites to win it
People say this literally every year
I dunno.  2016 had the Warriors, Spurs, and Thunder who were all *really* good, probably better than this year's Nuggets.   What this year has is a lot of high-variance teams like the Lakers and Warriors who can beat anyone on any given night but also have really clear flaws.
*weakest it’s every been
And the mavericks have an all nba 1st team player along with a top 15-20 player who aren’t even making the playoffs
Memphis, Portland, and Houston were pretty good in that era too
So you think this year is weaker than last years west? Lmao
2019 it was pretty weak
Nah it was way worse in the 80s than it is now
Think it’s weak or injury prone?  Maybe it goes hand in hand?
I’m not talking relative to competition, I mean from a talent standpoint
I think it’s more injuries than dogshit, though maybe they can be argued as the same thing especially with aging teams.  Suns, clippers, lakers, Pels, wolves etc have hardly been full strength all year
Because they have one of the worst defenses ever
Turns out stars dont really matter all that much when your team composition sucks
By their own choice clearly if you watched tonight.
Doncic might not get first team
Because they aren't a good team lmao
Houston, unfortunately for my argument, were 41-41 and in the last year of Dwight. They were so much better in 2016-17. Memphis is a good shout. They might not have had the top end talent, but no one wanted to have to play them.
Yes
Dude the 2022 Warriors and the 2022 Suns would smoke every team in this West
Yea lol no doubt
The 8 seed Clippers had 48 wins in 2019 and gave the Warriors a shockingly competitive series.
A bit hand and hand. You guys have had injury issues for much of the year as did the Clippers and Pels. Memphis had JJJ out to start the year and the Ja drama. Warriors had availability issues due to injury/ personal life with Steph and Wiggins. We lost Brunson and have been a train wreck. Minnesota wasn’t as good as people thought they’d be post Gobert trade, but KAT had injury issues as well. The Lakers stunk pre trade-deadline.   The Kings and Nuggets are basically the only West teams that haven’t had a weird or injury filled year.
Even then. 2008 2001 2002 2014 2015 2010 are seasons that come to mind and can't be topped. The 4th or 5th best West teams from those years would smoke this year's best team in the Nuggets. They beat Phoenix too although a closer series if that's who you consider the best this year.
The whole league has better talent
Can you pass this along to Mark Cuban because I don't think he understands this.
So the 2022 suns would “smoke” The better version of their own team?
Agreed.  I feel the ‘hypothetical’ West could be very strong this year.   But a lot of the guys missing time are prone to not playing so it is what it is.
Damn, I hope Biz is good man, he's been a huge spark defensively this year.
Ok but why are the Lakers in a struggle against the Suns’ bench
[the injury](https://streamable.com/0nv0gd), if anyone missed it
his reaction was concerning. only cause for some optimism is that it was from a knee to knee hit, wasn't non-contact.
Man, that Kendrick Lamar song about Biyombo was awesome.
Sit down, biyombo
Fuck AD bruh
Kneepads. Should have worn kneepads
THIS right here is why you sit your key players during meaningless games.
He had an outstanding first half with his interior defense. He certainly deserves some credit for AD and Bron shooting 3 for 13 that first half.
Shit happens. Suns struggled against Denver bench last game.
AD always plays down to his competition unless he has some personal grudge against them.
Story of this whole year really. Suns did the same shit yesterday
Who cares? This post is about biyombo's injury.lol
Oh god that looks bad. Hope it’s nothing serious
So Biyombo banged knees with AD at full speed and he wasn't set. That hurts, yuck.
Knocking knees with someone full speed is genuinely one of the worst pains I have felt in my life. That shit absolutely fucking hurts and you cannot move your knee for a short period.   Hope he’s good and there’s no extra damage behind it.
lmfao y’all wild if you actually spin this on him
AD: what he say fuck me for?
They banged knees as biyombo tried to wrap AD up on a drive, how could you possibly blame AD for this. Pathetic
As someone who hates that the Lakers traded for AD, I'm right there with you
Imagine blaming someone for banging knees. You act as if it is possible to even do that with intention.
We were like 19 point favorites the other night
Except suns have nothing to play for and looked like it. Lakers want this win badly
Yea not sure what that dude is hating about
Hope he doesn't miss too much time and this is precautionary
Bro… you guys won a chip with ad, lol.
Ive seen these two comment dumb shit everytime. 🤷
Denver had a really mediocre March with Embiid turning it on
nuggets were playing like ass and embiid was hooping during a crucial narrative building stretch
Narrative swapped like 4 times, it was Jokic MVP tied up, then Nuggets slumping so Embiid is MVP, then Embiid sat at Nuggets so Jokic is the MVP, then Jokic sold vs a bad team and Embiid carried vs the Celtics so Embiid MVP  I think any of the top 3 could be the MVP tbh just funny how the narrative swapped so easily
"And it looks like he's playing better now than he was at the beginning of the season. So what changed?"  he's played 1 game in the last like two weeks   that 4 game losing streak combined with Embiid at the same time going off shifted it
The Nuggets started to slip. They’ll still be the 1 seed, but that’s partially because the 2 seed’s best player got quasi-suspended for a few weeks for acting hood. They’re gonna finish with at most 54 wins, an historically weak 1 seed.  The Celtics won 67 games the year Bird won his 3rd straight MVP. Winning 3 in a row requires insane dominance, both on an individual level and on a team level. It may not be fair, logical, or reasonable, but that’s the bottom line. MVP isn’t determined by a BBall Reference algorithm; it’s determined by human voters. And voters care about narrative and historical context.
It’s so funny how people are convinced Kendrick Perkins voice has any sway lol
The Nuggets lost like 4 straight. Including to the Spurs.
Embiid started played like he was possessed while the nuggets were struggling
It was that one clip of the Spurs finishing on him over and over
People started arguing that defense should matter
the stretch where the Nuggets kept losing and Jokic wasn't playing as well and Embiid went *off* on flames alongside a winning streak. The nail in the coffin was the 52 point game.
Jokic sitting out those games recently imo is what sealed it for me. The games played gap between Embiid and Jokic is only 2 games now. Not significant.  Jokic still edges Embiid out on advanced stats, but Embiid is in a more competitive conference and has a better team record. And frankly, unlike last year, Jokic actually has a better team around him.  Also recency bias. Jokic hasn't had monstrous games recently, while Embiid is absolutely balling out. That 50 burger in a win against the Celtics especially.
Nuggets blow out Memphis in early March, getting the tiebreaker and a 6 game lead in the conference. Basically locks up the conference. Nuggets proceed to stop giving a shit and lose 4 in a row. Around that time, the 2nd strawpoll comes out and Jokic has a gigantic lead. People realise the guy might actually 3 peat. Smear campaign starts. Jokic lowlights become the new hot thing on the internet. At the same time, Embiid and the Sixers go on a tear closing the gap and Jokic just stopped playing the last 2 weeks and Embiid dropped 52 points. Now we are here
Media doesn't want the MVP to lose its vaule after Denver gets bounced before the WCF
March was really ugly for Denver (like, really really ugly) and really good for Embiid having monstrous games. It didn’t help that Kendrick went on that rant at about the same time and talks of narratives started sprouting up. It was a perfect storm of all that coming together that had everything shift.  If I was a voter I’d probably pick Giannis but I see the case for Embiid and Jokic too. I know people are getting tired of the talk but I think this year has been fun to watch with all the fuckery. This season got me fully back into the NBA again
He doesn't play any defense. He's a defensive liability who has to be hidden on defense by Malone.  Meanwhile Giannis and Embiid have absolutely been balling out on both sides of the ball.
how many games has jokic missed recently?
Has the mobility of a trailer park mother of 5 and defends as such
Because embiid is playing better
Well for starters, Embiid dropped 50 on Jokic and ended the game by hitting a step-back 3 in Jokic’s face.  Then Embiid looked like the greatest Center of all time for the last 2 months so there’s that  Additionally, people began to realize Jokic was dealing with a much worse conference and did not play wonderfully the last month.
hard to admit, but kendrick perkins saying dumb shit started a side convo this year
Just like the Oscars, there was a lot of campaigning against him.
Perkins racist take
The media went into desperation mode to avoid a Jokic three-peat, first calling him a stat-padder, then calling the media racist for voting for him, then Sixers fans and team employees started putting together video montages of teams scoring against Jokic, which all coincided with the Nuggets having essentially locked up the 1-seed in the West and looking past bad teams over the past 20 games. It became a toxic conversation and Jokic didn't want to be involved with it at all so he sat the last part of the season.
Racism, Denver losing streak, Embiid scoring 50 and Jokic scoring 14
Cuz people got mad about the thought of Jokic winning his 3rd straight
Kendrick Perkins
Coach Malone imploded with his experimental lineups and blamed the players for losing games. Pop, Riley, or Jackson caliber coaches have the credentials and enough respect to call out their players publicly and expect positive results. But when mediocre coaches like Rivers and Malone do this, you can expect nothing short of the opposite.
u/Zhugo went crazy one day and changed the narrative overnight it seems.
I love the "he's the worst defensive center by a country mile" arguments. So if his on/off numbers are beating everyone else, does that make him the greatest offensive player of all time by a country mile? IDC about the MVP convo, just interesting how some people argue things and hold his defense accountable (sure), but then ignore the aspect that if his on/off numbers are greater than Embiids, that must make him the GOAT on the offensive side (which probably isnt the case? But it also isnt the case his defense is the worst of all time). What I'm getting at here
Kendrick Perkins used raciscm to be racist and started a narrative against Jokic.
Getting smoked by the tanking Rockets certainly didn't help
Should be Giannis
Embiid hired a troll army to post lowlights of jokic during their 5 game slump
Yep.     Jokic had a 5 game stretch where he scored under 20 points 4 times and then Denver proceeded to lose 4 in a row.        Around this time the Sixers won 8 consecutive with Embiid putting up 36/9/5 on 63/48/85 shooting splits. 5 of those games in a row he recorded at least 3 blocks too so the defensive gap between the two players became extra noteable.
Also missed a few games now.  Before you could use the angle that no one has won an MVP in decades playing less than 70 games I think it was, barring shortened seasons. A few weeks ago you would think that Jokic would be in the 72-74 range, and it would be expected that Embiid would end around 64-66, especially if they locked their seed in with a few games left.
This is exactly what happened. I will only add that in addition to Jokic slumping Joel and the Sixers surged. This coincided with Jokic being criticized for his bad defense, and the voters being called out for being racist or having biases towards Jokic, depending on who you ask. Jokic had a *vice grip* on the MVP until *all four of these things* happened *simultaneously*.   Then the last two swaps basically happened over the course of a week and a half.
MVP decision is basically all recency bias I’ve noticed lol.  If they miss a game or play bad while the other person has a good game, it’s over.
I was thinking now as  the past 2 months or so, not the past week
Bird went to the Finals 3x and won 2 during that stretch as well.   Jokic has been zero times and I don’t think pundits much rate his chances this year
Spoke it into existence.
Sorry but "embiid Is in a more competitive conference"? He was literally competing with two teams for top seed and ended up third
March was bad, and February wasn't good either. Haven't looked like a number 1 seed with a back to back MVP for quite a while now.
but he's still helped his team be better than those two when he's on the court
Any defense ? Get out of here .
Nah, Perkins doesn’t have a big enough voice to change voters minds. This is just gonna be copium for people that think Jokic deserved to win. The truth is the gap was never big and Jokic tailed off, while Embiid lit it up
The media went into desperation mode to avoid the media giving him an award that the media has already given him two times?  And Jokic sat because *he didn't want to be involved in the MVP conversation???*  Please tell me this is satire.
Idk if he changed the narrative in real life, but on Reddit my man was putting in work!   It's like he got annoyed by nobody talking about Jokic's defense and just woke up one day and went straight up "fine I'll do it myself" Thanos mode.
It's rare for a team to allow their slow center to run the offense regardless of how good of a touch or vision they have with the ball. Most organizations would prefer their center to conserve that energy for the traditional center roles to protect the rim and be in position for off/def rebounds.  Only center I can think of that they let play like how they let Jokic was Wilt for one season so he could prove a point but I think they still expected him to be an elite rim protector.
True, but those guys have to keep it basically neck and neck all year to be in position for this to be possible late in the year.  Guys like Giannis, Shai, etc have played great recently, but nobody cares in terms of MVP.
The two best teams in the NBA are in the East, and the Sixers still have a better record than the Nuggets. Not to mention that the top 8 East seeds all have better records than the West counterparts.
Debatable at best.
No that was Aaron Gordon, or KCP or MPJ, actually we don't know because he only played with the starters compared to the other candidates so all those Net rating stats had to be thrown out the window.
Clearly that guy's never seen Jokic's elite slaps and kick balls
You do understand that each team plays 4 games against teams in their own conference and only two games against teams from the opposite conference?  West is probably the most stacked conference in history of basketball, and then they just added durent and Kyrie from the east. East is just top-heavy, but rest of the teams are not even close, unless you really want to compare this phoenix, GSW, Lakers, clippers with Knicks, Cleveland and Miami?
not really   Embiid +9.1   Giannis +7.4  Jokic +12.3   Jokic without Jamal in 800 minutes +13   Jokic without Jamal and MPJ + 9.74
That’s literally fact
Jokic without Gordon +8   Jokic without KCP +11   Jokic without MPJ +8.5
Pretty sure Embiid has played almost as many minutes as Jokic with at least 3 other starters
He plays ok defense. To say that he doesn't play any if just rubbish.
No shit they are stacked when everyone is healthy dude .... but we are talking about how they performed in the regular season. The West had a slew of injuries and teams like the Warriors, Suns, Lakers, Clippers, Pelicans way underperformed in the regular season.  The East teams in the regular season were better because they were far healthier. And their records show it. Period.
Don’t wanna dig in to this too much because lineup data is tricky  Fascinating to see how Gordon and KCP are rated though as the team suffers significantly more without them  Jokic is  +7.9 without Gordon  -2.0 without Gordon and KCP  Not guys are such perfect compliments to Jokic, on offence and defence  Murray and MPJ are overkill when you already have an offensive force like Jokic. Most of their most balanced lineups only have one or the other
Don’t think you know what literal, or fact means.
Giannis played more minutes WITH Jevon Carter (904) than Jokic played WITHOUT Gordon (629)
You've lost your credibility. Jokic is terrible on defense. That's a fact to anybody who watches the games.
Nuggets are statistically better when Jokic is on the court than when Embiid and Giannis are on the court for their respective teams. That’s a fact
i don't understand what this means  he's still dominant without him on the court
You post porn on Reddit bro gtfo lol
You cannot define "best" or "better."   Saying Jokic is leading Joel in advanced stat X is a fact. Because that can be defined empirically. Saying Jokic is better than Joel will always be opinion.
Who said anything about misleading statistics? Oh yea, forgot your a Denver fan and can only site “stats”.
Wtf does that have to do with anything?   Grasping for straws, I see.
I Judge based on performance. The Nuggets perform better when Jokic is on the court than the other 2. Comment said “but he's still helped his team be better than those two when he's on the court” which is true. Is the Bucks starting lineup the best on paper? Probably? But that’s not how they’ve performed. Unfortunately we can’t make judgments based on what looks better on paper but by what’s actually happened
How is it misleading? Someone’s mad lol
So if the stats are not to be trusted, what then? Eye test is much more unreliable cause it's literally perception.
No comments in a month. Using a throwaway account. Nice troll lol
Jokic has played 1500 possessions with his best 3 guys, Embiid has played 1100 with his best 3
On/off is one of the worst stats because it’s missing so much context. Who else you are on the floor with, who is on the floor when you sit, etc.
Wtf does that have to do with anything in this thread?  You're not bright at all.
But it tells something that matches other stats. You're just not doing enough diligence to check it
You know Fitz is actually a decent overall announcer esp if you look at the Bubble + Olympics. It's just once it's anything Warriors that he gets super homer
Dude has a great announcing voice but he's a SUPER homer LOL
I miss Jim Barnett
Bob Fitzgerald has always been cringey AF
Jim was so good. He kept Bob in check and always kept it real, none of that calling the game one-sided stuff that a lot of home guys do, he saw something the team was doing bad, he was honest in a constructive way and didn't gaslight.
yes they are some of the worst in the league
It’s sad that for such a great team and dynasty, the voice of it was Bob Fitzgerald
All these complains are always the same for every team comms.  For each time 29 teams have listen to their announcers at most 4 times in a season. Their home team fans have to listen to them 82 teams in that season. Why would any team comms NOT be homer? Even if they want to be they literally travel with the team and know way more about every bench member of their team than any research can inform them about the next team they face.
Trash
They're just not very good.
I don't have a problem with homer announcers. Fitz is just not that enjoyable a homer. Bulls broadcasts are biased as hell but fun anyway.
HE is horrible and all real warriors fans hate him.  (Fitz of course).
I keep thinking I'm listening to a less funny Richard Jefferson at times.
They're both insufferable, like the food critic and her brown nosing assistant in The Menu.
I find it hard to watch warriors games because of them, last thing I need is commentators being overly biased and not giving any hype or credit to opposing teams, and overly doing it for the home team. Just takes the enjoyment of watching games, unless you are a warriors fan ig
Hearing him say "off iron" makes me want to put my penis into a blender
Weird narrative popular with people who don't actually, like  watch Warriors games  Like yes he wants the Warriors to win but he gets hype instead of salty when opponents do something cool and he studies every opposing team so he's well-informed about their players and can tell people about them. When a Warriors player commits a foul, he'll acknowledge that instead of pretending that the Warriors are screwed on every call. Sometimes he'll say something that went against the Warriors was a good call even when it wasn't.  He loves basketball. He just hates *bad* basketball and James Harden.
Same
Yes Jim was incredible. He also had a genuine relationship with the players. Someone you’d be down to grab a beer and watch a game with.
Yoooo 😂
Wut
AYOOOOOOOO
What are you doing Step Curry???
I always try to. I’m grateful when it’s on ESPN or TNT. Penis Van Gundy is cool but Mark Jackson is rough.
At least we have that one good Mike Breen call.
I’m dead
No idea why you are even getting downvoted? I've seen King do signed posters for away players for fucks sake hahaha.
>not giving any hype or credit to opposing teams..  This shit is constantly repeated and far from the truth. Yes Fitz is biased af but to say he doesn't give credit to the opposing team or players is not accurate at all.
But he does hype up other players on a nightly basis. The enthusiasm not being the same doesn’t mean he’s a bad announcer.
Thats a lie. Fitz always give credit to the other team. Sometimes even too much
I don't watch every Warriors game, but I've watched multiple where dude gets salty at ref calls that aren't egregious, etc
Remember when Kelenna mocked Facundo Campazzo?
Hahah we’ve found the LEAST delusional fan 😂  This is hilarious to me because it’s wrong on, literally, every level
"Good basketball" = basketball played by the Golden State Warriors  "Bad basketball" = basketball played by teams opposing the Golden State Warriors
yeah man youre right nobody tunes in to watch one of the most popular players to ever play the game but warrior fans. they're, like, bad. and they've been bad for years now.
I used to like the Warriors until I noticed their commentary. It's not even homer in an endearing way. It's like they don't even pay attention to other teams at times. I have not watched them this year much because I am too invested in other teams, but it was always a deal breaker for me. I would just switch streams over and over until I could find the other broadcast.
I only have two books on my shelf: The Rules of Acquisition, and the Book of Barnett.
He deffo gets salty lol not hype
No. I don't even remember who Facundo Campazzo is.
Is it? I mean to a non-warrior fan the announcers are going to sound extra homer, like with every team. He covers players on the other teams and gets excited when they do things. Just because they don’t strictly adhere to your biases doesn’t mean they’re awful announcers.
God no.  Sometimes the Warriors play bad basketball and Fitz gets mad about it and calls it out.  Sometimes he gets very excited about plays by opponents.  You really have never watched them huh?
I thought you were a Warriors fan? The Warriors even apologized to the Nuggets and those two broadcasters also reached out to Campazzo and Rivers for their remarks. Weird for you to say "watch Warriors games" 🤷
I've seen the warriors play plenty and you're right they call out their own team, but i still think they're both corny and just about the biggest homers of all the announcers
I am, but I don't really make a point of remembering shit to do with random Nuggets benchwarmers because that's really not a central focus of Warriors fandom.  82 Warriors games in a season plus all the neutral games I watch and you seriously think a fringe player for another team is what I'm going to concentrate on?  Gonna guess your precise flavour of flairless coward is nuggets fan
Good for you
Uhm but your initial comment makes it seem like you know everything about the commentators right? Thats the topic at hand and not about the Nuggets player. Btw Campazzo wasnt a benchwarmer that time soooooooooo. It was trending right after the game but hey, you do you. 🤷
didnt have to do the bandwagon like that.
So you're telling me if its not Slovenia Night tonight then they wont send Luka out at all?  Thats fucked, what a bunch of clowns
Once the lottery balls bounce Dallas out of the 10th, Silver will tell Cuban to bounce on his balls.
Our organization is shit, Dirk saved us and made us look like a respectable team
None of the other starters played. This was an obvious tank job for that 10th pick
The Bucks are really going to have the best record in the NBA and not have a player or coach win one of the major awards.  Hasn't happened in like 20 years.
Really already been 11 years since Marc won it. Damn.   Glad the award is back in Memphis
shout out u/DelanoJ. This is for you.
Dude was actually getting cooked this game. And he's only gonna play 63 games, should be automatically disqualified for the award like he would be next year.  https://www.nba.com/stats/events?CFID=&CFPARAMS=&GameEventID=203&GameID=0022201208&Season=2022-23&flag=1&title=Wigginton%2018%27%20Pullup%20Jump%20Shot%20(10%20PTS)  https://www.nba.com/stats/events?CFID=&CFPARAMS=&GameEventID=600&GameID=0022201208&Season=2022-23&flag=1&title=Wigginton%2020%27%20Step%20Back%20Jump%20Shot%20(23%20PTS
He would have been the favourite for the dpoy if he played more games.
Giannis is my mvp and DPOY. Weird year for narratives I’m shocked he’s not really in contention for either
It’s because your players are so good that they detract from any individual impact, like Lopez might not win cause Giannis is also a DPOY level guy, and Giannis may not win MVP because he has Lopez and Jrue and Middleton
But you will have folks on All NBA and All Defense Teams, and maybe a Championship. Sometimes a stronger overall team works like that
That's fine
Much love💕was such a fun game
Good thing he’s winning it this year and probably next
You cant really talk about getting "cooked" on switches if you're advocating for Brook Lopez
He actually is the favorite as of now
He had a little MVP momentum but Embiid had that game against Boston at the exact right time that pretty much shut that whole thing down.
Yea it’d be pretty fucked up to award people for being too good
I thought it was JJJ's edge though.
"carried by 10/18 3pt shooting"     ...you mean good team play? why is this specified and assumed to be bad? tf
This would be one of the most embarrassing losses I’ve seen a team get in the regular season if the lakers legitimately lose this game.
Generational slander incoming if Lakers lose this game
Has to be the first time all season where both LeBron and AD both had substandard first half performances in two consecutive games. Gotta think fatigue is probably playing a factor.  They combined for 3 out 13 for 11 points, and they've been outscored by Cam Payne who Bron told to "stay humble" last year.
how is it fortunate lmao   Malik can shoot, Russell can shoot, and they've been open
Reaves has as many points as Bron and AD combined
Biyombo is AD father
Joke of an effort
Just embarrassing the Suns are playing hard and we’re playing with no effort
Biyombo with nearly as many points as AD?? Lol?
Lakers overall have played like garbage. Maybe they’d turn it up if the Suns’ stars were playing, but still, this should be an easy win. Feels like Bron and AD are being lazy right now.
Tonight just keeps on giving. Don’t care if we lose though I like the bench effort so far
No way they dont call that foul on Payne there. That was as obvious as they come.
We got Dlo, Reaves and Beas carrying us while the rest of the team is as lost as me during my finals
Bc they just go through the motions and it's drives everyone crazy
Should have "tanked".   The Mavs were up at half time.
Bro WTF is this effort
This is definitely a do the bare minimum to win kinda effort. Probably just gonna keep close contact and then try to turn it on in the 4th
It’s so crazy how when we play well it’s “WAY FORTUNATE” and “carried” but when we play the jazz and they get hot from deep, with olynyk shoots 4/4, samanic shoots 2/3, ochai shoots 4/8 and DAMIAN FUKCING JONES shoots 3/3, then they played a great game and we deserved to lose
Ah right next to the Warriors losing to the Suns bench at home earlier this season as well
I think Bron and AD will step up in the 2nd half. Biyombo unfortunately got injured, and he's had a fantastic game contesting close shots by Davis and Bron.  Also, we lost to Bridges and Suns bench as well at home.
Must not have seen the Hawks lose to the Sixers G Leaguers just 2 hours ago
While not as bad, Hawks tonight was bad.
i take it you didnt see us lose to portland (we were like 19.5 point favorites) when they rested their entire starting lineup lol
It’s honestly just an expectation they blow this.
Generationally deserved too
Especially after Lakers fans were talking about how Suns have yet to play a contender and aren’t a scary team only for a full strength “we will win it all” Lakers to lose to the Suns bench
*When we lose this game. We suck
How many games have they even played together this season? 30?
You’d be surprised , Malik has been ass from 3 since we signed him.
You're surprised? Anthony Davis has been a disappointment in LA
Difference is that the Lakers are fighting to get out of the play in and to choke this hard against a team’s bench in such an important game is much worse imo.
Yea that was pretty bad too, but the lakers are a potential championship contender with a fully healthy squad losing to a teams bench, I think this one is a tad bit more embarrassing.
In Atlanta's defense, Doc Rivers always turns into Gregg Popovich when his star players are out
man you really live up to your username consistently
35% for the threes he takes and the volume is probably fine
How can one person consistently produce shit tier takes like you? It’s impressive
I'm not surprised but I'm not allowed to say what you just said or the mobs attack
True. But if the Warriors win tonight they're basically in the play-in regardless. (Unless you think Portland beats them Sunday).
Warriors weren’t exactly pulling away with the top seed when we were fighting for a play in spot at the time I believe
"fully healthy". It is clear you have not been paying attention. There are three starters playing through foot injuries. Just because they are out there, it does not mean they are "fully healthy".
Shit tier? What has AD done for us since 2020?
Because it’s a blatantly braindead take. You’d rightfully get attacked lmfao
Because it’s a fucking trash take.
Here we go again…
Here comes the mob
What exactly? Me pointing out facts? Have you read the injury report prior to the game? The truth is the truth.  Edit: Actually I won't add anything beyond this. Good luck in the playoffs, Brunson and Randall are beasts.
>says something dumb  >surprised people disagree  >complains about “mob”
Don't get so upset buddy it's all jokes lol
I won’t forget what Luka was doing to the clippers
na last year’s team probably
They played a lot of defense last year, that was prob it.
No, it was last year’s team.   Easily the best point guard rotation in the NBA with Luka, Dinwiddie, and Brunson who had fully broken out by the playoffs. Finney-Smith and Bullock were playing well and made for an excellent 3&D wing duo. Solid bench with Dinwiddie, Kleber, and Hardaway (if he was healthy). Starting center was effectively that team’s only weakness.   Every other Luka-led Mavs team has had weaknesses with defense and shot creation outside of Luka.
That would be some depressing “help” if the 2020 team was the best help he had
Carlisle might have been a voice of reason to Cuban.  And a much better coach than Kidd.  Too bad Luka chased him off.
Mavs are a top 2 seed this year with that bubble version of Luka.
He’s never had any help his entire tenure lol
he might never get a chance to beat the kawhi-pg clippers now
Carlisle had his faults too. Old voice and single handedly cost them game 3 2021 and indirectly the series when they had a massive lead which he proceeded to put in shit lineups and forget to use timeouts.  For some reason the trio of Luka Carlisle and KP couldn't get on the same page. One had to go.
He’s never gonna get a chance to beat anybody since he’s eating his way out of the league
both been as equally far
we got to game 6 😤
Playing defense on Steph Curry is like being drunk and trying to catch a bouncing ping pong ball
If he fumbles the ball, 100% the ball goes in.
Man they blinked while fighting for a rebound and next thing you know Curry was running to defend while making a three wtf is bro on lmao
If you blink on the chef next thing is money
It's a testament to how insane Steph is that I was expecting something more based on that title
He got his feet perfectly squared up with the basket there. Unreal.
He thrives in chaos
I like how Dray’s always pass to steph even before he’s there on the spot.
He is him.
0.5 second to shoot the ball and swooshes it in!!  Quickest shot in league history.
[Gotta start guarding him the moment he wakes up](https://youtu.be/U75MZgOjOzg)
Shutup Fitz...
Please be more descriptive with your titles
a bouncing football
[No doubt](https://streamable.com/b8vs0)
That's when the ultra instinct kicks in
Steph fucks kings
Top 4 player of all time, Stephen Curry, being just a big silly boy.
Greased pig.
I forgot that Oladipo was still around.  How has he been this year? His stats look pretty bad.
Good for for Victor.   He's still an ungrateful  a\*\*hole.
Kinda meaningless against a Wizards team starring Johnny Davis
Nowhere near where he needs to be but he can still hoop. A lot of off nights but when he has a good night it’s like vintage Dipo. Wouldn’t expect a career revival though he’s strictly a bench role player now.
Seems like that's what usually happens with major injuries.  It doesn't necessarily take away your ability to play like your vintage self, but it makes it impossible to do it consistently.
They were the 4 seed when the trade was made
They had like 20 games that ended like this this season
Lots of these examples. Remember when they missed six straight free throws in the last minute to blow a lead to the Bucks?
Shades of AD’s bs tightly contested buzzer beating heave to win the tiebreaker that ultimately ended up kicking us out of the 2015 playoffs
This was THE Isaiah Joe game, and his debut!   First playing time is 4 minutes left in regulation and he finished the game with 15 pts on 4/4FG in 9 minutes (Mark left him in all of OT as even he couldn’t believe what he was witnessing)
The Kyrie curse is real
[Box score for that game](https://www.espn.com/nba/boxscore/_/gameId/401468241)
[They never recovered after Limp Dick 77 bowed to the King Dong](https://imgur.com/a/gIXff4l)
Maybe if they stopped going for deep contested fadeaway Luka iso 3s ATO when only down 1 or 2 points. That happened what like 6 or 7 times this season? Pretty sure he missed them all.
A pretty shitty 4 seed tho. Like 32-30
SGA & KD are Luka Doncic’s fathers.
Yep. We weren’t a good team by any metric, even before the trade. Pretty sure we lost like 70% of our games against the bottom 3 seeds in each conference this season lol
Relocates? That’s his home! Anywhere behind the three is his home
fumbled dribble Steph is the greatest player of all time don't @ me
He knew it was in the moment he shot it.
lmao
Greatest shot of my life. (biased because i saw it live)
Porzingis was a 23-year-old All-Star at the time who had a ton of hype despite the ACL injury.
A healthy Kristaps is the perfect fit for Luka. A guy who can both roll and pop off of ball screens
They probs thought it was the next Nash-Nowitzki lmao
https://np.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/alu2ds/wojnarowski_new_york_has_agreed_with_dallas_on/  Most people on /r/nba at the time praised Dallas for pulling off the trade
The Dinwiddie trade is the one that didn’t make sense to me KP was an alright try. Bertrand is fucking horrible at basketball and Dinwiddie is JAG
Why not tho? You saying this shit because the trade did not work lol.
Because at the time KP was a 24 year old all star with all kinds of potential to pair with a young superstar in Luka. The draft is never a guarantee and if you have two star pieces like the Mavs thought they had in Luka and KP then it is much easier to fill in the rest of the roster with complimenting pieces rather than hope to draft a third star.  Unfortunately KP did not mesh well with Luka and could not stay healthy. I would make that trade as Dallas 10 times out of 10 even though it ended up as the absolute worst case scenario for them.
All they gave up was 2 firsts and Porzingis had just been an all star. The mavs got the two best players in the trade. It was a good trade for them imo
Have you seen Porzingis or his stats this season?
They got him for cheap and he was projected to be a good player. Luka by himself is too talented for a tanking team. They also dumped DSJ at the same time, who was toxic and a bum. Did you watch the nba that season?
Because people thought Porzingis was going to be a legitimate maxworthy dude, and you don't usually get one of those even with a top three pick.   The top ten picks in that draft were Zion, Ja, RJ Barret, De'Andre Hunter, Darius Garland, Jarret Culver, Coby White, Jaxon Hayes, Rui Hachamura, and Cam Reddish.   Which of those guys is making Dallas better right now? Obviously Garland and Ja are really good, but neither of them is as good a fit with Luka as Porzingis looked likely to be. Zion is obviously a huge upgrade if he's healthy.   But most of those guys? Not really. And people thought KP was gonna be a superstar. At the time of the trade, probably only Zion is somebody who is seen as having higher superstar potential than KP.
Kristaps is just another empty calories player
Honestly, who cares… Porzingis hasn’t done much since the trade to make the Mavs regret the trade
Cuz a duo of two white players is always fucking awesome to see. Then again I'm biased cuz I'm white lol
The real question is why they traded him away for nothing.  Seems like for such a business man investor Cuban buys high and sells low on every trade.
He was also a 7’3” giant with knee problems who needed a new max contract extension.   People can defend the move all they want. It was wrong because it was too early. You don’t yet know who Luka is. The team was already in the playoff hunt his rookie year. You know you’ll hopefully never be a bottom tier for the coming years. They should’ve been patient, built slowly, accumulated assets and good role players, and then made the big swing when it was all clearly aligned.  Edit: this is all recency bias because he’s been good this year for a team with no expectations. Capela is a great example of someone they could’ve got for cheaper that would’ve fit better.
Yea, the end of the 2019-20 season right before the league shut down and in the bubble they were looking like a scary duo. Unfortunately KP got hurt in the playoffs and missed some of the next season. Playing just 110 games together in 2 and half season really hurt their chemistry.
Good thing Cuban learned from that and paid to retain talent.
And one its top 10 protected  And we get THJ too
Dude was fantastic in Washington this year. Arguably had the best season of his career thus far.
He had a great year in Washington
He’ll bring it up how it was a mistake in 17 years
Are ppl forgetting the 2022 trade that helped the Mavs go to the WCF?  Porzingis is a solid player, but those numbers were gotten on a bad team this season.  I look forward to seeing Porzingis put up similar numbers on a contending team…
It wouldn’t have moved the needle for the Mavs. And he didn’t fit well with Luka. He was basically relegated to the corner to take 3s.
He still would have been their second best player easily, not sure how it would cascade into a kyrie trade. I understand what you’re saying but they were missing a good big all year if he was gonna be this healthy I bet they win a few more games
Since the only way that can happen is if Minn beats NO on Sun, I believe the tiebreaker would resolve as Min (4-2 in common games) first, Lakers (4-3) second, NO third (2-5)
For the clippers, at this point it's either 5 seed or all the way down to the 8th and play a bad matchup for us in pelicans in play in.   Fk that, I'm just taking the 5th seed at this point.
Figure it out and get back to us
So in this scenario Minnesota loses to the tanking Spurs, then beats the Pelicans on a B2B?  I don't think we'll need to worry about it.
If you don’t think the Wolves losing to a tanking team and then turning around and beating a team they are in direct competition with is a possibility, then you haven’t been watching the Wolves this season.
No, it's Phoenix winning tonight which would set it up.
I did enjoy them finding a way to lose to Portland
And then we beat the nets.  With us anything is possible but mostly losing to bad teams and beating good teams
he gone.  Cuban fucked up.
I was hoping he would explain the intricacies of tanking
[Wojnarowski] Luka Doncic has requested a trade
Luka must feel incredibly disappointed and pissed off Mavs had to throw a game in front of his Slovenian fans
Hahahaha   10th pick or 10 seed   Cuban says 10th pick it is
He should have to speak, but only for a quarter of the usual time.
He gone
The media would surely have a lot of tough questions for a father neglecting his Suns.
He MEGA GONE
He already got that midnight trip to Cancun booked
Luka was able to drag Slovenia to the bronze medal game in the Olympics and somehow the Mavs put together a roster so bad he couldn't make the play in...
Now that his season over will Kyrie drop any hate speech
yall 100% believe he’s submitting a trade request? i don’t buy it.
Collin, Olynyk, and 6 firsts, you are a Maverick
\[Broussrard\] Sources: Cuban is beside himself. Driving around downtown Dallas begging (thru texts) for address to Doncic home
I think people genuinely don't understand the right POV here  Luka is a competitor and he's probably frustrated he couldn't play in the postseason but Dallas is way better off tanking. Nico Harrison and Cuban fucked up and their only real way out is to acquire frontcourt depth in the draft and through free agency. Every other West contender has good big men that would fry the Mavs in the paint and I'm sure the FO has consulted with Luka on that too  There's no point getting swept and losing your pick as compared to keeping it and retooling around Luka/Kyrie as a core  Luka is also not requesting a trade lmao. He's in year 1 of a 5 year extension and his defensive woes are a part of the reason they've been such a disaster. He's certainly not leaving before Kidd
this whole mavs debacle is funny  is the first time he’s chosen not to speak to the media
This so embarrassing for the Mavs. Might surpass the Russ trade in terms of damage done to a team.
I don't blame him in the slightest.  Just from a self preservation perspective, what is he even supposed to say?  Can't say it's bullshit to tank like that and can't say it's fine either.  Best not to even put yourself in that position.
Where the hell would Luka even go to tho?  New York?
It’s joever https://i.imgur.com/1giH71q.jpg
It won't happen, but I would die laughing if the Mavs traded Luka to the Hawks for Trae and a first.
Pussy  Trae Young would never
He not gone but that clock is definitely starting to tick in this era
Kyrie really took his team-killing to a whole new level this year.
Cuban is about to try to take Luka and trade for Wemby.
Ruh roh
“I’m going to eat my feelings.”
Bitchmade
Devin Booker is Luka Doncic father
Don't blame him, fuck the NBA media fr
You will always have game 7. Congrats. 😂
I hope he requests a trade.
He as gone as my hairline
Everybody act tough when they in the play in
Dude needs to man up and stop being a baby. Never compare this puss to LBJ or Jordan
Few  of you that predicted this .  I haven’t forgotten . Nice call   Now let’s see if your team prediction holds up . Doncic to the Lakers seems a bit extreme atm
Acting like a big baby. Not leadership material.
Kyrie is a team destroyer. Sure he plays well, but he makes other players around him play like dog diarrhea shit.  Which team will he destroy next?
Someone mentioned trading him for Wemby. That's an interesting question, Wemby could be legendary, and he's on his rookie contract, and he's what five years younger than Luka, but we're talking about Luka, here, top three player for the next 8ish years.    And Wemby has question marks about his durability. At least I think he does, but would Luka accept going to a losing team? Maybe if it's the Rockets. There, he would be getting a new coach, young promising players, Jalen Green, Jabari Smith Jr, Tari Eason, Sengun, Kevin Porter Jr. Some of thoose guys could be traded, along with picks, for veteran help. Lastly, the Rockets have a boatload of cap space. Even a minor chance Harden rejoins the team. It's actually a nice landing spot for Luka, and he can always leave when his contract runs out.   So I think Dallas does it, but does Houston do it?
[Come back home Luka](https://imgur.com/t47fK4w)
Luka to the warriors gonna be an all timer
Luka DonSpeak
LOL
Bro imagine a Jokić-Dončić team up….as a Balkan boi, I would nut
Quack 🦆
I’m just going to say if Kyler Murray did this he would get eviscerated
last text in the Mavs group chat: "the earth is round"
He gone to the Thunder for a zillion picks.  Luka, SGA, Chet, Jdub, Giddey.  Insta champs baybee
Mavs fans I hope you like Tobias Harris 🔥
Yeah, but they got the probable 10th pick to make up for it. How can you not make that deal?
Who's fault is it though?
Idk for sure, but I could see it happen.  My only hope is that if it does come to that we get another "Cuban begging (thru texts)" tweet when he tries to get him to stay.
It will for sure happen. All they literally have is him. No defense, no big man, no coaches, no leadership, no cap space, no trade assets, can't develop players, can't attract players, have to offer Kyrie the max.
Pls no, don’t bring that ball Hogg in and ruin what they got going on, let the young core develop. They’ve got enough talent and high potential no need to add Luka.
Luka Doncic, you are toronto raptor!!
Kings Legend
They couldn't put him in front of a mic. He would've let loose on how disgusted he was about them trying to lose on purpose etc...   Wish they did though, would've been an all timer
Come on now… u know Shams would get it first
Gonna hit like crack.
We kid, but I legitimately see this happening this summer
He should look in the mirror. He was part of the problem this year.   We pissed away winnable games from the FT line alone.   Him and everyone else on the team own the horrible season.
He was garbage today
Yea if you’re Luka or Kyrie or any superstar player, how do you fuck with that? Shut me down so we can get a better pick in the draft? That’s what you think is gonna change this team? Some unknown rookie? Yea if it was a chance at Wemby sure, but 10th pick?
No brainer.
It's not totally absurd given that Cuban knows there's a very good chance that one of Luka or Kyrie will be gone next season, and a small chance that both will be gone. This is regardless of whether they make it into the playoffs because they sure as hell ain't getting very deep into any series. Gotta have the pick to have flexibility.
I see what you did there
https://youtu.be/Ogqv6CtBfbE
Way this season's gone he's gonna end up in South Padre Island
Gotta run to his flight at Forth Worth. Traffic always crazy
Hitting the hookah extra hard tonight
“The Nuances of Pseudo-Intellectual Psycho Babble: Hot 99 Mix Tape Extended Version with Lion’s Den Freestyle vs Charlie Clips” drops on iTunes at Midnight tomorrow I hear.
If Kyrie leaves he kind of has to, they only have 15 mil in cap space even if Kyrie leaves.   Next year could be Jaden Hardy- Luka - THJ - Kleber - Powell starting lineup, with their 10th pick and Josh Green off the bench. Thats an even worse team than this years team
Man, I really like Luka but 6 firsts for a singular player is a LOT.
Stars have requested trades early in extensions before, it wouldn’t be too absurd. I could see the Mavs just saying “lol no” though
The problem was what happened with Brunson not Kyrie
If he got up there and said it was bullshit, would he even catch any shit? he would be more respected and would honestly silence some of the shade surrounding the team
inshallah 🙏
That's actually... Hilarious
SGA Would never.   Just stole your first team bucko!
Devin Booker would never
Well Trae Young is like LeBron, once he got a taste of the playoffs, he never missed them. Meanwhile Luka is like KG, needing to get his ass out of one of the worst run teams in the league.
If next year is just as bad he’s outta there
Kyrie has been very professional in dallas.it's the defense of the mavericks that sucks.
Lazy take
He sped it up   Normally it’s takes 3 to 4 years … now he has down to 3 months
Reddit moment
Suns fans really trying to make us forget about last playoffs. Luka is still Booker’s dad, even after this shit
This sub gonna meltdown when Luka goes to the Bucks only to blow a 3-0 lead to the Suns in the finals
Hey don't forget about game 7 last year bucko
I’m not even saying NBA media is great but the reason for this situation is the Mavs sucked. Media didn’t make them suck. Hell, if anything, I think the media likes Luka a lot and is kind of in the tank for the guy.
My money is the team withholding him from speaking to press.
He has a legit case on this one. The team owner forced the head coach to bench him after the first quarter when they were still in playoff contention.
If you didn't know he wanted Kyrie to accelerate him leaving Dallas then idk what to say at this point        Signs of this was coming after those 2 Hornets losses
He’d fit nicely in Philly
Doncic and Banchero would be a solid pairing in purple and gold 3 years down the line.
Why are you so obsessed with him?
you're losing at least 2 of those players for Luka. plus the picks
I don't like this, I think Luka should go to an east team. The hornets seem like a great landing spot to me.
Holy shit imagine. I thought maybe we’d pick up like Siakam or some like kinda star but Luka would be insane. No shot we don’t give up at least 1 or 2 of those guys for Luka unfortunately
2 All Nba players and a ton of other players with potential all star talent with Luka SGA no way they don’t at least win one right?!
thunder ain’t dumb enough to risk a year of irving to destroy everything they’ve built
Chet + Giddey goes for Luka prob.   &#x200B;  SGA-Luka-JDub is a top 4 seed though
JDub is headed to Dallas, if not JDub and Giddey or Chet
Giddy is as good as gone in a trade like that
Dallas has lots of problems but they can definitely develop players. Dorian Finney Smith, Jalen Brunson, Maxi Kleber, Josh Green, Jaden Hardy all developed by Dallas. The front office is just incompetent and Cuban is cheap.
I wish, but far more likely that he would have given a bunch of canned answers with barely concealed rage. I’m sure as a competitor he’s furious about that but I can’t see him flying off the handle enough to publicly call out Cuban. It would have rocked if he did though
It's gonna be Chris Haynes somehow
3k comments in 10 min
He put up 33/9/8 on an easily career high 61% true shooting this year.  Dude was having to drop 60/20/10 stat lines to beat an injured Knicks squad.    Come on.  Is he perfect?  No, he has plenty of room to improve.  He should get back on D more, attitude issues to improve, conditioning, etc etc -- but the roster around him, coaching, and front office have WAY more room to improve and space for blame. I think his frustration is entirely understandable, and while it's fair to say he should shoulder *some* blame, fact is the vast majority of blame is not on Luka, he has never been set up for success and has carried em as much as possible, and it's understandable why he is frustrated.  He is a remarkable talent and is responsible for far many of y'alls wins than your losses, and then they benched him when he has made it abundantly clear that he wanted to play as long as there was any chance of making the playoffs.  That is fucked up and bad management imo, and Luka being pissed is entirely fair.
Yeah, lol, luka is the problem with the mavs…
He’s also the reason you guys made the WCF. You were also the 5 seed before the Kyrie trade.
LeBron was garbage in the first half the other day, and then he was incredible in the 2nd half  Same thing could've happened for Luka except this unserious organization decided tanking was more important than their relationship with their superstar
Technically it is a chance at Wemby
Keep superstar happy, or destroy that relationship  Cuban said "fuck you Luka get outta here"
Hopefully the number 10 pick is as good as Luka who you just drove out of town
Especially since the 10th seed required OKC to lose to Memphis resting their players
Cuban did publicly say that they will do anything they can to resign Irving. And of course they don't want Irving unless it means Luka is around also.   But maybe you're right, he could be planning a rebuild in a few years. They probably peaked with brunson, that's why Cuban cries about brunson so much hahahaha
There’s some truth to that but it’s not a given Kyrie leaves and it’s not like trying for 10th seed really changes any of this. If anything that’s why they had to tank this game to try and get Luka a better roster next year or really risk losing him vs just a frustration that will likely pass.
Timberwolves gifted them 5 of those from a joke offer so really Ainge probably feels like he's giving up 1 FRP
Yeah thats true,   Those 6 picks could turn into anything, even Luka
But they have a shit load of picks. After giving away 6 they’d be just short of a normal number of picks
Not from fans, but I doubt he would want to trash his own team publicly like that.
Yes he would be in deep shit with both the Mavs and the league if he openly highlighted them throwing the game. Even though we all know..
Devin Booker would go on and lead a team on an 8-0  win just to have a chance to be part of the playoff.
This is certainly one of the analogies of all time
As lazy as Kyrie’s defence?
Absentee father this playoffs.
I already forgot about it 24 hours after it happened
Did you just come up with that I’ve never heard that one before
Means much less now homie sorry I’m about to watch my team go for a championship run while Dallas is done lol
Yea but who's going to say no to a zillion picks?
Fine…   Giddey, Dort, Dieng, Joe, and a fuckton of picks.
Nah it will be JJ Reddick  Or Barea
I think the frustration is that as great as he is, his own work ethic and attitude are holding him back. He also seems to have set a terrible attitude for the team that lacks accountability.  Imagine if Luka came into the year in shape and wasn't gassed by the end of the game. He shot measurably worse in 4th quarters. Both fg% and free throws are down.  The other side is his attitude toward refs and begging for calls. There must be a half dozen plays a game he's crying to the ref while the opposing team is headed down the court. He's elite but by all accounts it feels like he could be the best in the NBA if he gets his head on straight
You can’t be the superstar lead ball handler and set a bad example for teammates tho. Even guys who aren’t big vocal leaders like Kawhi/KD will still give 110% effort which rubs off on other players   The tier of guys Luka gets compared to just have another level of mental discipline which is expected from someone that good
Hence the phrase “part of the problem”. Y’all need to learn to read.
He said “part” of the problem, which is true.
Is it insane at this point to say he poses a bit of a problem? If you had to identify a singular issue then of course it’s not him   But his attitude on the court alone really isn’t setting any sort of positive or winning tone. He wasn’t much of a leader this year and you do expect that from the guy who is the face of your team.
He has shown nothing but exceptional leadership and poise all year and is therefore blameless.
I guess your lack of reading comprehension missed the phrase  “part of”
Yup, not defending anyone here
No GM is gonna say anything about letting Kyrie go in the offseason. That's absolutely insane in terms of tanking his value.
You could use that logic with any number.   “Those 12 picks could turn into anything, even Luka”   At some point you have to draw the line about how many is too much, even for someone as good as him.
Fax
He did make them last year-
Got 'em. Luka gets more passes than any player here.
bro got kyrie'd, it happens to the best of us
He just wants to go to grocery store brother
The Mavs
The Mavs, the fans would riot. You go from having a generational mega star to picks that have a slim CHANCE at becoming someone even close to Luka's caliber.   You need to at least give the fans some they might be a play-in team by getting a few NBA ready players.
I just want to put this out there that any team that actually somehow gets Luka in a trade, their team will get absolutely gutted
You’d have to give up all of the top picks and everyone not SGA.
joe’s name even being worth a mention in a luka trade makes me soul shiver
Luka came into this year in shape.
...speaking of reading comprehension, I acknowledged that part of your post in mine, but I was getting a bit more nuanced than that.  My point was that *his* "part of the problem," while it exists, is so vastly smaller than all the other parts of the problem that it's fucked up for that to be the thing you mention.  He doesn't need to "look in the mirror" to figure out the Mavs problems.  I'm sure he knows he isn't perfect, but his imperfections are *not* anywhere near the prime cause for the Mavs overall failure.  Your only point to the notion that he must be incredibly disappointed was "he should look in the mirror."  My response is saying...no actually, I am sure he is aware he isn't perfect but he is not the reason to be disappointed in the team.  The problem isn't Luka.  I acknowledge that he can shoulder *some* blame, but I mean that in the sense than basically *any* rotation player shoulders *some* blame in any team failure.  My point is -- you shouldn't say he should look in the mirror when wondering what is wrong with the Mavs.  He isn't perfect but had an incredible year and carried em as much as I think anyone could reasonably expect.  The biggest problems aren't Luka.
You can point to individual games or instances for those “problems” but on the whole? Dude is single handedly the reason the mavs stay relevant.   He’s crazy efficient with high volume, gets assists and boards. Can he improve on defense and FTs? For sure, but as long as he’s surrounded by the subpar pieces around him leading him to carry the load on offense, you can’t expect him to not get gassed on the defensive end.   He’s also a competitor. That’s why he’s frustrated, it’s not an attitude issue.  But yeah let’s put him under the microscope and label him “part of” the problem. He is the last thing mavs fans should complain about
True but i don't think it really matters, their not getting jack shit for Irving. His value has dropped since mid season and even then they only got role players for him. Also have to consider the team trading him has to be willing to give him that 4 year deal he wants, which limits their trade partners even further.
He doesn’t get a pass. This is also his fault. But why would this make Booker Luka’s dad? This has nothing to do with the Suns
Idk it sure seems like Cuban is thirsty for picks. Who knows? One of those picks could be the next Luka
They might not have a choice if Luka asks out.
Generational mega-stars have the resilience to carry their teams. Luka is a star but he's not that. Dude is more interested in arguing with a ref than he is about the grit of getting a win.
Getting Luka means we’re losing at least 3-4 of Joe, the J. Williams’, Chet, Giddey, and 2023 first round pick plus a boat load of picks. Him and SGA are both ball dominant. He’s good enough to attract that price elsewhere ultimately, but gutting the roster for a guy who won’t mesh with Shai(and this team isn’t giving him up 1:1, neither team would want that) doesn’t make sense
Man fuck that lmao
NOBODY is going to do that trade, except possibly Utah. You can’t win with 1 man alone.
He was as chonky this year as he was last year
Exactly this. People love to complain about semantics. By that logic Lebron was also a problem every year he got a chip
I didn’t realize I said Luka was the biggest problem, oh that was you.   I said “part of”. You are the one deciding on how big or small a part be played in it.
What do you expect Mavs fans to say about Luka?  He was perfect, he should be MVP.   I say things  as they are. There were lots of issues with the team this year. From the Front office to everyone that played or coached.  Everyone was part of the problem, including Luka.
Did you read the comment I was replying to at all?
Warriors fan getting weirdly in his feelings about people rightly shitting on Luka for missing the fucking playin lmao
Cuban hates picks. Our GM wanted to draft Giannis and Cuban wanted cap space + Shane Larkin.
Do you see Luka sitting out? Maybe I'm wrong but I don't see him doing that.   Even if he does he is locked down until the 27/28 season so they are in absolutely NO rush to trade him. They could sit and wait until they get an offer that blows them away.
Plus, refs can't give both Luka and SGA 10+ FTAs every game
I’ll say what I said before. Luka is not getting traded at this point. Any team that could even make an offer would be even more of a talent wasteland once he got there than the Mavs are right now.
He didn't seem to have a problem playing with kyrie lol. If okc has the chance to pair Luka with sga...they will do it in a heartbeat and figure the rest out later
That's the problem with trading Luka, it's the same problem with the KD trade. You have to gut your team to get Luka. In fact Luka is that to an even worse level because Luka is younger and is less of a recent serious injury risk.
That’s why he won’t get traded.
lol yep this is the KD-in-the-offseason trade all over again.
I didn’t realize we will be getting the chip this year based on your example.
I think his part is small enough that saying he needs to look in the mirror for the Mavs problems is silly.  That's it.
They literally benched their best players today bc Cuban wants a better pick. Do you think they did this in an effort to beat the Bulls?
OKC should pitch it to Sharktank
He doesn’t have to sit out, he just has to put pressure on Dallas.  The closer they get to Luka’s contract end, the less leverage they have.
Wait but isn’t the KD trade working out just fine?
So  even if  he is a small part of the problem, according to you? He shouldn’t look in the mirror and take ownership of that small part especially considering he is the franchise player.
They did that to increase the chances they don’t lose the pick. They could win out but OKC will be playing a resting Memphis team. If they win then you lose the pick and don’t make the play in. Losing out is the Mavs best chance at being competitive again next year. It’s smart asset management. If OKC didn’t have the tie breaker they would have tried to win.
He could quite literally sit out the entirety of next season and still have three more years left on his contract.
The reason you couldn't just trade picks is because it's Luka Doncic and he would be immediately wanted by practically every team in the league. He's a 24 year old superstar. If your package isn't phenomenal it will just be beat by another organization.
Would that have happened had Kyrie not caused multiple years of headaches which made Nets management just been so over it? I doubt it.   The trade package for Luka will also be even higher than the KD package since he is much younger and doesn't have any recent major injury history
My point is that whether or not he looks in the mirror, his frustration is justified cause the other issues are that legitimate.  I am arguing that his frustration is justified.  Even if acknowledges his faults completely, he is still entirely justified about being frustrated everything else.  I imagine he has and will look in the mirror on what he can improve, I am saying that regardless of that there is plenty of shit beyond his control that he should be frustrated over so it is a dumb thing to highlight
Yeah, they did that for a better pick
KD just did
What in my statement belittled his frustration. He is entitled to it and can be as frustrated as much as he wants.   I responded to a post about Luka, hence my response. When there is a post about the others who are to blame for the horrible season, I will respond about them being part of the reason also.   It’s dumb thing for you to read your own meaning into my post and try to justify it.
Agent 0
Hibachi was scoring 30 ppg, 60 in LA, scoring buzzer beaters from half court way before Curry did it. Was a swiss army knife on offense. He had the highest peak.
It's Gil for basketball, but Wall was a little more beloved by DC
better career?   similar caliber players, but Wall had like 6 of those very good years  Arenas had three   in this prime, give me Arenas  Wall had 0 seasons of league average shooting if i'm not mistaken  Arenas was getting 30 on like 5-7% above league average
This is actually a pretty interesting question. I honestly haven't followed either close enough to feel real confident with it.   But agent zero was something special. He had some boneheaded actions and attitudes that seriously held him back. But there was a time way before Stephen Curry where people were taking half court shots and yelling out "Arenas*. So..... Him. Dude could literally do it all offensively.
Higher peak: Gil, Longer prime: John
Wall was a baaaaaaaaaad man
Hibachi
Agent 0 was a bigger Dame Lillard and can post up too.
John Wall at one time was #1 BLK for guards  I'm taking defense over somewhat better offense  Arenas couldn't defend shit
Arenas playoff series vs the Cavs is STILL one of the best offensive displays i've ever seen. He was like prototype Dame, bombing away from deep. So fun to watch.   Probably would go Wall for the all around play though. He was a much better defender and playmaker
Wall had a crazy good, but in retrospect brief flash of brilliance. I feel like Arenas was crazy good for a longer period of time, so I'll pick him.
Gilbert by a mile.
You're showing your age.
Gilbert Arenas, definitely. There were a few seasons where he was legitimately one of the best players in the league, averaging close to 30 PPG.  He really could have been a hall of famer if he didn’t let the gun incident derail his career.
Arenas had a greater peak. So that answers the question.
I'd give it to J Wall, just because he didn't ruin his own career
I would take Wall, two way player, those passes to the corner 3s were deadly
Paul Wall
Off the nickname, I’ll take Arenas
In today's league, he'd be in contention for the scoring title every year. He'd be like a Bradley Beal type player, but better.
I mean, Wall wasn't an embarrassment. Arenas was, despite his superior talent.  Same reason IT2 is more loved in Boston than Kyrie.
That's actually a very good comparison that has never occurred to me.
You got it switched lol Arenas only had like 3 seasons before his knees gave up
>Same reason IT2 is more loved in Boston than Kyrie.  I'm sorry, which one of those 2 finished 5th in MVP voting that 1 season. Superior talent my ass.
And all 3 Texas teams out. California >>> Texas
Common California W common Texas L
What's crazy is if all four teams from California made it, and you cut California's population evenly among the four, each team would still have double the fans the Minnesota Timberwolves would if their entire state was rooting for them.   California's big y'all
Cali-4-nia
The warriors and kings have never made the playoffs at the same time before.
The whole pacific division too
CA > TX   confirm
Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild west. A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness.
Not if Cam Payne, the Pelicans, and the Twolves have anything to say about it.  /s
We're not making it. We're losing to the fucking Suns bench rn
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN CALIFORNIAN KRAKEN HISTORY
Lol fuck we the laughing stock now, Kings too good.
We won bro. Though your username is very accurate.
Warriors only up 5 to the kings D squad as well
The Warriors are barely beating the Kings Bench if it makes you feel better
How many times have you been hit with that "username checks out"
*winning
Game barely started have some faith lol
Yall need to trade LeMickey and ADisney and just rebuilt
Not really. It’ll be the Kings again after their first round exit. I’m pretty confident they lose to any of Clippers, Warriors, Lakers.   If Pels somehow get there. Kings should win that easy
Yes
are you watching us vs the suns bench?
Man have you watched the Lakers this season? Y’all fuckin blow lol I’m praying we get you instead of one of the good California teams
NBA fans act like bench units getting wins is rare. Let alone losing after a half to an 8th seed is notable to you?
Goofy acting like the Kings aren’t the laughing stock of NBA cali
never happened since the Mavs became a franchise
Never. The Mavs were created in 81 and all 3 have never missed the playoffs all at once, until this season.
https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/12f8xn3/espn_stats_and_info_the_spurs_rockets_and/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=1&utm_term=1
since 1980
What I'm getting from this is that it's Texas OR Northern California but not both
Nets lowkey have been winning without KD/Kyrie for years now.
I like this Nets team.
I mean, there was a reason why Kyrie and KD went there.
And the entire East is locked in now so all of the games on Sunday involving East teams don't mean anything yay.
Nah man I could swear they were complete shit for a lot longer than 3 seasons.
only as 6-8 seeds tho  Which is still impressive but not really an indictment on KD
2012-2015 we made the playoffs 3 years in a row with the Joe Johnson and Deron Williams era. Then it was the ice age after that for 3 years
it helped that the year before they bottomed out they made it as an 8 seed with 38 wins.  but yeah only 3 really 'bad' seasons
Those 3 years felt long to me bro.
It was just 3 consecutive seasons from 2015-2016 through 2017-2018.  2014-2015 wasn't a good team, but still made the playoffs with Deron Williams, Joe Johnson, Bojan Bogdanovic, Thaddeus Young, and Brook Lopez.  2018-2019 was the D'Angelo Russell, Caris LeVert, Joe Harris, Rodions Kurucs, Jarrett Allen, Spencer Dinwiddie, etc. team.
People forget that the Nets won nearly 50 games literally one year before the Pierce/KG trade
Ik Ik it just felt a lot longer
It was a fun era ngl. Woulda gone farther if we didn’t rock with the corpse of Gerald Wallace having a big role. Those were the best of the Brook years
They were starting Reggie Evans at the 4 and I loved it
He was a rebounding machine with no other basketball skills.  Basically like a homeless drug addict's interpretation of a poor man's Dennis Rodman.
Every couple of years, I end up watching highlights from his 20/20 game vs Portland.   Might have been the most unlikely performance in NBA history.
Play-in counting as post-season is now canon
Weren't they in the first round with CP3 like 3 years ago?
Lets gooooooooo black eye of the league. Wooooooo
The play in is not the playoffs so no they technically have not.
Play-In is not the Playoffs
Postseason is top 8
Nah gotta get through the play in..we cant be adding 9/10 seeds and say they made the playoffs. Stick together here.
Not. Yet.
Making the play-ins while mavs actively try not too isn't very impressive
*Embarrassment to the league…*
SuperSonics erasure
all i know is we're playing games after the regular season
Fuck yeah only 1 year of post season drought
Yeah I was about to say, we’re not in yet, we just clenched having a chance 😂
yep. prior to that, OKC has only missed the playoff twice: 2009 and 2015.
Yeah, the thunders longest drought without making the postseason is two years lol
Yeah, only went two seasons without playing in the post-season, not bad. Hoping I’ll be able to say playoffs instead of post-season in a few days!
Play-in is the postseason, which the OP said in his title. They have indeed broken their postseason-less streak.
The play-ins not being considered the playoffs is dumb. Especially since individual player stats in the play-in dont go to their regular season or postseason stats. It makes no sense.  Imagine someone drops a career high of 50 points or something. You'd really have to say everytime that his actual career high was in a play-in game.   If the NBA doesn't consider the play-ins the playoffs just have the stats count as regular season stats. It's just so dumb.
But it is the post-season. Let's GOOOO!
No, "postseason", that is AFTER the regular season includes play-in games.   Play-in is postseason; it is not playoffs, which is also postseason.
He didn’t say playoffs
Play-in is post (regular) season, pre-playoffs.
Yes it is. Postseason includes play-in.
How is that ironic?
raptors fan
Just stop man, how you gonna hate on two Canadians?
The Thunder tanked for the #2 pick last year to rejuvinate the roster. Said pick didn't play 1 second this year. They made it over the Luka-Kyrie Mavs. I think it's quite impressive.
More impressive than your shade.
How’s 15 games over the preseason over-under with the youngest team in the league.
Sounds like *post*-season to me! There will be no further questions on the topic.
Season is 82 games so all games after are post season presumably so the new setup is   post season = playins + playoffs
Two seasons but yeah  I just wanna thank our fallen Thunder legends, Zavier Simpson and Charlie Brown Jr. for bringing us Giddey and Chet
"When will Adam Silver step in"  Narrator: *"He did not step in"*
Not sure it is. I remember when tatum scored 50 in the play-in it didn't count as a postseason 50 point game
It's how I feel about the play in for college. Is it technically the tournament? It's not, but it's still post season play and should count towards it
I think the stats should count towards the regular season. I have a hard time saying that a 10 seed who loses their only play in game should count as having made the playoffs though.
Technically it’s not even a real game. We counting euro league or Olympics post season?
I wouldnt consider it untill they actually get in the playoffs..when they open the play in was enough I dont think we should b giving credit to teams that make it in it..but rather getting out.
I can't let facts get in the way of my OKC hate  edit: Honestly I don't know why I even said that lol shit doesn't make any sense
Fair enough
A team with a top 10 player made 10th seed. Incredible
If you're not making the 10th seed with a top 10 performer on your team you're just a shitshow. So congrats on not being a shit show?
He has spoken!
That wasn't a postseason game at the time. Those games were still a part of the regular season. That was a unique situation.
if the Olympics and EuroLeague was part of the NBA, sure :)
Well we’re absolutely taking the credit lmao. Gimme that Brown participation ribbon.
See you in the finals soon
Wait, why the OKC hate? I can't scroll past this.
Why would a Magic fan hate OKC??
Even with a top 10 player in shai they’re still the youngest team in the NBA. 2 rookie starters for most of the season. Chet didn’t play. Imagine how much worse the Magic would’ve been without Paolo, even if Paolo is noticeably better than Chet the point is that especially early in the season when the 5 was JRE, Chet adds a few wins. The team had no real center until Jaylin came into the rotation and Presti traded for Saric, things that didn’t happen for months
Luka is too 10 as well lmao and kyrie is top 20?
But we DO HAVE a top 10 player lmao. That’s a not unimpressive thing lol.
What are you saying about the blazers and mavs? So mad for what? Haha open up that salt mine already.
Nah pretty sure it's exactly the same now
JDub v Paolo rookie things
Yeah and they suck too. Both these teams are not impressive
Congrats?
They are shitshows. This isn't very complicated
It was not. Those wins actually counted toward the regular season tally  it was meant to even things out since teams did not play the same number of games due to the havoc caused by the pandemic. They were not post season games, but they were play-in. Postseason play-in games did not start until the following season.
Looking it up more now and yeah, Tatum's 50pt (and Lebron's triple-D) don't count for playOFFS. Doesn't say anything about postseason. However, right now NBA doesn't count play-in stats towards playoffs or regular season. They don't have a "postseason" category yet.
If that's why you hate a team, I would not want to know you in real life. They're rookies.
I would like to hear what Stock_Perspective_98 has to say
Yes, they aren’t, and the arrow is pointing straight up for the next couple of years.
Where are you getting your info from? The play in games were never counted as regular season stats.  The bubble games before the play in counted to fulfill the NBAs tv contract obligations.  There are numerous articles on this including a piece in The Athletic and more recently this one:  https://www.sportingnews.com/us/amp/nba/news/nba-play-in-tournament-stats-regular-season-playoff/sptzhkwgwu7hjsto3g9xry60   I’ll concede that calling the play in tournament the post season is a grey area that might be acceptable. It’s a matter of semantics. This article would disagree while Wikipedia itself calls it “the post season tournament”.   Generally the spirit of saying a team has made the postseason would be if they formally enter the playoffs but I won’t die on the hill of a semantic argument.
We'll see. Doubt they're ever anything special. Only real promising player they have outside shai is chet and who knows if he'll be a bust or not
With all disrespect, you’re full of shit if you legitimately think JDub and Giddey aren’t promising at all haha. Not a bad troll job though. Off ya fuck.
You’ve got no clue what the fuck you’re talking about lmao
Good luck with that
if that went in youre fired!!
Oscar nominee
That is fucking WILD, we always hear FO tank, not the players.  This just confirms it lol.
This is after they showed him straight up smirking  https://twitter.com/WorldWideWob/status/1644531783000805377?t=tMRbBxJ12Iwld1CGQnccVw&s=19
[Mark Cuban](https://i.imgflip.com/3xa6c5.png)
Based Bulls cameramen immediately showing Cuban's reaction lol they knew exactly what they were doing
Happiest he has been since the Game 7 victory against the Suns
That's pathetic
Me when I lie
Task failed successfully
Luka gone
Surely these cats deserve a fine for an obvious tank??
A BLACK EYE to the league
That smile is fucking killing me LMAOOO
I wish he'd made it. Mark Cuban deserves to be the 10th seed.
HAHAHAHA
Man. I was a big Mavs fan for all of Dirk. But god damn. RIP Mavs fans.
Cuban wants the chance to luck into Wemby that's why he was smiling
Sweet taste of defeat
Luka needs to sue Max Cuban for malpractice
Luka you are a WIZARD
Kyrie is there like, yea i'm gonna go on my PS5 to play GTA and leave Dallas
When you have to hide your face because you're crying tears of joy
Silver, waive the protection. He's doing it right in front of your face.
fucking pathetic
“For those reasons, IM OUT”
That makes no sense. He should be happy that they lost?
Dwight Powell era will be forever remembered
2023 Mavs = 2021 Padres
Hahaha all mavs fans reacted this way.
cuban was probably the guy that ordered the tank too. fandom sure is something
Someone needs to deepfake him looking up and crying from maniacal laughter
Marxist Cuban = basketball terrorist
Then, they land the #1 pick lol
this feels like one of the few times in his tenure that what he wanted actually happened.
As someone who bet a good chunk on OKC to make the play in 6 weeks ago, this all feels dirty. But I’ll take it!
Thought it was the other guy with his hand in his pocket lol
Lol this guy
Little More jet black hair dye oughta solve this
Sam Hinkie was blacklisted for less.
Tank General.
This is a good moment to remind ourselves that Luka was the pre-season (and first couple months) favorite to win MVP   Now they’re avoiding the play-in on purpose, celebrating the 11th place.   And lots of fans seem glad about it
Just a reminder the nba removed hinkie. Fuck all of them.
Very serious team
Lmao Kyrie’s trying not to laugh, he knows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr3HwA9B0o4
Look, he's so overcome with joy. Probably already thinking about what to gift Kidd after another wildly successful season.
They got lucky with Dirk
That fucking smirk at the end.  HE KNEW LMAOOOO
Surpassing his performance as the US President in Sharknado 3.
"In another life I would’ve liked just doing laundry and taxes with you" - Marc Cuban when Luka submits that trade request
The last week in Dallas has made [abundantly clear](https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/36105747/kyrie-irving-5-ruled-mavericks-change-course) that the biggest Dum Fuq there is NOT Jason Kidd, hard as that may be to believe, but the man signing his paychecks.
We should just have “the GM/owner cam” from now on, during games when their respective teams are tanking to see their look throughout important tanking games.
Why does this indicate Pinson was tanking?
I mean, it's always been the obvious truth
[https://media.tenor.com/TY8ysOD2GWwAAAAd/crying-crying-meme.gif](https://media.tenor.com/TY8ysOD2GWwAAAAd/crying-crying-meme.gif)
Inshallah he will sell the mavs and own a team in China soon
Luka saw this and thought fuck the post game interview
“You know what? I’ll say it.    We knew it was Warriors ball the whole time”  *points to head*
Am I OOTL? Sure seems like Cubes is playing with fire here. A very hot and volatile fire
Ok 👍
Forfeited pick hopefully
"The Tank Commander!"  • Good one OP, that’s sticking
If the Mavs get Wemby because of this there will be riots in the streets across the country
Sure 👍
if they won tonight and tomorrow then there was a very high chance they still wouldn’t make the play in anyways because theyd be tied with the thunder and they have the dealbreaker. and they wouldn’t get the top 10 pick.   now they get the top 10 pick.
He knew there was gonna be cameras on him
They fucked themselves over by not extending Brunson for 4y/55M when they had the chance
How did kyrie give up on dallas? Why do yall just make shit up about dude?
I dislike Kyrie a lot but the dude did not give up on Dallas lol  He was the least of their issues if he even was one really. At least from the outside looking in.
"What the fffuck are you doing?"  -Cuban when he sees Kyrie randomly dancing his ass out of Dallas
It doesn’t indicate that pinson is tanking. It means that when you want your team to lose you have pinson taking the game tying shot
Cheerleaders shouldn’t be taking game winners
Yeah but it's been more backstage, we've never seen it in action on national TV lol.
"get ready to learn chinese buddy"
This should be it.
Still not guaranteed they get the top 10 pick. 20% chance they get jumped if it stays how it is right now.
Unless someone jumps em. LOL  Crazy things have happened
Never heard anyone call it the dealbreaker before lol
I feel like as a coach you just realize the season is over, so you let the guys do whatever on offense (to an extent)
fair, still better than a 0% chance tho
There's been multiple sources that have confirmed this. You can probably google it. Jalen said on JJ Redick's podcast that he wanted to remain a Mav and was willing to sign an extension. He went to the Mavs FO twice and nothing but crickets. Rick Brunson said they were willing to sign an extension worth of 4Y/56M. Multiple sources have also reported the same
I honestly wouldn’t blame you. If I was a season ticket holder I would turn those in and just get those package deals where you get to choose what games you want to attend.
They pretty much shortened the season but put the cost on the consumers instead of the league and players taking a paycut. No one plays all 82 games
Had pels season tickets for years, price keeps going up team never put it together. Then ad wanted to leave.  Felt like heaven when we got Zion only for dude to never play and us still he mid. Ticket prices keep going up.   Cancelled last year and never felt better. I am totally happy to go to 10-15 games I want to go to a year without committing to season tickets when teams would regularly rest their stars against us the one time they came to play per year, of course on top of bi and Zion never playing the majority of the season.  Yeah it’s a huge problem!
I will always upvote a rant post just on merit
The NBA product as a whole has taken a steep dive the past 4 or 5 years. Lopsided talent distribution, load management and horrendous officiating is turning away fans and making former players resent the current state of the league.
Ya!
I understand where you're coming from for most of the season, but why would teams risk their best players when it legitimately doesn't matter whether they win or lose.
Ok
It would have been cool to add something in the CBA about partial refunds for these tanking games. Add a disincentive for teams to purposely screw up the competitive balance at the end of the season somehow.
Sir this is a Wendy’s
Dear diary...
I’m sure they’re quaking in their boots
Ok
Ok
Everyone get in here we have a Rammus ok thread...    Ok
Noone cares. Just do it
Solution: change teams
Cancelling season tickets for this season?? Isnt it a lil late
FINALLY... IM SO HAPPY!!
Ok
Wah wah wah!
So, what's the +/-?  If the team you bought season tickets for is over .500, should you pay twice as much per ticket for every game over .500?   How much more do you think you should be paying for season tickets? If that number is more than you can afford after the first few games, then you should lose your season tickets, and any deposit/pre-pay you put down right?
Half the games?
Stop crying
There are only 17 games in the nfl and a bunch of teams aren’t playing their starters in the last game either because they can’t change anything
Sounds good bro
I can’t believe they didn’t do anything about back to backs in the CBA. That’s the biggest cause of rest in my eyes.   Even if they could have just limited them to single digits it’d be an improvement
Buy high, sell low. Its the reddit way.
The people want to know what team you’re watching??
As a value proposition, only buying the big regular season games + playoffs. Seems like a better way to go than season tickets. There are only a handful of regular season games that are worth the money.
Or just sell the tickets for the last four games. This isn't some new phenomenon.
unless you're Mikal Bridges or R.J. Barrett.
Here’s how you know he’s right. You never see NBA stars in a Wendy’s.
Judging by all the calls and emails i’m getting to renew at least my rep is…
Ok
Not if they have a chance to make the playoffs.
Star players randomly sit out games all the time tho, not just at the end of the year.
Kevon Looney and Jordan Poole as well.
Flair up
The Popovich effect.
I've been watching for 20 years and this is the absolute worst it's ever been. The Spurs got fined 250k when they rested their top guys during the Heat on primitime (2013 or 2014 IIRC). Now it's a tossup on whether most stars will miss a big match up
NOT
1st team defense. Second round pic? Good god what a steal. I hope they and herb are pels for life!
[First Team All Defense](https://youtu.be/CMvQaQ_ooVs?t=5)
Right after a huge 3 too
Play-in kings
Delete this, don’t do my 6MOTY dirty like this
ON
3 and D Herb was my dream going into this season.   Shooting 51/45/80 since the ASB (61%TS) with a 3:1 Assist/turnover ration and great D.
I’ll take it over being bottom tier trash like we have been for a while
HERB
As Mark Cuban has been saying on Shark Tank:     Congrats guys
That man can score if nothing else.
I swore this guy was gonna be a first round pick at Iowa State
all due respect i’ve never heard of this man in my life
> I don’t think it’s quite right that this era’s scoreboard would stand at Jokić 3, Giannis 2, Wigginton 0 after the last five seasons.
Trade Giannis and build around Lindell
Didnt know he was from Nova Scotia.
Shoutout to Nova Scotia! 🇨🇦
https://streamable.com/rkue6e
WHO????
Me neither and now I never want to see him again
The goat
The next Jordan
Bro put JJJ in the ice rink
Those weren't shots, those were tank shells
You can’t be serious
[Bro said 😭](https://media.tenor.com/Fys6udnqaF4AAAAC/carlton-fresh-prince.gif)
Those shots were from both of our 2- way players
Hahahahahahahahahahaa
Jobs not finished. Gotta tank even harder on Sunday, San Antonio gonna bring it
Damn. Almost made it, but it should not be today. Bummed, but what you gonna do.  Better luck next time.
Look what Steph Curry has done to the game
2011 Dirk saved Cuban’s career
The tank is strong.
Lmao.  This is amazing
Hahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
That’s called the "Tank Out of Bounds Air Ball Alley Oop off the Backboard" play 😅
Didn't look much worse than the Luka ISO plays from Kidd in the clutch.
Clown team. Clown season. Clown final play.
Adam Silver might honestly be in the running for one of the worst professional sport commissioners in modern world-history.
Tanking
Poetic
*Chefs kiss* play
This is real. This is me.
This finish had me rolling.
Wide for Wemby
I ficking love it
From a massive upset to make the WCFs…to now officially out, and off to tank some more!  How much one can change in a year…
Can we get a Mark Cuban reaction shot to this?
Can someone put that dramatic NBA piano music from those cool ads a few years ago?  I will Venmo you $15
beautiful
Shouldn’t they be fined for blatant tanking?
The shelling that backboard took was incredible, truly a modern engineering marvel and a testament to the strength and resiliency of the mavericks. Future civilizations will look back at it and recall the harrowing history of the 2023 Tanking Wars
Carlton was annoying in that episode.
Everybody get in here!!!
The bad man can't hurt you anymore
I saw someone describe it as a "tough to lose game"
Mavs have nothing to worry about. Wolves are 100% losing to the Spurs tomorrow.
spurs have already clinched a last-3 finish, and rockets' depend on themselves to secure the second to last position. I wouldn't bet on the spurs going all-out on it tbh
Oof idk baseball looks so bad. The runner starting on second on extra innings and the commissioner literally saying its just game why mad when the Astros were proven cheaters are so bad.
[Here's Mark](https://images2.minutemediacdn.com/image/fetch/c_fill,g_auto,f_auto,h_275,w_510/https%3A%2F%2Ffansided.com%2Ffiles%2F2014%2F04%2FMarkCubanFistPumpsNightmareFace.gif)
Great Statistical Season for Luka!  Horrible Shameful Ending for the Mavericks!
I’m just happy this man gets a full off-season (Well until he plays for Slovenia in August)
Speaking as a Laker and Lebron fan, Mavs/Luka fans be prepared for the most insufferable hot takes this offseason.
Gonna be a lot of hot takes and geniuses talking about Luka this offseason but he's still that dude
One of the highest scorers ever to miss the playoffs. Amazing
jason kidd has to go man
Marc Cuban really fucked his team up
It's even worse, missed the play in.
TLDR for this thread  People deciding the entire career of a guy who just turned 24
Just to get this out of the way, prime Harden carried worse rosters to the playoffs. But ppl will still take Luka over him  I guess.
Lebron comparisons btw
He is the next Harden, not the next LeBron. Glad those comps are over now. 24 year old LeBron was an automatic one man contender.
Fuck you kyrie
Get ready for the perennial “he isn’t that guy” hot takes this summer.
In before Luka eventually leads a roster deep into a play offs and the circle jerk begins anew. Guy is legit AF you never know.
Bro carried as hard as he could but couldn’t overcome Marxist Cuban 😔
Earlier in the season when he was putting up huge numbers you could just see that he was gonna get burned out, he has to do far too much for this team to win! I really hope people don’t run with the narrative that his at fault for his team not qualifying but knowing how stupid some nephews are I can almost guarantee it.
People really thought he was gonna have a 2019 Harden season
Empty stats
Average carb lover
[Limp Dick 77 bows to the King Dong](https://imgur.com/a/gIXff4l)
Shouldn't be first team.
Ball hogger
Empty stats
He at least reached the games played eligibility for MVP  Good practice for next year
My GOAT can’t wait to see what the mavs do next season
doesn't deserve all nba after that nonsense
Fluka is a fraud😭
Statpadder unfortunately.
He shouldn’t even sniff All NBA after missing the play in
 Jayson Tatum better btw
He better be hitting the gym pronto
But how was his transition defense?
Respectfully if any other star player did this they would get called a statpadder. We've had dudes average crazy numbers, make the playoffs, and STILL get called stat padders. soooo
Empty stats
Empty stats coach killing stat padder.
Keep his ass off all of the NBA teams. Go the fuck home. Empty stats and everyone knows it. A “great” player would NEVER not at LEAST lead his team into the playoffs.   Go the fuck home and we’ll see you in October where you’ll do it all over again. Post the fancy stats, make house of highlights and ESPN, have the analysts talking about you, meanwhile you’re doing jack shit.
HE NEEDS HELP!!  *As he plays with kyrie, widely considered a top 10 player.  Tra3 > Donkey boy
Dude needs to lose weight and work on his shot. That FT% is criminal. Summer of hard work, not a summer of smoking, drinking, and pork.
Stat padder, image thinking Pillsbury Doughboy is as good as LeBron 😂
Bradley Beal-Esque season. Young boul going places
I stand by my take that without Luka and I guess Kyrie now the Mavericks would be objectively worse than the Rockets and Hornets and at the same level of terrible as the Pistons
Empty stats
165% usage rate
ESPN found their talking point for the next few months
Its weird how people give harden a lot of shit about looking thick at the start of the season. Luka looks straight up fat at the start of every season so far. He really needs to condition himself, hes low 60 games in the regular season and hes so young.
Does anyone really think James Harden would have made the playoffs with this Mavs roster where the problems were: lack of defense, lack of size 3-5, horrible rebounding? The Harden comparisons in general confuse me because Luka has been a remarkably good playoff performer while Harden is notoriously trash in big playoff games.  Luka had an otherworldly first few months of the season and then tailed off significantly, battling injuries and fatigue while also showing terrible body language and looking pissed constantly just screaming at refs 24/7. Clearly needs time off. He's always complained to the refs but never to this degree, guy was just flat out unhappy for the last few months.  I trust he'll come back better than ever once he finally gets an extended break. Also, the guy did literally just take down a 1 seed on the road in a game 7 with 27 first half points less than a year ago lol. He had 46 points in the game 7 he lost to the Clippers the year prior.  Recency bias is alluring, doubt him if you wish.
All the Mavs fans who came to the Suns thread because the Suns lost a playoff series probably self yeeting right now.
Its hilarious because people falsely believe this guy is clutch. I think man has bricked atleast 6-8 game-winning or game tying shots this year. If he makes half of those, the Mavericks are out of the play-in.  People will spam the Knicks FT miss but dont let it fool you, dude was allergic to making a basket in the clutch.
Empty calories. And I ain’t talking about his diet (that’s full calories)
#THIS JUST IN BASKETBALL IS A TEAM SPORT
SGA better
You don't put any of this on Luka.
For how highly people rate Luka as a legitimate superstar and (arguably) top five player in the league, it’s shocking that his team couldn’t even be top ten in their conference. How many generational talents like him have struggled to even get their team to the playoffs?
Jesus these comments have absolutely no idea about the nba or ball
I'm not trying to be a jerk but I remember reading some people who tried to tell me that Luka+bums was a guaranteed playoff berth...
One thing I’ll say is the stats are great but look at the shooting splits, his 3 and ft numbers are not good for a generational guard
First team all NBA?  lol wut
Dame needs help
Let Luka Leave
That’s what happens when you have an owner that doesn’t know that the hell he is doing
He needs to save his energy for his trade demand this summer.
He’s going to get even fatter
He gets a full belly every offseason
Is that a good thing for luka?
No need to wait for the off-season. They've already begun
Is it a hot take if they missed the playins? That's horrendous
[clueless](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/10wdrmq/golliver_before_the_kyrie_trade_the_lakers_need/)
60/21/10/2/1 is all I’m saying. Dude’s team is a dumpster but Luka is still him.
D🤺
THEY EVEN LOWERED THE BAR
First time?
Nobody is deciding his career. It’s just he had one of the most disappointing seasons ever for a player who gets compared to numerous all time greats
You're doing your best not to sound salty and I love it. Enjoy the flight to cancun
In case anyone forgot who 12-13 James Harden had on his team here's everyone who averaged at least 20 min  Chandler Parsons (in his 2nd year), Jeremy Lin, Omer Asik, Patrick Patterson (he would never start more games in his career for any team than the rockets), Carlos Delfino (did not actually play for another nba team after this season), Marcus Morris (the rockets traded him for a 2nd round pick)   Rockets finished 45-37
> prime Harden carried worse rosters to the playoffs  The 2016 Rockets had terrible talent but they were exploiting a strategic advantage over the rest of the league.  Also they went .500 flat, it's not like they blew this Mavs team away lol
Bro had guys like Kenneth Faried and James Nunnally as rotation players 😭
What Rockets Roster was worse than a team that would start Dwight Powell and have Frank Ntilikina coming off the bench?
Regular Season Harden >>>Regular season Luka
This. Nothing he's done has shown him to be on the level of prime Harden yet, I'll stand by that.
Show where harden carried a roaster that last in the nba in rebounds and defense ?
Luka has carried his team to the Playoffs before.
Shai carried a worse team than this mavs roster THIS season.
And in the playoffs! wait no
Carried them to the playoffs.  What did he do once there?
That’s cause harden was that dude
It's unfair to Doncic. He's great but not prime Bron. Imagine him I'm this era. But Doncic is also only 24. Players seem to have longer peaks now.
Were always dumb.
This post is an indictment of our front office, not Luka IMO
hes good but people saying hes the next coming of jordan or bron are genuinely insane.  Replace luka with 23 year old bron and the mavs wouldve been the 1 seed in the west
Has Harden ever missed the playoffs?
Harden never missed the playoffs
These Harden comparisons need to stop. Harden in Houston was better individually than Luka is. Harden also has demonstrated the ability to play as a true distributor, offball, and actual have competent defense. Luka is so overrated
Tbf, not to take anything away from Lebron, his great and all but during his Cavs stay, the east was a weak conference for the longest time back then and it was an easy conference finals/finals everytime for him.
Lebron has had his fair share of playoff misses. Didnt make them until his third year. Missed them at 34 and 37 too.  There's a good chance Luka would have led Dallas to the playoffs in his first year if they hadnt traded the entire squad mid season and playing a 41 year old Dirk 16 minutes a game. Team was looking good before Dirk came back from injury that year.
They put too many expectations on Luka, they expected him at 24 y/o to match one of if not the best offensive season of all-time.
2019 Harden was a true carry job. CP3 was still hurt and ass, no ariza, a bunch of G league pickups. It was basically Harden Gordon Tucker and Clint capela. Harden made so many G leaguers look like solid a solid 6th man or even starters with his Gravity. Teams were tripple teaming Harden since usually its just Harden and gordon that could generate anything by themselves. It was fun to watch harden drop 40 for a month but that team was unsustainable.
Luka for sure likes to get cucked
Shouldn’t be anyteam in an era where 20 teams make postseason.
What does this mean lmao
SGA would NEVER
He is not ever winning mvp 😂
That's dumb as hell. He had a great individual season on an extremely bad defensive roster. I can maybe understand not First Team, but him missing All-NBA entirely would be egregious
[removed]
Agree
W Gumbo Eater
I don’t wanna say this but Tatum has carried the Celtics to the playoffs with 50 pt play in bomb with washed Kemba and Jabari Parker as his teammates. Also JB was out that szn.
People will read this thread and still say “Why doesn’t Luka get any criticism?”
Without a doubt
Obviously lol
Rent free
Looters in a riot
Seek therapy
I bet you didn’t have this energy when the lakers bottomed out last year and bron still got 3rd team all nba. Or 2019
Weirdo
Lebron James, Kevin Garnett, Damian Lillard, Stephen Curry confirmed not great players
Who tf still thinks Kyrie is a top 10 player?
Intentionally 😂 y’all are delusional fr
Slovenian fat boy jokes are everywhere throughout the season what are talking about
At least he's selling pharmaceuticals cheap.
No teams have the asking, because the Mavs aren’t trading him for anything other than what is unbelievably beyond reason.
The only deal the Mavs would accept for him would be for Nikola Jokic, Anthony Davis, Kevin Durant, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, Steph Curry, and 15 future 1st round picks
He saving his energy for the World Cup.
I thought you were going to say for the defensive end.  No, no I didn’t think that.
Comes back full Zion. Going to have to get Brendan Frasier to play him in the docuseries
I’m talking hot takes like debating if Luka is even a top 10 player in the league or should the Mavs trade him.  Obviously some things are objectively true, like the team /Luka being horrendous defensively.
How many legit superstars like him struggle to even get their team to the playoffs though? It definitely is notable.
Oh shit he put up big numbers in an OT game in the stat inflation era?? Shit man he must be all time great and able to drag his team to the playoffs like all the other all time greats right?
He individually did not have a disappointing season.
I'll be the first to admit Luka needs to play better defense, complain less, get in better shape and all that but for fuck sake look at his team outside of Kyrie
No, the Mavs had a disappointing season. Luka averaged 32/8/8 with G-Leaguers and 1/3 of a season’s worth of Kyrie
He did better than last year's regular season. Team was worse.
Trying to not sound salty?  Why the fuck would I NOT be salty that this dogshit franchise is wasting a generational talent?
you, in contrast, cannot hide your saltiness over last year playoffs. Enjoy never winning a title <3
>Kenneth Faried and James Nunnally as rotation players   Nunnally played 38 total minutes the whole season, and Faried only played 25 games.  Harden's supporting cast that year was CP3, Capela, PJ Tucker and Eric Gordon. All those guys are still getting minutes for playoff teams in 2023 - 3 if them are starters (Gordon is currently starting for injured PG-13, and Tucker is a normal starter who's currently injured).
29 year old Kenneth Faried would start for us and help our rebounding a fair bit
Not the OP but 2013 Rockets had starting line up of Parsons, Omer Asik, Francisco Garcia, and rookie Patrick Beverly.   2016 Rockets had a washed Dwight (not even close to all star level), Josh smith, Michael Beasley, Corey Brewer, Jason Terry getting heavy playoff minutes lol.   Those teams weren't great by any means either. Not saying better or worse but Harden made those guys look lot better than they actually were.  Edit: Luka is also like 24, lets not kill him for carrying a team yet. He will soon.
Just look at them lol, I don’t give a shit enough about the rockets or mavs to find it for u lol. All I know is that those years Harden didn’t play with another all star.
And that's okay. He isn't prime Luka yet. He's still only 24
Huge reason they’re last in defense is because Luka sucks on D more than your ex on prom night
That’s still better than not even making the play in!!
Agreed
I’m not saying a Lebron-led Mavs team this season would have missed the playoffs, but you’re delusional if you think 23yo Lebron could carry that team to a 1 seed. Absolutely not.
LMAO no roster with Dwight Powell as the starting center is a 1 seed in any year that isn't in the 50s
Peak MJ, peak LeBron, and a couple of others players in NBA history kind of easily get this team to the playoffs. But they're not elevating this team to the one seed.
Fuck no with this roster. 23 year old Bron probably improves the team by 5-8 wins though and we'd ve a comfortable playoff team
They get the team into the playoffs but no one is getting them to the 1 seed stop the cap
Stahp
This is one of the dumbest comments I’ve ever seen on the internet
He has not.   https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/h/hardeja01.html
In this dogshit Western Conference even the current ghost of Harden would have given the Mavs a top 3 seed this year
He took the eventual champions to 7 games while having absolutely 0 help
What’s your point exactly?
Harden at 24 was a generationally terrible defender and absolutely was not doing a fucking thing off ball. Be serious
Real hoopers know
And now begins the antijerk
Empty stat All-NBA 1st Team that's for sure
Mavs Guy
Being compared to Jayson Tatum shouldnt even be considered criticism
It took him missing the playoffs for him to get this criticism. Other young player gets criticized at every turn.  U can't seriously think that Luka gets criticized fairly compared to guys like Ja, Booker, Tatum, Trae, etc.
Someone who thinks Trae is better than Luka lol
Would probably take 3 young players and every single draft pick a team has to get the mavs to trade him.
Then we get to see a fucking Nike exec use 7 FRPs, can't wait. Just resign Javale for a 3 year max deal while we're at it
I AM WHALE  Starring : Luka Doncic as himself
Yeah if the greatest/second greatest player of all time has those takes about them, while Luka won't after this season, I never, ever, ever want to hear that he's not this subs golden boy ever again. You even see it in threads where he objectively does terrible, the most upvoted comments are always some joke comment like "He's trash! Trade him to (insert commenters flair here)" rather than actual hate that other players get.
Injuries and dodgy supporting cast ig. LeBron missed the playoffs in 2019/2022 despite stellar impact metrics for similar reasons, and Luka's just had arguably an even better offensive season
Big time Luka hater here but this is a silly statement, he’s made the playoffs every year comfortably for 3 out of his 5 seasons. The team outside of him and Kyrie are not starter-level at all.
There it is
Ironic that you say that but have "Chamberlainsfadeaway" as your username.   "Big numbers in an inflation era full of plumbers and couldn't drag his team to a ring in his prime"
Preseason MVP favorite, coming off a WCF appearance just to miss the play-in
He has an argument for being the worst defender in the league. It’s definitely disappointing for a guy who was getting 🐐comps
Dudes aren’t even close to .500. Nobody’s is asking them to win the title, just don’t be an 11 seed if you’re really that guy
Lol I’d this what you expected from this team pre-season? Because I think most Mavs fans were talking a big game about a top 3 seed, and clearly back then y’all didn’t think the roster was this terrible.
There's the anger we're looking for. It happens to every fan at some point. GL next season
> All I know is that those years Harden didn’t play with another all star.  Dwight Howard was an all-star in 2014 playing with Houston. And the Rockets acquired Chris Paul in 2018.   I’ll concede that out of his 10 year stint with the rockets. Harden probably only got 2 solid years of all-star quality teammates when you factor in Dwight aging rapidly and CP3 getting injured.   But saying he didn’t played with all-stars in Houston isn’t true.  So far Luka has like 20 games playing with another All-Star caliber this year. And KP got injured at like the *worst* possible times when we had him
Harden always had quality players around him.  Parsons, Lin, Dwight, CP3, Ariza, Capela, PJ Tucker.  Luka's best teammates have been KP who was perpetually hurt and Jalen Brunson who didn't blossom until his last season with us and they got to the WCF together.  This revisionist history is such a joke.
Really funny joke!
They 100% be in the playoffs and probably a high seed. LeBron @23 and kyrie sounds lethal. He would the wing this team needs so bad
Lebron was all-defense by now
Lmao that is the stupidest thing I've ever heard
James Harden would not carry a team starting Dwight Powell at C. He had Clint Capela. He also had dogs like PJ, Ariza and Gordon. The current Dallas Mavs suck ass big time.
Peak harden yes. Current harden, fuck no
0 help is a fucking asinine thing to say. I swear you must have never watched a basketball game to say this. Those Rockets teams were built specifically for Harden, with every role player covering his flaws.
Lol, yes a roster perfectly constructed around him over the span of 6 years was "absolutely 0 help"
He made the finals in a weak conference, got exposed by Pop who made him shoot. Lebron didn't come back with a good jumper so teams could Pop him. He still had huge flaws.
Harden’s defense takes were so casual back then. He 100% took plays off and had some bad lowlights but that’s what they were. Lowlights. He actually was a solid defender but you wouldn’t know if you just listened to the media.
> Harden at 24 was a generationally terrible defender and absolutely was not doing a fucking thing off ball.  And does this not also fit current Luka? (FWIW I think your take about "generationally bad defender" is laughable hyperbole. He was bad, but nowhere near that bad.)
Enlighten the non hoopers then
He will simply never be that guy
Where were all these takes when Portland packed it in for the year a week ago? Is Dame ass also?
Mavs wouldn’t trade Luka for the entire Philly roster lmao
Also maybe I misinterpreted op’s comment but I read it as sarcasm
He’s been regarded as better than those players because he’s had a better start to his career, besides Tatum. Like I’m sorry Booker was winning 19 games as the only star of his team and people are losing their fucking minds over the Mavs winning 38
Lmao one of the top comments on this thread is someone mocking the idea of Tatum being better than him before literally anybody brought him up
If this was Trae it'd have 1000 upvotes by now as people talk shit about him.
You can’t seriously think those guys were playing as impressive as Luka the seasons prior either.
Fairly? Maybe not in terms of percentages of discourse.  But with the sheer amount of media attention Luka gets consistently Im sure the total amount of critical threads directed at Luka are comparable to other young stars.   With a fan base as large as his it probably means he has a pretty substantial amount of detractors from other fanbases. It’s only natural given how competitive the league is right now.
Both J-Wills, Giddey, Joe and however many picks for Luka?
the guy this subs blames for loses when he scored 30 on great efficiency is the golden boy, sure!
Why cant he drag his team to the playoffs like other all-time greats? I dont care about his individual stats or accolades. I just wanna know why he’s not able to carry a team the way players have who he’s been compared to.  Guy’s a fat baby who doesn’t care about taking care of his body at all.
Chamberlain snapped the Celtics streak of 11 straight finals appearances and beat the Rick Barry & Nate Thurmond Warriors for the championship in ‘67, then he won another championship in ‘72 for the Lakers
They legit have one of the worst rosters in the league outside of their top 2. Like they might actually have the worst depth in the league
Was still a top 3 mvp candidate in all star break and had the 5th seed.   Then Cuban made the trade.
He doesn’t even have an argument for worst defender on the Mavs jfc… no he’s not elite but his defense is nowhere near as bad as people claim it is
Dwight fucking Powell is our center
Did it happen to you after game 7?
Bro said Jeremy Lin and Parsons 😭.
I agree they would be in the playoffs. Lebron willed some god awful rosters into the playoffs in his career. I just don’t think OP understand how good a team needs to be to earn the #1 seed in any conference.
He could've been the greatest defender ever and still would've been in the play-ins. Kidd would find a way.
2018 Harden would have the Mavs with Kyrie as the 1 seed in the West  Edit: I am in genuine disbelief that this is getting downvoted, have we seriously forgotten how good prime James Harden was??? It’s been like 5 years guys this dude was a one-man offense like we’ve never seen before, give him Kyrie and he’s cooking .
Peak James Harden would absolutely carry that team, Luka is still young and hasn't reached his peak yet imo
I'm talking about LeBron. The guy deleted his comment
And Suns will never win a ring and you will continue to live in that shit hole known as Arizona.
Yea I took it the other way, maybe the /s tag is actually needed lol
Book was winning 19 games w some of the worst rosters ever and was called empty stats for years. Took a finals trip and KD and CP3 wanting to play with him for media to finally realize he might actually be really good at basketball. Luka just missed not just the playoffs but the playin with a top 75 nba player all time. Layers to this
If Zion was healthy and this happened to the Pelicans then everybody would pile on Zion for being out of shape or some bullshit. Every young player has had to deal with criticism, yet Luka gets treated with kid gloves.  Hell even in this thread the top comments are about how Luka is no longer on the LeBron path but on the Harden path instead.   And there are people saying that he's getting criticized fairly.   Saying "Oh man I guess Luka may not be as good as LeBron, he's only as good as this other MVP player who'll go down as one of the greatest offensive players in league history" is not fair criticism. It's gotta be the softest shit I've ever heard about an *alleged* top 3 player in the league.  Harden has never missed the playoffs, and his career is largely before the play in tournament too meaning he's never been below the 8th seed. The disrespect for Harden is crazy.
sub Chet for Joe and maybe
Well I mean he made the western conference finals   last year at 23 so he has carried a playoff team haha. Look luka should have better discipline and not whine so much to the refs, but he’s still an amazing player.
He has done that 3 times already. Some years it just doesn’t work out. Plus they were doing fine just before the trade that destroyed the little defense they had.
Being an all time great by yourself isn't enough to drag a team to the players all alone. There are examples of that like Kobe
Kobe.
If Luka gets traded and has to work for someone that wants to win a championship rather than proving he won a trade 5 years ago he will be exposed…
a guy like LeBron would never miss the playoffs Clueless
Nine years after he was drafted.  Luka is 24, yet   Wilt was criticized in the playoffs for his play "In Game 7s, Russell holds a 10-0 record while Wilt has a 4-5 record. When it comes to elimination games, Russell is at 16-2 and Chamberlain comes in at 10-11."  Still ironic your take on 24 year old Luka but have your username as such.
The team had like a +14 net rating with Kyrie on Luka off. Did you see how out of shape Luka was by the end of the season?
He’s definitely the worst defender on the Mavs. The guy has a beer belly & cinderblocks for feet
So what? Other stars have dragged shit just as bad to the playoffs
Hell ya the bowl of wings lost all taste by the end of first quarter. Shit sucked had to turn the tv off
Sorry, I know most of this sub started watching basketball 2-3 years ago so I shouldn't expect them to know players who were good back in the day.
Parsons was a great role player before injuries. Jeremy Lin was a serviceable backup.
Out of all the actual quality players somehow they listed those two first. Like they were trying to sabotage their argument.
I don't think you understand just how bad those Cavs rosters were back during LeBron's first stint in Cleveland, he definitely would've gotten these Mavs in the playoffs
Cap. He wouldn't be the one seed but he would certainly be a top 6 seed.
Y’all have no fucking idea how good early Lebron was do you
Harden and Kyrie went 13-3 or something ridiculous, they complement each other well.
One man offense Harden a defensive anchor in Clint Capela. Y’all are so stupid just searching for confirmation bias on players you hate.  No “offensive carrying” type player can ever do shit without a Center. Every garbage center that you will try to bring up were at least good rebounders. Powell cannot rim protector or rebound.   They also did not have Jason Kidd as the coach.
No he wouldn’t. No one way player was doing shit with the post-Kyrie trade roster. Lebron could carry this team because he make up for the lack of rim protection/wing defense/rebounding that made this team lose.
You live in dallas Texas. I can’t think of a bigger glass house
So I’m sure you’re downvoting all the people saying Luka is “empty stats” in this thread, right?
Obviously he’s an amazing player. He just cant do what the all time greats did, and that’s probably because he isnt all time great, and that’s probably because he’s too fat and doesn’t actually care
His teams were good when he made the playoffs, and he wanted the Kyrie the trade. He cant carry a shit team to the playoffs the way other all time greats can/did.
What about Kobe?
Davis Bertans is on the Mavs, Tim Hardaway Jr. is on the Mavs, Dwight Powell is on the Mavs, Christian Wood is on the Mavs… none of those guys are better defenders than Luka. Again, not saying he’s good defensively. But definitely not worst on the Mavs.   And if you’ve seen Luka play on offense and think he has cinder blocks for feet then my guy, you’re an idiot. The only thing in your comment that’s true is your fat joke, which really just makes you a dick.
The league has never been this talented and the Mavs roster is flawed and fucking mid. Luka is propping their offense up almost single-handedly, you’d have to be MJ/Bron to do more to carry this team to the playoffs. They literally cannot stop a sentence defensively
Outside of GOAT level players in their prime, they absolutely have not
Didn't Dame just finish worse than the Mavs while having a career year individually?
Jeremy Lin was good for the Knicks bruh, u don’t clearly know. Lin wasn’t that good for the Rockets. Parsons and THJ are the same thing of being honest.
Compared to Luka who had THJ, KP, and Brunson with Dinwiddie (better than Lin) and now playing with KyrieZ
> Just look at them lol, I don’t give a shit enough about the rockets or mavs to find it for u lol. All I know is that those years Harden didn’t play with another all star.  Mentioning a "serviceable backup" is pretty pointless tho.
I also don't think you understand how much tougher this western conference is compared to that East
I don't think you understand how bad this roster is. The way Kidd uses it, we genuinely have the worst paint presence in the modern era including the Bobcats.
LeBron>Luka, but these other Mavs are worse than  those other Cavs.   Those other Cavs at least played defense and rebounded. Larry Hughes or Eric Snow would be the best defender on this Mavs team. Post-prime Donyell Marshall would be the best big on this Mavs team.
Those Cavs rosters were good on defense. That's a good enough roster for a generational offensive talent to succeed with.  But what about a talent devoid of secondary playmaking, defense, AND rebounding ala Dallas Mavericks 2022-2023? A generational offensive talent can't succeed if the team can't defend.
Also helped that the east he was in was objectively the weakest conference ever
I was there. This team sucks so bad.
He was good but he's not getting this trash Mavs roster to the 1 seed.  It's way easier to win with a good defense and 1 guy carrying the offense, than trying to hide 4 defenders at once with Josh Green trying to cover for all of them.  Even the SSOL Suns and Nellie Mavs didn't play 4 bad defenders at once, despite all their offensive firepower.
You haven't seen Harden turn a G-league squad into a passable starting unit. When he went nuclear back in 2019 he was missing 3 Starters and his offense was so potent they just put G-league and 10-day contract guys in the corners to play defense while he cooked his defender on an island for 40-50 pts every night.  He wasn't winning a playoff series with that kind of team playing that way, but he could drag them to the 6th seed at least.
They are empty stats tho. His style of play won’t translate to winning basketball. Lebron is the only guy who can have such a heliocentric style of play and win a chip with it.
I will say writing off a player with Lukas talent and pedigree at the age of 24 is certainly a bold opinion. I guess you would have said the same about Jordan in his first 5 or so years. To be clear, I’m not comparing the talent of luka to Jordan, just pointing out that Jordan did not have playoff success till later in his career, and that saying such absolute judgements on players career is odd when the career has just started.
There’s no evidence that he forced their hand in the trade it’s more likely that the front office panicked. Does he bear culpability in this? Yes. But this isn’t all on him.  Also if your standards of “carrying a bad term to the Playoffs” are 06 & 07 Kobe or LeBron, we might be setting the standards too high.
He's an all time great who couldn't drag his team to the playoffs either
He’s definitely the worst defender on the team, probably bottom 5 defender in the whole league.
I mean no one doubts that Luka can carry a bunch of limited guys to an above average offense but I think it's pretty clear he's not much of a ceiling raiser at this point in his career
The west hasnt been this weak in a few decades. 2010s west was just absurd, the west the last 3 years has been worse than the east. He really should have made the playoffs this year.
I’ve seen Mavs flairs saying Luka is on that level. They were much louder last season though
Luka was getting Lebron James comparisons, not Dame Lillard
Lmfao parsons and thj have way different games. Not the same player at all
The cavs still went under .500 in that conference lol
Lebron won a playoff series with those Cavs while being coached by Paul Silas, who currently owns the record for worst winning percentage in NBA history for a single season.
Well it'd probably help if your generational offensive talent actually tried on defense instead of battling with the refs like he's headlining Smack URL. dude is the leader of the team, that type of shit rubs off on the bench.
Almost every team ahead of the Mavs in the west had significant injuries to their best players
See this is what happens when you try to reason with a Suns fan
Lol, his style of play whooped your number 1 seed 60+ win team last year.  But you're right, that kind of winning doesn't count.
If he actually cared and wasn’t eating himself out of the league then I wouldn’t be writing him off. As of now, no chance he becomes all time great
Never said he forced the trade but he obviously wanted it and then complains that their defense is the problem. Also, im not saying he needs to drag a shit team to the finals, but he sure needs to have a top 10 record in his own conference lol
Kobe made the playoffs every season from 1996-2012 lol what are you talking about?
Aight you’re just trolling now
The West isn’t weak.   It’s just super stacked from 1-6. I can’t think of any team in the top 8 right now where I think they’re getting swept in the playoffs.   Every team has a shot no matter how small.
You're going to hold the Bobcats record against Silas? Come on now. Luka won two playoff series with Kidd, including against a 1 seed.
In a historically weak East.  It was a different era back then.
Whether he's on or off the floor, whether he even plays in the game that night, the Mavs had a defensive rating of 118.   That's awful no matter what. Luka becoming Jrue Holiday as a GUARD defender will do almost nothing for a defense lacking frontcourt talent.
He’a too fat & slow to be effective on defense even if he did try lol
The West has been plagued with injuries ever since the Bubble, that short offseason really fucked over a lot of teams (and it makes Phoenix's failures a lot worse imo)
Great rebuttal
Congrats they won a 7 game playoff series. Didn’t get a ring out of it. That’s all I’m saying. Luka is a good player but the current style of play won’t ever translate to a ring unless he learns to play off the ball and give effort on defense.
2005
Lakers were literally 11th seed on 04-05 lol. I'm assuming Kobe is not an all time great by your metrics then, right?
how does this shit get upvoted? He did not
I dont believe its stacked, the east is stacked. I would think most people think top 3 teams are all the east. I think as it stands right now denver is #4 and I think they are very close to the cavs overall. Next year might be different depending on injuries but I dont think anyone but the suns if KD can stay healthy and the warriors (because warriors) in the west have an actual chance to win this year. I think everyone else will get domianted by the Bucks, celtics and 76ers (if they can stay healthy) but the last 3-4 years the west has been demonstrably worse overall.
Kidd really isn't that bad of a coach, just last year he outcoached the "COTY" Monty Williams in a crucial game 7 and embarrased Phoenix. You should be blaming Mark Cuban and the FO for your failures this season, letting Brunson, Dinwiddie and DFS go was a huge mistake.
1 is still more than 0
This isn’t debate team
It's a dumpster fire over there. Dunno wtf is going on
I could see doing this if you're the Wizards, but trying to miss the playoffs on purpose with Luka and Kyrie on your roster is absolutely pathetic
Having random ass protections on picks ruined it. If it was lottery protected this wouldn't have been a thing
The purpose of the play-in is NOT to disincentivize tanking, but rather to minimize the length of time that teams spend tanking.   Teams will always tank as long as there is a lottery.
This is a scenario that shouldn't happen a lot.   Dallas pick is top 10 protected and they currently have the 10th worst record and were playing the 11th worst record.
Adam silver gotta do sum or he mad pussy
Picks aren’t just for stars. Most of the time you draft for quality role players. Mavs can fs get a good piece with a top 10 pick
It would be one thing if they were just doing this to go from 11 to 10 with their pick. But going from no pick to a lotto pick is huge.
They probably wouldn't have made it anyway. OKC would have had to lose against Memphis and theres no reason for Memphis to try in that game since they've locked up the 2nd seed
> All this for a 10th pick that most likely will be a bust?   You realize they can trade the pick to actually help the team be good, right?
Mavs are going to the play-outs
i for one am a huge fan of the dumpster fire Mavs
10th seed and losing your pick is not a better situation than having the 10th pick which is a much needed asset for Dallas. Getting mad at a team prioritizing asset management this late in the year is one of the dumbest takes I’ve seen in a while.
They literally only tanked one game and they suck anyway.   Play in is working quite well.
Probably would’ve went for it if they didn’t owe pick to knicks
Why are some people acting like we are the 1st and only team to ever do this lol
What if the Mavs get Wembanyama tho?
Who cares... Preferred the old style of 7 and 8 get in, not 9 and 10.  Now we got the top seeds throwing games to pick their matchups - instead of the lower seeds, who no one wanted to watch anyway, the higher seeds are doing it.
This whole post is stupid. Some of y’all fall in love with mediocrity and it’s concerning.   Making the playoffs to get dicked in round 1 instead of keeping your TOP 10 pick which is now your best asset would’ve been beyond stupid.   >All this for a 10th pick that most likely will be a bust?   Likely a bust based off what?
Are you a Knicks fan?
Silver gotta take the pick fr. They were right there for the playoffs. Pathetic franchise
They did not have control over their destiny anymore.
Would you rather have the tenth seed or the tenth best lottery odds
The entire league outside of OKC is resting players to end the season. Chill tf out.
>Cuban used to be known as one of the better owners in the league  Cap.  Also good, the play-in is dumb.
the play-in thing has no purpose
I think it has more to do with the fact that the difference between 10th and 11th determines if they keep their pick or not. If there was no protections or they just straight up had their pick I don’t think we see the tomfoolery
No one's concerned about teams giving up with 2 games left in the season.
Could mavs be less like able?
There is too much pride by the Mavs here. They aint making noise in the playoffs if they made it. Its a very quick 4-5 game series against Denver
You have no idea what you're talking about. All Mavs fans are on board
Nba needs to stop rewarding losing
RELEGATION
Hey now Gradey Dick ain’t just a shooter
Last minute tanking
The real reason is because Cuban/the GM knows that most likely they are keeping only one of Luka or Kyrie next season. Even if they were to make the playoffs the probability of Kyrie staying is low given the loss record and the probability of Luka asking out would be greater than zero. They also have a fucked up roster. If they want to have any decent flexibility they need to get that pick.
What can the Mavs get for the 10th pick and Bertans.  Fire up the trade machine.
They know how it plays out. They are eliminated.
Low key don’t like the play ins
>The whole purpose of the play-in is to disincentivize tanking  No it's not, the purpose is to make money from extra games. Same as the "first four" in the NCAA tourney.
Need the 10th pick for a trade tbqh
>Why not try to make it to the playoffs and see how it plays out?  Because they can sense they don't have it. There's no chemistry, no defense, no faith they can turn this around. Even if they came in as 10th, they don't believe they would beat Wolves/Pelicans/OKC/Lakers for the 8th place.
The Mavericks went to the Western Conference Finals last season losing to the eventual NBA Champion Golden State Warriors.
Kyrie is just cursed lol. Since leaving Cavs, all places he went goes to crazy with or without his involvement
Either way, I enjoy seeing the Mavs as one of the more hated teams in the league currently. Makes me smile
whos laughing when they get wemby tho
This has been one entertaining slow moving train wreck that's finally hitting its last stop. I can't even think of anything thay comes close to this. Usually this stuff happens in the off season all the way up to the trade deadline
For real. It’s one thing to go into the season with a hard rebuild in mind but having 2 generational superstars and opting to not compete is insane.
I think it would be dumb to end up at 11 and give up a top 10 pick in a deep draft that could potentially be used or traded to improve the roster for next year
The season already ended when they lost to CHA back to back. Why you all shocked?
Wouldn’t have mattered because we would’ve gotten killed even if we managed to make it do to not having a defense idk what y’all wanted
Tank 4 Wemby
It’s a stain on the whole league
The west is wide open too. Nuggets have a weak defense, Memphis has a bunch of injuries, Sacramento is unproven. A lower seed could easily make it out of the west.
This is correct
I thought all haters are on this sub
Exactly this, and we could trade it for a quality player as well
Hell a good handful of the top 15 players in the NBA were drafted past the 10th spot. I don't think they'll keep the pick, they'll be trying to trade it for a player, but still. The correct basketball decision was made by the Mavs to end this season.
I think the point is that they went from a potential western conference contender, with a top 5 player in the league, to tanking for a pick within like 6 weeks and after getting Ky. That is the pathetic part. Like, one of the more pathetic narratives I’ve ever witnessed in the NBA honestly.
This. Mavs doesnt have the ball in their hands so why push it.
no one seems to get that and if we owned our pick outright we wouldn't be tanking
Kind of—because it’s encumbered for next season (and 2025) if they keep it and you can’t trade your first round pick two years in a row, they can trade the player they draft with the pick, but they can’t trade the pick. Compresses the timeline to get a deal done this summer.   Also means they likely can’t trade the ‘25 pick, either.
Trade it for what exactly? Let’s be realistic no one is dying to trade for the 10th pick in a draft that’s not deep.
what is the 10th pick going to do for the mavs?Make them championship contenders? I got something to sell you if you really believe that lol
Let me say to Mavs what my drunk roommate said to his opponents on NHL 2k:   Lil bitches
I mean I feel like you are the first team to outright give up with a top 5ish player on your team. Not even factoring in another top 20 player.
Did this ever happen for real?  A team with a generational talent, 2 games away from the playoffs, trying to lose on purpose? Maybe it happened, but I don’t recall
Rather root for mediocrity than root for my own team to lose. How's that tanking shit going for Detroit and Houston?
It’s crazy to me that people are more outraged at us tanking 2 games after trying for *eighty of them* than teams that have tanked either all season or much longer.
Wow you sure have a lot of faith in the 10th pick
Imagining how the Nets would draft…?  Edit: /s I have no idea about Nets draft picks. Sorry could help myself. You are 100% right
I’m an nba fan
We probably miss the play ins anyways.  No chance you think we win 2 road play in games. The playoffs were not right there lmao
10th seed = chance to win the Championship and no pick.   10th best odds = small chance to lose pick to NY and 14% chance to get top 4 pick.   Tank does seem smartest play with this team. Luka’s heel still seems to be bothering him, Kyrie got some foot issues plus entire team has just been complete shit all season.
The same people clowning us saying we had no chance even with Luka and Kyrie are now mad we’re tanking *two games* after trying for 80 of them because “ya’ll still have a chance with Luka and Kyrie”.
But they weren’t resting players. They had the lead for basically the whole game and started playing the 5 worst dudes they could find in the second half. In the 4th they didn’t even have a big playing, just 5 small dudes. They benched morris, javale and hardy at halftime (these are not great players whatsoever) because they were playing well
Really? Last time I checked everyone on the lakers playing tonight so you can stfu
That’s extra embarassing.   Your sub had (some) hopes for a ring pre-Kyrie trade. Now you’re actively rooting for defeat
It’s not a big deal. Move on.
Exactly what we need. Won’t happen tho since Adam silver is a neutered dog.
Good I’m gonna be so happy when Luka asks out
How can you have two 'once in a generation' super stars...from the same generation? Or do you mean these guys are just super stars?
I don't think either are superstars yet. Call them for what they are, All Stars.
People don't understand the calculation lol Dallas getting a good defender in this year's draft would be worth way more than getting cooked by Denver or Memphis and losing their best asset
Seriously, that's how you see it 😂. The team tried, was competitive for half the season, made a trade that did not work out in the end and were STILL trying up until the last 5-4 games due to some pick protections.
People really wanted you guys to win out, miss the playin anyway after OKC wins and then have no pick this year. Wild
You literally had two and only two picks to trade regardless of whether you kept your pick this year or not. Keeping the 23 pick now just means you can't send out the 25 pick
 Did you read my comment? It gives them an asset. Whether they trade it or try and draft a player is up to them.   You somehow think making the play-in for the chance to make the playoffs is somehow a better position to be in than retaining a draft pick which they wouldn’t have had before. Listen to yourself. Like someone else said, you gotta be a Knicks fan cause this shit don’t make sense.
What's the alternative?   I have no issues with Luka and Kyrie on the offensive end, but how far do you think we're gonna get with no defense. We're not good enough. Mavs were trying for post-season until tonight. There's a reason we're even talking about missing/making PLAY-INS.   We're gonna get bounced AND have no pick, just to "see what happens"
This was a unique situation where we had a top 10 protected pick. If not for that then we obviously would have tried to make it, not giving a fu*k if we get the tenth pick or fifteenth or whatever.
Portland was doing it with a top 10 player. It’s because we were tied with Chicago, the team we were playing. And it was such a longshot for OKC to lose against a resting Grizzlies.
Yeah, its not like the Mavs are devoid of talent like most tanking teams. Mavs fans want you to think they're the reincarnation of the 7-59 Bobcats or something.
Tanking got Philly a player that’s in serious MVP talks right now, tanking got us Luka and Brunson (until we stupidly let him walk), OKC has a bright future because of tanking and collecting picks.  Yeahhh, it’s never gotten teams a quality player that’s helped their team.
It went really well for San Antonio
Nice, the moral victory bullshit. Moral wins aren’t going to give teams assets to rebuild their roster. Had the mavericks made the play-in and got bounced while giving New York the 11th pick you would’ve been in here calling them out for not tanking the final games.   >How's that tanking shit going for Detroit and Houston?  Citing 2 teams that just starting rebuilding 2 years ago eh?
Because in sports, on any level let alone the professional one, tanking should always be shamed no matter the situation.
You sure have a lot of faith in a completely pointless play-in berth.   Still didn’t answer my question on what you’re basing your oddly confident statement on.
You don't think Luka and Kyrie have a shot in the play-ins? Beyond that why would kyrie resign with a tanking team in the offseason? Why not just see what happens in the playoffs
To piggyback, no 8th seed has ever won a championship, much less a 10th seed.  Many 10th picks and later have become successful/integral pieces to their teams.   Play the odds.
It was certainly the most drastic tank I’ve seen in one half. But they also let Luka play for a quarter and Chicago was playing some bottom bench guys too at times.   But this one half of basketball does not ruin the play in. There is way less tanking now and you get a chance for teams like the Lakers to claw back in it when they might have lost hope in a normal year.
It would be really fun and competitive. NBA fans are computer nerds it wills be very smart to add things that make us do research and check things and watch for stuff
Yeah I mean, they’re generationally unique in their own right. You don’t have any superstars really comparable to either.
They are from different generations
Why do you have 'once in a generation' in quotes when the person you're replying to didn't use those words?
EVEN if we stumbled into the play in, you want me to believe that this team would've won 2 road games in a row??? and then have to play the Nuggets? What's the fucking point?
23 pick is way more valuable than the 25 pick.
i can't imagine what would be more valuable; a pick to take or trade in the top 10 of a loaded draft now or a random pick likely in the 20s in 2025?
Given your a spurs fan and probably an expert on tanking and asset management I’ll take your word lol
I hope Luka agrees with you  If he bails, because the Mavs are wasting his prime, the 10th best rookie better be reaaaally good  Dude could’ve play Jokic in a couple weeks, giving it all on the court for a possible generational performance.   MJ had 63 points against the Celtics in a similar situation. Luka will be watching on TV
Philly might not even make it past 2nd round again this year. It's been how many seasons? OKC still isn't in that convo. Warriors, Bucks, Raptors have won some of the most recent chips without needing top 5 picks. (wiseman 0 games played ass don't count)
David Robinson getting season-ending injury was the blessing in disguise for them. No injury and you didn't see the same result. It's a disservice to say SA tanked that year.
I wouldn't have been here calling them anything. 11th pick? Who gives a a fuck. Name me the last notable 11th pick and i'll match with an 11th pick out the league.
Basketball will always have the worst tanking because it has the highest value drafts picks and least variance in the playoffs. An 8 seed is never going to win a championship, without some crazy circumstances.
Based off the fact that this is not a deep a draft. Also why your acting like the draft pick is gonna move the needle for the mavs?Historically, their have been more busts then success stories in the draft. I would much rather take my chances with Kai and Luka versus tanking and hoping the 10 pick saves our franchise.
Kyrie will resign because he likes money and we are his best financial option
Superfarts maybe
You could say that about Kevon Looney.
How many years are you saying is in a generation?    Kyrie is a generational talent, and Giannis is not? How about Jokic?    Or are you putting 4 or 5 players from the same generation as generational talent?
What is the definition of 'generational talent'?
Bold of you to think that pick will be in the 20s in 2025
This pick was projected to be "likely in the 20s" too.
Dumb owners satisfy dumb fans by making the play in.  Smart fans want the pick.
I refuse to believe some of y’all are real people that watch basketball.   >If he bails, because the Mavs are wasting his prime, the 10th best rookie better be reaaaally good  Bailing because the mavericks Tanked TWO games, not a season, not even half a season….but TWO.   >Dude could’ve play Jokic in a couple weeks, giving it all on the court for a possible generational performance.   “COULD’VE” “POSSIBLE” notice how none of those are definitive. They also “could’ve” gotten bounced in the play-in and went into an off-season with nothing to show for themselves outside of handing another team a lottery pick.
Last 10 11 overall picks;  1. Ousmane Dieng- too young to say anything   2. James Bouknight- disappointing thus far   3. Devin Vassell- star upside   4. Cam Johnson- high value role player   5. Shai Gilgeous Alexander- All-NBA player   6. Malik Monk- rotation player on #3 seed   7. Domontas Sabonis- likely All-NBA player   8. Doug McDermott- rotation player   9. MCW- bust   10. Myers Leonard- bust  2 guys too young to tell, 2 bust, 2 rotation players,1 high level rotation player, 1 guy with star upside, and 2 stars. That’s the last 10 #11 picks. You think making the PLAY-IN tournament, is worth not even getting the CHANCE to add a guy who could be an impact player. It’s genuinely mind boggling that you think a better alternative to being a lottery team with a lottery pick is a lottery team with no lottery pick. Like, come on. Really?
Yeah, but championships aren’t everything. Or else 20+ teams should be tanking every year (the Mark Cuban way)
That’s not a fact, again that is an unsupported opinion.   >Also why your acting like the draft pick is gonna move the needle for the mavs?  I haven’t said this once in any of my comments. It’s not about moving the needle it’s about making correct basketball decisions, which they just did. There is NO world where you can GENUINELY try and argue losing your top 10 pick as a team already in the lottery is better than having it. It’s just beyond silly.   >Historically, their have been more busts then success stories in the draft. would much rather take my chances with Kai and Luka versus tanking and hoping the 10 pick saves our franchise.  Historically, drafting towards the top of the draft is the most consistent way to add TALENT and depth to your roster -which is something Dallas desperately needs. Their problem is that they ONLY have Luka and Kyrie, and need to add pieces next to that, clearly that’s something you don’t understand since you think the route to make that team better is to just hand away assets to other teams.
No you can’t. he’s unique. Not a super star lol
Its not that deep homie.
Who cares.
Feel free to visit this thread and get peoples opinions:  https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/lwzym8/whats_your_idea_of_a_generational_superstar/
According to ESPN and Bleacher Report, any star player.  It's like top 30 in a generation where a generation is 10 years.  The term has been completely diluted by the media.
Wow that is the corniest thing I’ve ever heard. How long did it take for you too think of that?
Seriously. This sub has (rightfully) criticized us for not being smart and handing away assets to other teams, and now they’re upset we’re NOT doing that and trying to get a top 10 pick the one chance we might have to do that with Luka lol. After we legitimately tried to win the first 80 games.
It seems to me that people cast every super star as a generational talent. I don't think Kyrie is the greatest player of his generation. That's all. An absolute baller. Yes. But not the greatest of his generation.
Ok. Looks like my mistake. I thought it meant once in a generation. Like a Lebron type figure. Guess there's 5 generational talents per year.
I'm not the biggest Kyrie fan to begin with.  I'm not really interested in arguing that.    I was just pointing out the quote came across as a straw man argument by quoting something the person didn't specifically say.
It's not aimed at the poster. Just the way everything is over the top exaggerated these days. Probably spurred on by those stupid fucking headlines and click bait.
I also could rant all day long about how language is shifting.  I'm learning to bite my tongue a bit.
You didn’t change shit   Teams would still tank because since you know you won’t make the playoffs you have no incentive to play older guys  Also locking lottery odds with 10 games left when the top 3-4 teams would probably still be in the play-in battle is illogical
Here’s how to actually fix it:  **Every team who misses playoffs gets exactly the same lottery odds**, no matter if you barely missed or you were dead last.  Sure - this has the downside of making it so the #1 pick doesn’t go to the worst team sometimes, but atleast no one would purposely tank anymore, because there is no reward for doing so.  It’s a trade off that is necessary to fix this terrible problem.
Thr biggest question I have is, How the fuck is this not match fixing? The Blazers kept a 19 year old on the bench for the last 8 minutes to lose ... is that not the definition of match fixing?    Imagine this happening in cricket or soccer. Fucking next level. Especially with the amount of money flowing from those piece of shit betting sites.
Turn the tv off and go for a walk.
Random draw for all non-playoff teams all weighted equally. Eliminate conditional trades. Move Charlotte somewhere nicer.
For this specific situation disallow teams to put lottery protections on picks.  If you trade a first you trade a first.
Mavs had the most egregious tank effort ive ever seen where it really felt like this match was fixed despite their talent and playoff possibilities. There are so many shit implications for this, forget everything else...you cant promote gambling so much in this league and allow that
Remove the protections from the Mavs pick this year as a scare tactic for future teams lol
Give the Mavs the #1 pick. That solves everything forever, no questions asked.
Cant fix that. Tanking is bad for the team anyway.
I still don't think it's great, but my best idea is to cut 10 games from the regular season (less back to backs) and force the teams that miss the playoffs to play their own round of single elimination playoffs, but for draft seeding. At least that way you'd see the Blazers, Spurs, Wizards, etc. put out real lineups to close out their campaign.  And get rid of protected picks, they're horrible for the league.
😌 Don’t ask Mark Cuban
What’s the opposition to teams tanking though? It’s a good strategy to land a potential star and turn the organization around.
This would not be a good idea.
Stop worrying about the lottery and tanking, start worrying about Durant.
You can’t fix tanking when the talent level of sure fire guys you can build your team around isn’t that deep on a year to year basis. You’ll always have a race to the bottom because of this.
I'm sorry but us as fans created this culture. Every argument of how good a player or team is usually "HoW mAnY RIIIIIIINGS?"   So of course players and teams only care about winning rings, it's the ultimate goal so if it's clear you won't even be making the playoffs why bother?
Then every team tanks the first half of the season, and the best team in the league could end up with the #1 pick.
I think you give some incentive to make the play-in besides going on to the series playoffs. Give play-in teams like 2 or 3% greater odds in the lotto drawing.
All non playoff teams are fined $30 million.  Money goes to the teams making the playoffs.
ehh. the mavs tonight started jaden hardy, a rookie. after they had the lead in the first half and hardy hit a halftime buzzer beater, he was benched. do you think that happens if these games don’t matter for lottery odds?
there’s definitely downsides to it but i don’t think that’s a terrible idea
I mean… does this include play in as well? Because if so you’re going to see even more blatant tanking from the 9-10 seed teams fighting to trying to stay out of the playoffs instead of fighting to stay in
there still is, for a case similar to the Mavericks.  The Mavericks could either be the in the play-in or have a draft pick.    In your scenario the Mavericks could either be in the play-in or have a great shot at the #1 pick.  In that case they are definitely losing the last 20 games of the season to miss the play-in.
yea i didn’t even bring up the betting part. nba has been trying to grow that more and more and tanking is not good at all for it (neither are these shit ejections)
I see no issues with this logic
Fans pay a lot of money to see their stars and now all the stars aren't there.   Also games are usually less competitive/blowouts against tanking teams (ignore my flair) so it might hurt the product.
lowers the value of the average regular season game. no average fan wants to watch a team tanking vs anyone
clips in fo
i agree i’m more just speaking about the teams that are kind of in the mix and then tank at the very end. teams like the rockets and spurs are always gonna tank. the mavs tho? or the pacers, wizards, etc.. they were playing meaningful games not long ago. kinda sucks that around 5 solid teams become crap to watch before the end of every regular season
Personally I blame StuGotz and his personal record book.
I get this argument, outside of the last two games of the season.  Fans should always know that the chances are high that stars will sit out the last two or three games of the season.
Idk those Slovenians were going ham tonight
Fair point. Sometimes it’s about the camaraderie though!
Yeah, I can see that for sure. I do think that if we had our pick this year we wouldn’t have tanked these last few games. No one ever expected us to suck so bad this year. The writing was on the wall, make the play in win 2 games and get swept by the Nuggies. I’m not saying we’re 1 dude away but while you might not get a top 20 all NBA guy at 10 you can get a solid starter or bench contributor.  Or package it with our 2027 and find someone that way.   I’d rather have the pick than not have anything and get bounced in the first round, or even the play ins.
those aren’t average fans lol those are dallas fans. if nba wants viewership they need more views than just the fans of the teams playing
i totally agree from the individual team perspective. its often in your best interest to tank. its just not great for the league as a whole or casual fans
That 20-2 run was a tank masterclass
This season could also be the first playoffs to have the California quad since its formation in 1985/1986.  A look back at the Texas trio in the playoffs from 1981-2022  Houston Rockets  NBA Champion: 1994, 1995  Western Conference Champion: 1981, 1986  Western Conference Finalist: 1997, 2015, 2018  Western Conference Semifinalist: 1987, 1993, 1996, 2009, 2017, 2019, 2020  Western Conference First Round: 1982, 1985, 1988-1991, 1998, 1999, 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2013, 2014, 2016  \#1 Overall Seed: 2018  Longest Playoff Appearance Streak: 2013-2020  Longest Playoff Appearance Drought: 2000-2003  San Antonio Spurs  NBA Champion: 1999, 2003, 2005, 2007, 2014  Western Conference Champion: 2013  Western Conference Finalist: 1982, 1983, 1995, 2001, 2008, 2012, 2017  Western Conference Semifinalist: 1981, 1990, 1993, 1996, 1998, 2002, 2004, 2006, 2010, 2016  Western Conference First Round: 1985, 1986, 1988, 1991, 1992, 1994, 2000, 2009, 2011, 2015, 2018, 2019  \#1 Western Conference Seed: 2006, 2011, 2012  \#1 Overall Seed: 1995, 1999, 2001, 2003, 2014  Longest Playoff Appearance Streak: 1998-2019  Longest Playoff Appearance Drought: 2020-  Dallas Mavericks  NBA Champion: 2011  Western Conference Champion: 2006  Western Conference Finalist: 1988, 2003, 2022  Western Conference Semifinalist: 1984, 1986, 2001, 2002, 2005, 2009  Western Conference First Round: 1985, 1987, 1990, 2004, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2012, 2014-2016, 2020, 2021  \#1 Overall Seed: 2007  Longest Playoff Appearance Streak: 2001-2012  Longest Playoff Appearance Drought: 1991-2000  Battles of Texas in the Playoffs since 1981     Houston vs. San Antonio   1981 West Semis - winner Houston   1995 West Finals - winner Houston   2017 West Semis - winner San Antonio      Houston vs. Dallas   1988 First Round - winner Dallas   2005 First Round - winner Dallas   2015 First Round - winner Houston      San Antonio vs. Dallas   2001 West Semis - winner San Antonio   2003 West Finals - winner San Antonio   2006 West Semis - winner Dallas   2009 First Round - winner Dallas   2010 First Round - winner San Antonio   2014 First Round - winner San Antonio
Stupid Mavs always ruin everything.  Just let us tank in peace.
[Ruh roh](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7v4NgVs-t4)
Texass
Democrats fault
[The Play-in God is Luka Doncic's father](https://imgur.com/a/rA65Xp3)
#😏 And they say "everything is bigger in Texas"
They’ve done yee’d their last haws…
You just love to see it lmao
Just secede already, the entire state is an embarrassment.
Put $100 on the winning state being Texas in November  Just fade me
Well howdy
Sad year for Texas basketball and football
The basketball gods giveth, and the basketball gods taketh away.
a season like this is tough, but at least I never had hope.
Texas drools!
Some writer at ESPN definitely stole this from my post but didn’t see my correction later which showed it is actually the first time in NBA history lol  https://reddit.com/r/nba/comments/1296j5z/if_dallas_misses_the_playoffs_it_will_be_the/
Well I guess Texit happened
It was inspiring. We gave up a 24-2 run to Memphis in the 4th and a 13-0 run to San Antonio in the 4th in our last two games. By any means necessary
The Ls certainly are, in addition to them big ole women
Luka takes offense
Why would you do that lol like what texas team did you think was capable
Sounds like you just wanted to waste some money.
wouldn't you get a better payout just betting on the mavs? did you seriously think the rockets or spurs were even thinking of playoffs this season?
They almost gave you another Jordan
If you combined all the Texas teams, they still wouldn’t create a team good enough to win it all lmao
Wouldn’t even be close, they’d be like a 1st or 2nd round exit
Idk. Pop coaching turns one of Dallas’ biggest weaknesses into a strength off the bat, plus Poeltl was there at the start of the season so that solves their big man problem. Grab one or two role players to fill out the bench and provide depth, the Texas Maverocketurs would be pretty fucking good.
But why is Portland the 4th seed?
its crazy teams were getting 6th seeds with 55 wins in the west now that would be easily the 1 seed in the west
Yelp but they wouldn’t have had home court advantage if the team they were playing had a better record
Wonder if we'll ever see a season where a division has no team make the playoffs.
Heat woulda been the NFC south division winner of the NBA 😹
I thought it was top 3?   The 06 western conference was:  1st: Spurs: 63-19  2nd: Suns: 54-28  3rd: Nuggets: 44-38  4th: Mavericks: 60-22
It was worse in 2005 and 2006.  They would had been the 3rd seed.  They change it after the Mavs with a 60 win record were the 4th seed.  There was massive tanking for the 6th seed to face the 3rd seed Nuggets and avoid facing the Mavs.  Then you had the 2 60 win teams facing off on the 1 vs 4 match up in the WCSF.
Glad the nba takes progressive common sense approach to rules.  Even the playin tournament at the end is genius change cause it makes irrelevant game’s relevant.
I’m so glad it’s gone
> PHO (55-27) in 2007/08  If I'm not mistaken this also had the effect of pushing down the 55 win Suns to the 6th seed where they faced the 3 seed, 56 win Spurs in a 1st round matchup. The Spurs won that series handily in 5 games and even had a game where Tim Duncan made a game tying 3 off a Manu Ginobili assist.
I get why they changed it but I wish they would bring this back, it made regular season games more important (and I miss our rivalry with Detroit).
😒 Why you bringing up old sh**
Under the old old rules, they would have been 3rd.
This is part of the reason that teams worked harder for a top seed / good record back in the day.
divisional seeding is stupid and i'm glad it's gone
Holy shit I haven’t seen that meme on here in fucking minute lmao
They clinched the Northwest division. OKC had 45 wins, Jazz had 30, etc.
Arsenal too?
I personally love it. The league is much more competitive now and it’s amazing!
Thank you, just edited it!
If I’m not mistaken, the top-3 seed was given to division winners until that season. The NBA then changed it to a top-4 seed before completely abolishing the rule
That season caused them to change it from 3 to 4 because of how utterly ridiculous it was.
That Spurs/Mavs series was epic though.
I agree and give them the extra home game as well. It makes no sense to me that the NBA would prioritize improving the seeding of 2nd, third, and even *fourth place* teams over winning a division.
That rule was horrible. Look at the 2006 Western Conference standings and tell ke if it makes any sense.
Ootl please explain
Ok but why is Portland the 4th seed?
Northwest
I agree it was a dumb rule with the way the conferences are set up and the number of teams making the playoffs, and it's a good thing the rule is gone.  But it did give teams a reason to try a little harder in the regular season.
Portland was the 4th seed in the West in 2014-15 despite having four fewer wins than the 5th and 6th seeded Memphis and San Antonio. This led to an unusual situation where you had two 55 win teams face each other in the first round.
Also OOTL but I think it's either because of people asking that question over and over despite it probably being explained a bunch of times, or a Zoolander reference ("But why male models?") or
It was a 56 and 55 win win team, not two 55 win teams. The Spurs were the hottest team on an insane win streak going into the Playoffs and were the #2 seed in the West but they lost their last game which shot them all the way to 6.
At least that rule brought us that epic Clippers Spurs series
Yup, only for the Clippers to have one of the most iconic chokes in the Josh Smith/Corey Brewer game.
His name is Danuel House, Jr.
Think it was Danuel House
House jumping on Collins' face was more impressive. That would make the front page if he made the layup.
He definitely got crossed, respect to House dribbling it out because he could’ve went the sports center route with a dunk
KNOW HIS NAME
Adam Silver do something lol
That Mavs-Spurs game is gonna be beautiful for tank fans. It’s gonna be on a level with the Daniel Oturu game with the Clippers.
PG : Tony Romo  SG : Mark Cuban  SF : Brian Cardinal  PF : Max Nowitzki  C : AJ Hammons  LFG!!!
Please let New York get the pick.
Lmao even when dallas are still trying to gain something, somehow, there's still a way for them to fuck it up
Pop, put my 5'11" ass in at Center. Let's fuck over Dallas. I'm on the next flight out!
Fuck it pls hand it to New York so that Cuban will be more clowned and Luka got another reason to leave
Random draw, my favorite part of the season!!!!
No it doesn’t? They can still lose the pick if they get jumped in the lottery. This guy is an idiot.
That last possession was pure comedy
Please lose
they're not winning against the spurs.  Did you see that 4th quarter?  They'll do anything to win.  THis was a game that would have been won by the Mavs, but they chose to bench their starters, and their bench.
This feel wrong, doesn’t Chicago have tie breaker?
Do people not know that there is still a lottery that determines the order of the top ten picks?
They’re gonna throw it. That org is pathetic
Could Dallas be more unlikeable?
This aged pretty well 🤣🤣
Mavs are going to put a jersey on a mop and hope no one notices.
Utah is gonna jump them with the Minnesota pick as a reward for taking Westbrook from the Lakers.
It really seems up to the Spurs how bad they want to lose. Rockets or Spurs get 2nd best odds and since Mavs hate both they won’t give a shit.
Spurs may just try to forfeit at this rate. Pop gonna run out there and sabotage the team plane.
You and Brian cardinal
Hey fuck you too dude
You have enough riches!
Luka is locked up until 2027 and Cuban is not trading him LOL
Exactly. It comes down to the lottery. It just gives them better or worse odds.
Lol they were running a lineup with the tallest guy was 6’5. Kidd masterclass
Lottery tiebreakers are coin flips, standings tiebreakers are H2H
Honestly I wouldn't be shocked if the Jazz get rewarded with Victor, or 2 top 4 picks, for helping the ratings machine, LeBron James into the playoffs
But the Mavs need to lose so they guarantee they still keep their pick. If they win and the Thunder lose (which they almost certainly will now), they’ll be tied again. So a coin toss will determine who picks 10th vs. 11.
Rockets, spurs and pistons all have the same odds no matter what
Be honest, you wanted NOP to get their pick when they were in the lottery
How many times as the phrase “won’t/can’t be traded” been proven wrong in the past 5 years?   It’s a players league. He’ll get out before then if he wants.
The lottery can screw them too, but Bontemps’ tweet is correct. If the Mavs finish tied with the Thunder or Bulls, there will be a random drawing to determine who gets which position in the lottery. And the Mavs can get 11, even without someone behind them getting picked in the lottery.
utah deserves it 💪   saved our season
The Mavs just locked up the 10th slot for lottery odds. What is this coin flip crap?
Does Luka even stay in america during the offseason? He's just here for money i doubt he gives a flying fuck where he plays at this point in his career.
The post says a random draw determines whether they will keep their pick or not. That's not true. It determines their "chances" of keeping their pick in the lottery.
saved next season too💪💪
No they didn’t. They locked up the 11 seed in the West because they don’t have the tiebreaker against the Thunder. They don’t have the 10th lottery odds locked up because they can finish tied with the Thunder and lottery position doesn’t include tiebreakers. The lottery position is decided with a coin flip.  EDIT: It’s not a literal coin flip, it’s a random drawing with 50/50 odds, so people say “coin flip” for shorthand. The tweet that started this thread is about this very scenario. The Mavs have to lose their last game if they want to lock up the 10th lottery odds.
He’s 24. You really think he coasts on w/e team for the next 12+ years?   Doubt it.
I figured it was obvious what he meant. If nobody from 10-14 jumps up into the Top 4, a random drawing would determine if the Mavs pick 10 or 11. The drawing actually doesn’t change their odds, since any tied teams split their odds down the middle. The drawing just determines what order the teams pick in if none of them get picked in the lottery. Bontemps should have said “could” instead of “would” to cover his bases in the tweet, though.
Holy shit. I stand corrected then. Thanks for explanation. What a crazy ending to the season.  Edit: The tweet still sucks though. 10th or 11th pick and the Mavs can still lose pick. Nothing is guaranteed except Mavs miss playoffs.
Mavs really gave up a 20-2 run in the 4th quarter to get the job done lmao
Generational tank job from Mark Cuban and Jason Kidd  I know that speech at the half did its work
Pathetic season from the Mavericks
The basketball gods will have their day in court.
Fuck this league, bruh lol
Neither team wanted to win that game and it sure showed lol. That game was certainly something.
Mavs should be stripped of their first round pick for openly throwing tonight’s game.  ~ Unbiased Knickerbockers Fan
Literally as pathetic as it will ever get.
Playoff Luka will have to wait next season.
Luka is gone
I love Chicago
Mavericks are an unserious organization
Coby White
Maybe the oldheads are right about the NBA today. Mark Cuban is a dumbass and Adam Silver needs to do something with his league.
Bullock really played his typical starter role to aid in the tank job
I typically prefer my tanking organic and ethically sourced but this does the job too 😤
This is disgraceful by Mark Cuban
Please tell me someone has a clip of that last sequence after the inbound at 23.9. Generational tank job lmao my sides hurt
That final possession was beautiful
I want an investigation into Jason Kidd and Mark Cuban.
What kind of bounty did Mark put up for laying bricks tonight?
# WE'RE GOING TO BULLOCK ISLAND MY DUDES
Kidd with the 4D chess move pulling Hardy immediately after halftime
When you got Theo pinson taking tbe game tying shot
Damnit, first time I was rooting for the Mavs to win all season and they do this lol
What an embarrassment of a franchise. Cuban was laughing and happy when his own players were missing shoots.   At least give them some respect.
Bravo. I’ve never seen a tank job like that it was actually impressive.
[Mood](https://youtu.be/rIhx2wZ8jnA)
Are we locked into the #10 seed?  Either way…let’s get it on, Toronto/Atlanta!
We're gonna miss playoff Luka...What a shame. Good tank job by Kidd though lmao
Warriors tank for Harrison Barnes level job
Not gonna lie, PWill gave me a sportsgasm.  If he can perform to his full potential next season I am beyond thrilled.
I, for one, fully support the Mavs effort tonight.
Damn never had I imagine this to happen
Resting Dwight Fucking Powell has got to be the biggest shithousery ever. We missed our superstar C this game.  What a season.
It really is Joever for them
Thunder in the play-in!!! Most likely against T-wolves?
Dallas might have a first team all-NBA player as the 11 seed
Pretty fun tank off lmao  I really hope Dallas gets Luka and Kyrie help  And I hope our young guys got some development in today lol
I'm so confused by Dallas doing this, it was very possible to win their last two games and have the Thunder lose in their last game v Memphis. Then they'd match up vs the T-Wolves who have been playing poorly recently. From making the WCF last year to this is such a shit look and they'd better hope Kyrie re-signs before it looks even worse
OKC PLAY IN CHAMPS LETS GO
Embarrassing franchise
Knicks Fans punching air right now
It's okay Mavs fans. Book also didn't make the playoffs in his 5th season and he was in the finals less than 12 months later. All he needed was a trade for an all-star PG
Mav really give up just one game away from Play In?! It is far from a guaranteed win for OKC even if they rest some of their players. This is just utterly embarrassing and especially for their fans. I would want them fight till the end if I were their fans
Disgraceful by everyone involved with Dallas.   The basketball gods had court side seats tonight.
Patrick Williams played like all Bulls fans wanted him to all season
Luca missing the playoffs is a huge hit for all fans of hoops. What a bummer. And I’m saying that as a Lakers fan.
fuck the mavs tbh
Fuck the Mavericks  Unserious franchise riding on the back of a crippled elderly German man
I bet it'll work out for whatever team takes a chance on Kyrie next.....
Well I can sleep pretty happy tonight, cause I’m not staying up for the Suns/Lakers game :)
If only the Brunson family didn’t get involved in sabotaging this Mavs franchise…. /s
Wemby!
Luka is gone
Karma bitch
Elite tank job by Dallas for the last 9-ish minutes. Even within the context of this whole season I’m becoming quite concerned with Ayo in general, especially offensively. I know he was a 2nd rounder but we are in desperate need of two-way guard play.
Ngl, this might be even sweeter than beating them in the playoffs.
Y’all tell me who to bandwagon for this post season!
Thank you Dallas!!
So, they going to investigate the Mavericks for this obvious rubbish?  The NBA is a bloody joke if this shit can be done with 0 consequences.
Almost had a heart attack at the end there.
WE HEADED TO BULLOCK ISLAND
I love y’all being salty about us losing 😂
[Welp.](https://imgur.com/a/d1Vhm5u)
The real Suns upvote party
10th pick pls?
Call it what you want but y'all know this is the correct move for the franchise. I'd much rather have a top 10 pick than to get absolutely waxed in the first round
https://streamable.com/mqk2bu
What was that last minute lmao
I kinda wanted the Bulls to lose to make it awkward
Dalen "The tank commander" Terry failed his mission
Coby White and Pat Williams have bright futures.
Lol
Legendary tank by the Mavericks. They might want to contract this one to the U.S. military.
Kyrie shitting himself knowing the nets made it
Lmao
I gotta visit r/suns
imagine the NBA granted the Mavs protest of the Warriors game & they had to replay the whole 4th quarter with Luka on the bench
thanks billy d. had me worried for a sec
How does Luka make All-NBA first team for agreeing to throw a game like this when they still could make the playoffs.   Shameless
GOD. DAMMIT.
Oh god, what happened to the Mavs…
Never dreamed Luka and Kyrie combined wouldn’t at least make the play-in. Especially considering where they started. Sad considering the west was crap this year.
im not kidding, the biggest loser of this game is the orlando magic
Kidd experimenting line ups for the pla....
I think this might be the only game we’ve actually achieved our goal in in the last 2 months
Yes!
Going to be a long summer for the Mavs
The NBA should investigate Mavs for throwing this game.
The media seems to be penciling Luka in as an automatic first team all NBA. How do you make first team all nba and miss the play in. They are a lottery team with Luka in the beginning of his prime. That is INSANE.
Luka equal top scored and he played a quarter.
Try naming 3 players that played in the last quarter. That were like 2 D-League squads.
I coulda played for the Dallas Mavericks but they found crack in my jacket
Playoffs clinched❌Tickets to bullock island booked✅
Dallas is in shambles missing d playoffs.
Really bummed for Kyrie…
I hope luka demands a trade
poverty franchise lolmavs
Why did Luka play 12 minutes?
Jason Kidd threw in the shittiest fucking lineups out there. It was hilarious.
can we talk about how bad reggie bullock is that they kept him in to intentionally lose? like what does that do to a guys self esteem. he ended -27
Masterclass man
I've been wondering if Kidd would've been in trouble w the higher ups if Dallas won.   Probably?
That's tank commander, Jason Midd
He’s certainly putting the “Tank” in “Shark Tank”
94% chance to win at the start of the 4th https://www.espn.com/nba/game/_/gameId/401469365
The Mavs spread dropped 9.5 points! That is insane.
The Kyrie effect.
Whoever we draft is gonna end up on the Knicks anyways
Bruh, just watch someone leapfrog them in the lottery.  Karma gods coming for the Mavs sooner than we think lol
Just no injuries please lol
I have never seen professional teams trying to lose in other sports. This is just embarrassing.
Bulls had no motive to lose, though.  We just didn’t care. 😂
I don't know what you're talking about, it was an absolutely awesome game!   Ignore my flair...
I agree!  - Unbiased Suns fan
The fucking Bobcats flair adds a 2x damage multiplier
You've apparently never seen my jumpshot.
LeCancun Luka
Huge blow to Luka’s legacy too. What sort of supposed superstar has a team that needs to do this? Imagine the Bucks tanking with Giannis on their roster? Lol you can’t imagine it because he’s a real superstar.
Lol at you people trying to fan the flames
I love you too bb
Billy Donovan still looking out for his Thunder bros.
I love them but they are not serious people
This was the most serious move they've made all year.
This is the best thing they could do with what they had
Coby White
This last year has shown me silver has zero control of this league.
A disgusting act by ~~Randy Moss~~ Mark Cuban.
No, you can't submit a complaint about the outcome, they already tried
We were locked before tonight. Raptors on Wednesday.
Yall lost to Johnny Davis starting, anything is possible
Powell could have turned into prime Shaq without Luka and Kyrie holding him back
He doesn't deserve first team. His awful defense and constant crying is part of the problem.
Luka shouldn't be anywhere near 1st team All NBA, I'd put Curry in over him and Curry's played less than 60 games
I'd be surprised if Luka is still in a Mavericks uniform next season.
No confusion, they are a shit team that lost to the hospital Hornets twice in pretty must-win situations, expecting them to completely turn it around in the playoffs with their flawed roster is super unrealistic. It's embarrassing that they're that bad but it's not like they're the Lakers surging down the stretch with a chance to make it far in the playoffs.
What's not to get?  This year's pick is owed to the Knicks but has top 10 protection on it.  We can play for a maybe chance to maybe get in the playoffs and then get destroyed by the Nuggets, or we can have a far more likely chance to retain a lottery pick in a draft that is considered by many as one of the stronger in recent memory.  Whether we keep or trade the pick, it's well documented that our supporting cast and especially our frontcourt is absolute garbage, we need assets if we're going to salvage this roster before Luka loses patience.  It's embarrassing, we deserve however much mockery you want to throw our way for this pathetic season and the decisions our 'braintrust' has made to reach this point, but things being what they are, acknowledging this year was a bust and cutting our losses for next season with a valuable pick gives us a much better shot to do something meaningful going forward.  I'd rather try and get us in actual position to play for a championship next year than play for a participation trophy this year.
Nah we’re good. We’ve had a decent season, are heading to the playoffs, and will just get the pick next season. It’s just funny to laugh at how a team with Luka and Kyrie finds itself throwing games like this
It would be funny if someone jumps y’all in the lottery and it conveys
mavericks fans punching the air that they have to root for the mavericks
Lmao Knicks fans are mad
Lmao keep lying  to yourself
Warriors. We going all the way again!
I'm rooting for Denver, loved watching Murray in the bubble until he got injured. Now they're all healthy and Jokic, Murray, MPJ and Gordon are fun to watch.
It sucks as a fan, but is one game tanking really worse than teams that are purposefully tanking the whole season?
This isn't a good team, let teams that really want it in the playoffs.  This Mavs team wouldn't go deep in the playoffs.
Even funnier because it was actually working earlier in the game so he had to get to work and refine that tank lineup
He's an NBA player, therefore irrationally confident by default.  Man probably thinks he could solo prime MJ on Rust.
He literally named an island after himself. He’s okay. Lol
Pretty impressive really
He can go think about it on his island
This whole game was a mid off 😭😭
You won’t find better tank commanders than American ones
Reggie Bullock is the goat
That smirk after the failed shot to tie the game 💀
And for that reason, I'm out...of the playoffs.
Kyrie has a lot of faults, but blaming the Mavs season on Kyrie is hilarious.
Is this narrative really still a thing? I don’t like Kyrie at all but please at least look at his stats on the Mavs.  Kyrie is not the problem. It’s what they gave up to get him.
Your reply is the "i-only-watch-steph-highlights-and-argue-on-social-media" effect
The Cuban roster effect. Kyrie and luka with 3 mid defenders would work. We had 5 non defenders.
Winning is a disease, and Kyrie is the vaccine.
I’m glad our team got out of that shitshow. I loved his time with the Cs but he pussed out lmao
this is top tier meatriding
There is a legendary tank off going on in the NHL at this very moment. It happens in MLB and NFL too
Watching Lovie Smith go for 2 to win the last game of the season to screw the Texans, who were inevitably going to fire him, for the first pick was hilarious. Doubly so as a Bears fan.
Happens in every American sports league
The incentive for the bulls to lose did exist, if they have a worse record than the mavs they get better lottery odds, should the bulls lose in the play-in. Won't matter if the bulls make the playoffs but losing this game would have hedged their bets.
We could at least tank and compete with a little heart. That was just sour
I mean we never had a top 5 All-NBA player in Luka  we never even had someone at Kyrie's level (I'd argue peak Kemba was close to 2023 Kyrie but still, Ky better)
It's super effective!
It’s beautiful
Luka's legacy at 24? lmfao
Legacy? You’ve been watching too much Skip lol
No one will remember this my friend. Kobe had some crazy weird seasons after Shaq left and after he got hurt.
no matter how shitty ur team is, a superstar should be able to take his team to the playoffs, missing even the playins is just embarrassing.
Uh, Steph Curry? Did you forget about GSW's master tank job to keep their top 7 protected pick to draft Harrison Barnes?
Are we really doing the “Luka isn’t a real superstar” thing? That’s just flat asinine.
giannis has a real team with a competent owner and coach
So… Luka is Kendall Roy?  EDIT: LOL just saw the Bleacher Report post
Chance to legit make playin. Purposely tried to lose the game.  There’s no selling this one
Agreed. Used to think he was pretty good. There’s no control. Players can do whatever they want and completely hold teams hostage if they don’t get their way.
Fair point
I guess we’ll never know now, shame
Is he retiring?
That’s a disservice to the fans.
Happens when the entire rest of the roster is crap and the coach is also crap   But there’s like a 25% ish chance someone jumps the mavericks and the Knicks get the pick still.   Mavericks should have sat the team against Sacramento to have a chance to move up to 9. But we did get to see a glimpse of them at their best that game.
Theres literally a post on your sub called FUCK MAVS haha and there 's been similar posts last 2 days. But I totally get it I'd probably be just as salty given next year draft is trash.
If Silver had any integrity, he would make that happen.
You know what would be even funnier? If we get 1st Pick haha jk jk..or?
We're cool 😎😎 cry more
Ok
I’m not a huge fan of jokic he just seems to awkward for me when he plays
His intentionally bad lineups are better than his regular lineups.
Hes such a tool
He was supposed to be an improvement over the Dallas defense, right? That was the idea of the trade. Lose Dorian-Finney Smith (good defender), lose Dinwiddie (helps offball), trade away all your picks and become a win now “superteam”. They just forgot Kyrie is not a superstar  Dallas defense + Luka did way better than Kyrie + Luka, even though Cuban, Kyrie and most fans tried their best to make it look like they would be fighting for a ring when the trade happened
It's not all about his stats, it's how incredibly toxic he is as a person.
Defensively he detracts from the team (like he did with the Cs), he also has a negative impact on team chemistry/morale. Not a shock that Mavs started losing at a much higher clip since Kyrie joined.
Winning is actually the vaccine but Kyrie sticks to his anti-vax stances.
Good one dude so funny
The Celtics had way better results when he was injured and when he left lmao.
MLB and NFL come nowhere close to the NBA. The only reason the Bears got the #1 pick was because the Texans had an epic game winning drive and two point conversation
Its embarrassing im ngl
Not down to the players and coaching staff it doesn’t.
The Texans could've clinched the #1 pick if they lost to the colts, were down with like a minute left, and drove the field and threw the game winning TD
I mean, sure, but those percentage points that we dropped are minuscule in hindsight.  We have to land a top-4 pick to keep it, and that’s a 8-9% chance in total. The Mavs are 14% in comparison.  We may have been trying to lose, but the Mavs were actively going to make sure they wouldn’t win.
I mean, he’s not a rookie though. He’s all-NBA first team, people talked about him as MVP potential, and… his team ended up tanking? I’m struggling to even think of a comparable situation. Yeah, he’s got time to redeem himself but it’s delusional to act like this could be anything other than a huge and enduring embarrassment.
Well, tbh though, I think people did hold that season against Kobe… everyone said “oh Shaq is 100% of the reason for their threepeat”… that was the knock on Kobe. And there were extenuating circumstances like wasn’t that the season their coach got bladder cancer and had to resign mid season? But, for Kobe, he turned it around and won twice without Shaq.   So to your point, if Luka goes on to win multiple rings I do agree this will largely be forgiven. Until then I think it’s a pretty significant stain.
Steph Curry played 26 games that season and had a season-ending injury with like 30 games remaining. Luka’s played 65 games this season. Not even remotely comparable situations.
Wasn't he hurt that whole season?
Are you talking about 2011? When he had surgery on his ankle?
Bruh. Context matters.
Lol what was it  Just saw it. Swear on my life I didn’t see that I just remember that line from watching it the other night and his comment reminded me
That's just bad asset management though. You can win both your games and miss because OKC is playing a Memphis team with nothing to play for. Now you're out of the play in and don't have your pick. You don't even have to draft a player, but a top 10 pick can be useful in trades to improve the roster. The goal is to put the best team around Luka next year. Simpletons don't understand asset management in an otherwise tremendously shitty season.
Damned if we do, damned if we don’t. If we missed the play-in and lost our pick, we’d be clowned mercilessly. If we made the play-in, people would clown us for inevitably losing quickly. We tanked to try to save the asset, getting clowned for that. Mavs had a bad roster with thin talent and they had to act accordingly. There’s nothing dumb about that
Would you want to stick around with this kind of FO?
I like your optimism.
To some, yes, certainly to those who paid to attend the game tonight.  But either decision here will always piss off a sizeable amount of any fanbase.  I personally would consider it a disservice to continue making short-term decisions when it's clear the present roster is broken and needs all the help it can get while we still have Luka to work with.  Many would agree with me, many would not; time will tell who's right, but let's not pretend this is a black and white issue with a clear answer.
Well yea most Knicks fans never liked your team to begin with. Your owner went on first take to brag about the KP trade, your team got pissy about Brunson wanting to come here. It’s just an unlikeable team hence why everyone on r/nba has been laughing at them recently as well. No one is losing sleep about getting a slightly worse pick that’ll most likely be traded anyway
Cringe.   Let us die in peace and stop acting like it doesn’t suck.
Understandable, he is super awkward lol, but has plenty of weapons. Sombor shuffle, passing, footwork, tips and the occasional 3 keeps me guessing what he's gonna do.
Jason Kiddstanza
The Jim Cramer of NBA Coaches
My condolences for the missed guaranteed top 10 pick
Let's be real, they always knew they would have to improve the roster in the off season, they just didn't want to admit it.  They will retain Kyrie, add some defense to the roster and see what can they can accomplish next season.
Absolutely 0 evidence that ever came to play during his time on the Mavs. He’s publicly blown up so many teams, you think he just torpedoed this one behind closed doors somehow? No, we just didn’t have the talent. We were thin, played with no chemistry, and couldn’t put together a compete game of basketball. Try again next year.
You have no idea what you're talking about. Yes, odds are that the Kyrie trade fails and proves costly, but right now he is not responsible for any of the problems with the Mavs
Bro Kyrie replaced defensive turnstile Spencer Dinwiddie. And he has been a fantastic locker room guy, Hate the man all you want but at least be factual
If he is so bad defensively then why is his +/- with the Mavs so good? Narrative > facts I guess
The celtics might have made the 2018 Finals if Kyrie played
Texans leaked a coach getting fired too bro, if that doesn't happen Smith would have tanked that game
MLB tanking is common. The owner can just not spend money and they can field a dog shit roster. The Astros did this for like almost a decade. The organizations don't even attempt to win from the start of a season.
Try telling this to a Pirates, Rockies, or Reds fan.
"Suck for Luck" was definitely a thing.
Texans made the mistake of telling their coach he was gonna be fired after the game so he screwed them out of the top pick
Lovie was a Bear at heart.
And it potentially set their franchise back and was clearly the dumb thing to do
And it was a terrible move that cost their team millions… they got clowned for it rightfully so.
I forgot Orlando gets the pick so yeah the payoff for losing would have been miniscule
You give anyone else this lineup and they are doing just as bad, our role players are complete poverty
Redeem himself? Luka has put up historical numbers you twat LOL. I don't even follow the Mavs and I can see that as a Chicago fan. Stop being ignorant.
Someone clearly didn’t follow Lebron in the 2000s
Lol hungry for the Luka shame I see? Talking legacy about a player that hasn’t been to the finals yet, calm down fam. Take your hate elsewhere, Mavs failed this year but so will every other team but the champions. Might as well get a pick out of it (hopefully)
I just don’t think this alone will be particularly memorable unless we see him flame out over and over again for awhile. Yeah I expect him to be back in the playoffs a bunch and that would be enough even without finals appearances.
The point is your assertion that it's a "huge blow" to his legacy is overly dramatic. If Luka goes on to have half the success Steph has had nobody will remember this season.
This MF has a PhD in Copium Engineering
I could see him asking for a trade eventually, but I doubt after this year. After next season if it's still a shit show I could see it.  Edit: Lebron didn't ask out after a 33-49 season. He gave it another year. I bet you see something similar.
He just started his extension, he can make a trade demand but with that many years left on his deal the Mavs will try to re-tool around him before giving into any trade demand. When he's closer to unrestricted free agency and could walk away for nothing, then his trade demand will have more impact but otherwise he's definitely a Mav for at least one more season.
The LolKnicks are the laughingstock of the NBA for two decades+
Appreciate it 😭. I hope the Mavs drop in the lottery anyway
They were 30-30 without him. They are 8-12 with him. Thinking he did not make a negative impact is blatantly ignoring the last 5 years of his career.
The last half decade is all the evidence we need. He is a consistently toxic presence that ruins everything he touches.
People forget so quickly
Since you’re an expert on facts, do you realize one of things needed for “facts” is sample size. Especially for a stat like +/-. What you are doing is called cherry picking, and that is arguably entirely narrative driven. It’s confirmation bias. What I am saying is based on years of evidence.
There's a big difference between trying to lose and not trying to win. Many MLB franchises don't actively try to build the best possible roster, and try to save a lot of money, and this is frustrating. But that's a lot different from an owner and/or a coach telling their players to lose the game, and for the coach to actively sabotage his own team with non-functional line-ups and taking out the hot hand any time someone gets warm. That's fucked up and no baseball team does that.
Rockies have never had a #1 pick. Surprising but true. We just truly suck but in the Classic Way™️
Rockies really looked at their platinum glove winning 3rd baseman and said 'we need to get rid of this man at all costs.'
Those teams just don’t have money. It’s a completely different scenario.
Give this lineup to Lebron James when he’s the same age as Luka, ain’t no way they ain’t making at least the play ins.
I mean, I can see why - if you’re not following the team and only looking at the box scores sometimes - you might think that
You English bruv? Havn’t heard twat in a while haha.
I think you might be the one who wasn’t following too closely. Might want to brush up your memory on that era. Once LeBron was old enough to legally have a beer he never missed the *second round* of the playoffs until that groin injury in 2019. The knock on LeBron in the 2000s was he hadn’t won a championship yet. His teams weren’t tanking.
LeBron literally only missed the playoffs (barely) in his first two seasons and those weren't exactly good teams
Your fanbase has been such pieces of shit all year long. All hate you get is deserved.
Nah, take your lumps you nerd lol, nobody talks more shit than Mavs fans…but shit I guess everybody talking tough when they’re up.
I mean, I do agree if he goes on to win multiple championships he’ll redeem himself. Winning two more championships is a huge IF for anybody though.
That’s because Curry wasn’t even an all star at that point, had never been to the playoffs, etc and was injured for 55 games of the season lol   Luka has been healthy, is coming off a conference finals appearance and is a perennial preseason MVP favourite/ All NBA first team selection. The expectations are night and day
How is it copium to say that we were fucked either way. I’m straight up devastated with how this season went.   And I’m studying for my PhD in literature.
Well, a team needs to take their place going forward. I'm glad to see yall stepping up!
And why am I supposed to care about what the Knicks were two decades ago? That’s like clowning a Kings fan in 2023. You think we care? we’re about to win near 50 games with one of the youngest cores in the NBA. Stay stuck in the past brother cuz the Mavs have zero future
Honestly it would be perfect for how Cuban has handled this roster. I wouldn’t even be mad.
No it isn’t. We were 30-30 without, but played no better than that 8-12. You are just making something up in your head because you think it makes sense. None of the Mavs players had anything but good things to say about Kyrie, and he played phenomenally with us.   Meanwhile if you actually look at how/why we lost games, we had no size, no athleticism, no POA defense, no paint presence, and no team defense. We were essentially non-existent on the defensive end, and we struggled to stop even 3rd string point guards. It’s flatly a personnel issue.   Now, I’m not here to comment on whether or not Kyrie will blow it up in the future, but you are certainly talking out of your ass.
Those records aren't that different.
Does that include the championship?
Fuck outta here with your smug attitude, Kyrie could very well blow everything up this summer/next season but there is literally nothing to blame him for in Dallas yet
 You made an assertion then claim that you can’t make an assertion because the sample size is too small?  Fact is you aren’t in the top half of your class.
Lol
I mean sure you can argue that. I think intentionally not fielding a competitive team for 100% of the season is worse than doing it for 3% of the season. At least one team tried for the majority of the year. They just failed and made a move to actually try and compete the next year. As opposed to that 100% of the season tanking team that may go out and just intentionally tank again the following year. Teams do that for stretches of like 5 seasons. What those baseball teams do is much more egregious, IMO.  Edit: Also i don't think the coach told the players to lose the game. I think Kidd just tried to field the worst team he could. The players tried to win.
Honestly your explanation didn’t do it any favours lol. Being shit on purpose to start a season for saving money is arguably worse than trying most of a season then realising it’s better to get a pick and tanking a few games to secure it.  Besides, there is no evidence that the FO are telling players to lose on purpose.   Also worth mentioning the league has taken steps to address it, by worsening draft odds and adding the play in. What has MLB done?
MLB drafts matter so much less though tbf
The Eastern Conference sucked though tbf
Lol relax dude. It’s basketball man…
I bet this sounded cool in your head
…all that education and still dumb as hell
Least butthurt Suns fan.
Zero future in massive exagerration. We literally have Luka Dončić who 's been a superstar since his second season and is not near his prime. We just need a retool. Green, Hardy, another top 10 pick potentionally. Absurd to say we have no future because we had a down season.  Also you seem confident Knicks will remain good team but you never know, you might you might not. We were 50 win WCF team last year but things change quickly. We're prime example of that. What If Randle really plays good only every second year haha.  I personally have nothing against Knicks and will always root for Brunson. I guess there 's some tension between organisations cuz of KP/Brunson but I don't really see you guys as rivals/enemies that I should hate. But Dallas is like a real center (Maybe poeltl)? And good wing (miss u dfs) away from being a contender again, we do have a future
Two decades ago ? You don't even know the history of your franchise .
I know it was technically the right move for the future, but idk how Cuban could genuinely rest all the starters including 2 future hofers and 2 of the best guards in the league when the Mavs were still alive in the play in. Even if the players knew the goal, and the chances were slim, tanking like that has to be demoralizing for everyone. Not something a good leader would do. The smug look on Cuban after the Mavs missed the game tying shots too 💀
I am talking out of what happened the last few years. I understand you are hurt and overreacting right now lol. It’s ok, I feel your pain. Been there. But Kyrie is not the hill you wanna die on lol
Thought so
Counterpoint: Greg Reynolds. Go look up who we passed on. Ohhhhh it burns. But at least we suck in an innocent moron way hahaha
The Western Conference is not exactly murderers row this season there's like 3 good teams
idk bro hes cooking
I’m super relaxed. Mavs fans deserve all hate that comes their way. Toxic af for the entire year. Had these clowns coming out of the woodwork in entirely non basketball related subs to talk shit.
What sounds cool in my head is your trash team missed the playoffs the year after stunting on everyone and your loudmouth ass franchise player is quiet and likely leaving 🔥🔥🔥
You got me.
Yep you are just talking, but with no idea what you’re actually talking about. There’s no hill to die on (yet) because Kyrie is not responsible for long list of issues with the Mavs. I understand his history and everything else but you are just pushing a narrative that has zero substance
Kyrie just highlights a long list of problems but he is clearly not the problem he got brought into one. You can say he hasn’t had the added effect the Mavs hoped but he’s the least to blame here
You’re hard on for Kyrie is one of the worst I’ve seen in this sub and that’s saying something. Lack of defense has always been the Mavs problem and trading bullock and DFS only worsened that. Anyone with eyes know Kyrie wasn’t the issue in Dallas
Are you crying? You come off really weird here, bud. None of us get game checks.
Funny how all these other problems get highlighted in teams when Kyrie joins lol. Wasn’t hearing any of this from Mavs fans before he joined.
We didn’t trade Bullock.
“It was a stupid game anyway” 😂😂
Throwing away a 13 point lead too
Nobody had more because they would get benched if they made too many shots
They sat everyone who would lol the Mavs where the better team but they made Theo Pinson the first option after the half. One of the single worst examples of tanking ive seen.
😭 mark cuban need to step away from shark tank and fix this damn team
Why on earth would it be Lukas last game as a maverick
It would’ve been crazy if they still won despite having a player’s team high be that low lol
Move the franchise to Siberia.
Scrubs
Why even play him at all.
You want to know how bad the Mavs starting rotation is beyond Luka and Kyrie. They let Bullock, our starting 4, play 33 minutes in a game they were actively tanking lol.
Alrite that question has me rolling
Luka should come after the comma because he's the one who played less than 13 minutes tonight
#Lucky 13 😅
the mavs need him to be *less* hands on lol
Horse Tank
Mark Cuban should get an actual GM and let him do GM things instead of installing a figurehead and making all the decisions himself.
He’s trading himself to the Lakers
He is quitting the NBA and will be playing in Europe Leagues only
Why on earth was G5 of the 2017 Finals Kyrie’s last game as a Cavalier? Is it really out of the realm of possibilities that Luka requests a trade this offseason? I’d say less than 10% chance that he does, but it could certainly happen.
It’s not, a lot of idiots on here have no idea what they’re talking about.
Because haters are salty the Mavs made the organizationally smart decision
Kyrie: I request 200 million for 50% of games played
This is the way.
I'd say greater than 10% chance he requests a trade, but like a 2% chance that a trade actually happens. No one could afford him and be able to have a team around him except maybe us, and I think he and Shai would not fit well together
Hilariously ironic coming from you considering you’re crying under ever reply about everyone else being against you
Creepy that you decided to look at some random persons past comments so you could make this comment unless they just blasting a shit ton of messages to the contrary. Which is it?
Creepy? Lmao get a grip
or maybe i kept seeing their username pop up saying the same thing  see now you got me curious. thought you could be sneaky without a flair, good on you for protecting your fellow mavs fan
Love it. Never seen Doc this happy the entire time he’s been here
Happier than when his kid got married
This is the peak of highlight content. Replays and perspective from both commentator crews. This could be a layup and I would upvote out of the content alone
I trust Georges Niang against every team but Boston. Seriously he shouldn't play at all against the Celtics but could be the X-Factor against the Bucks or any Western team in a theoretical Finals game.
I swear I’ve never seen Niang move that quickly.
its very funny that doc enjoys coaching bad teams so much more. every time we have a bunch of guys out he cooks like crazy
Shame on you Hawks lmfao
No offense to the 76ers fans, but I prefer the Hawks' commentators.  It was a good game, nonetheless.  I didn't include Young's missed FT before hand (he had 2 FT after a stupid foul by Springer while Trae was trying to shoot behind the backboard, and he made the first one, but missed the 2nd - though it wouldn't matter much here).  Have a great weekend everybody. \^\_\^
Damn Doc is capable of feeling happiness, that’s actually crazy
This was cute
Leading play-in teams is his true calling. We need to set him free.
Because His kid got married to the wrong curry 💀
I do take offense, Kate Scott is the GOAT commentator across all of sports, and her ‘GOODNIGHT ATLANTA” call here is the mark of a true genius
Kate is real good. Ala is among the worst I’ve ever heard
That’s totally fair, I miss Zumoff and he would’ve been much better on that sequence. The Hawks commentators were more hype than our own lol
Wait, is Doc the next Pop? Would I ask Doc that?
How was your heart rate at the end of that game OKC supporters?
if you told me this before chet got hurt, i'd say you were crazy  if you told me this after chet got her, i'd think you're certifiably insane.   BUT HERE WE ARE LETS GOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
SGA has done it
SGA vs ant should be very fun. Hoping we can just win two straight
So funny all the hit pieces that came out about this organization when they were only out for 2 years lmao. Go OKC
Honestly huge congratulations to OKC. They weren’t even supposed to be here before the season stated especially when Chet got hurt, but they kept playing hard as hell and they deserve this moment.
Amazing…if this is their ceiling without Chet, then imagine how far they can go *with* him…
I’m just excited to have so many eyes on OKC for a game or two. Lots of casuals who won’t tune into OKC games can finally see how good SGA really is
23.5 wins? UH YEAH I THINK I’LL TAKE THE OVER THANKS
Imagine Chet returning healthy to the team that wins the championship this year
Every [thunder fan](https://youtu.be/_IqYGtKx9WM) rn (me included)
Black mark on the league /s
EAT SHIT JUSTIN TERMINE
LETS GOOO
Thunder is giving me 2021 Grizz energy, really young hopeful team scrapping it in the play-in to (hopefully) make playoffs, put up a fight against a top seed and then come back the next year with a high seed and cement themselves for years to come
AHAHAHAHHAHAHA YES
Everyone doubted us the beginning of the season, now we make the play ins as the second youngest team in nba history! Great season
For the record: this team's longest-ever postseason drought since moving to OKC is two years.  Let's not pretend like this was some kind of insane forever-tank. They got Josh Giddey, Chet Holmgren and Jalen Williams and decided it's winning time.
Free 7
Thunder fans get in here!!!!
LETS GOOOOO. Never expected this especially once Chet was ruled out
Even if we lose to the Wolves this season has been such a success. Proud of our guys for battling and overcoming the odds.
YOU'RE FUCKIN WELCOME FOLLOW 10THERS
BLACK EYE OF THE LEAGUE BTW  idgaf where we end up after this, this season is a runaway success.
The shameless tankers are in the play-in! Why won’t silver stop them!
So thrilled about what we have accomplished this season. I was more optimistic than most and even I did not expect this.
OKC and Post Season play just feels right. Someone play that vid of Patbev jumping and crying from last season
All without the number 2 pick playing a second
Take a bow, OKC. 👏🏿 👏🏿
Congrats to OKC, they have a pretty good squad. SGA is star.
And they add Chet + anything they can make from their picks as every guy continues to develop. This is scary.
YESSIR
Okc are such a well run franchise. Respect
Next few years are going to be big for thunder, very quickly becoming one of my favorite teams
OKC can legit challenge this fughazy west
OKC did an incredible job to get all of that young talent and picks wow they’re really set for the future.. and they’re building a winning culture too
Racism doesn’t win Kyrie!!!!!!
Finals run incoming
BLACK EYE OF THE LEAGUE
GO THUNDER (Don’t look at my flair)
Pumped for Thunder fans, I hope the team is able to come away with the 8th seed. Been using OKC as a 2K franchise team & have fallen in hoops love with SGA & Giddey lol
Have been watching them play since last year.  They are a really exciting team to watch.  Cannot wait for next year since Chet will join them.  I think they are one of the best talented teams out there.  The sky is the limit, they have it all: length, talent and time.  Hopefully, desire as well.
This team feels like early 2010s Thunder with Russ KD Harden Ibaka etc. in the absence of Chet we saw Dub blossom into an emerging star, Shai is Shai, Isaiah Joe significantly bolstered the shooting, most guys took a step forward, Poku at the start and Wiggins after that. Jaylin and later Saric fill the hole missing with Chet gone, immensely proud of Jaylin holding up as a second round rookie and Saric not treating his team here like he’s just waiting for next season and giving insane effort. Rough start and they’ve run out of gas this past month(which is a combination of a general slump and I think 2 rookie starters on their first full year of an NBA Schedule), but this was such a memorable season. The fact pretty much everyone will be back with Chet and a 2023 lottery pick makes it even better
Still so dumb 20 of the 30 teams make the playoffs lmao  I know the playin isn't technically playoffs, but come on lmao
Huge credit to the players and coaches considering the management wanted them to be losers this season and built a team not intended to compete this year.    Imagine SGA, Giddey, J-Will, and Dort with a couple more years of experience and management that is trying to win games
Plays "Thunder" by Imagine Dragons  Time to take the YouTube Video to 2 Billion views!!  ##ThunderUp #imaginedragons
We really out here celebrating a 10th seed. Before this play in nonsense this shit would’ve been irrelevant. The state of affairs in the nba today. Smfh
Aren’t the Rockets younger than OKC?
Congrats OKC
I thought the Thunder could seriously push for a play-in spot this season .... if Chet was healthy. Didn't see this coming until January. I've been optimistic about OKC's rebuild but they were always way further "ahead of schedule" than everybody else thought. The next decade's gonna be fun
Black eye of the league.
Giddy up
B L A C K E Y E O F T H E L E A G U E
Was not expecting play in! The team really pushed itself despite the inexperience and challenges it faced! Love u OKC!
That'd be so cool if they really made the playoffs. I'm rooting for em.
Not as high as Mark Cuban’s
I fully expected the Mavs to tank. I've been watching their games knowing it would come down to them or us. They e been tanking since the trade deadline and literally no one is calling them out on it. Instead they are sensationalizing it as a dramatic failure.
Chet got a baddie?
That damn GM did it again…
Who needs Victor, we’re adding discount Wemby plus a postseason appearance
1st team All-NBA  Hollinger had them projected 20-62, 15th in West
During our first home game this year, SGA came out before tipoff and addressed the crowd saying the team was gonna surprise everyone and they wanted to give us a special season. We had no chet, so I thought he meant we’d win maybe 30 games.   Never would’ve guessed we’d have a chance at 40 wins and the playoffs. Love this team, let’s become the play-in champs and fucking lose to the nuggets baby!
Thank you too Mark Cuban
We win even when ~~we don't play~~ we lost like a shit ton of games in the past few weeks lol
We are still hoping to avoid you entirely by winning our two remaining games and winning the 7-8 game, please and thank you
I'm a Wolves fan and my gf is a diehard OKC fan, I really don't want us to have to play a sudden death game or I'm sleeping on the couch.
I would like to think Dame for this moment. Our bright future is only possible because of him.
God bless you Damian Lillard.   Literally cured all our problems instantly
"Black eye of the league" never finished lower than 4th worst record, and had one #2 pick and one #6 pick. Almost like people made a way bigger deal about the "tanking" than it was
"the black eye of the league"
And we can thank Dame for that. I savored the wins over the blazers the most this season but that shot is why we have this core today
Honestly, after we got the 6th pick in 2021 with a 76% at top 5, I was super pessimistic that this would end up well for us  But here we are with a super star in Shai, all star potential in Giddey and JDub, Chet in the chamber, a number of young fundamental players, and a buttload of picks in only two years of rebuild. What a turnaround.
It’s hard not to be hopeful. You never know how good he will really be but his strengths are exactly our team weaknesses right now
Don’t forget the zillion picks.  I imagine your profile pic is your reaction to this information.
lowkey, don't even think this is our ceiling without Chet. Lot of these guys still have a ton of room to grow.
I think last season is when I realised he was more than just a future all-star. He got whatever he wanted against us. Typing this I wondered what he had against us last season that made me realise. He had 31/3/10 on 53/40 splits and went 11/14 from the line.
Whatever the over/under is on this team for next season, I think imma take the over
That would be the craziest Cinderella story ever.
*The Hardest Road*
If we make the Finals Chet is playing.
I knew exactly what this was gonna be
I better see every player acting that way if we make the playoffs, shit would be nuts
Black markship ended with OKC.  Mavs are the black mark now.
https://youtu.be/_IqYGtKx9WM
Idk, I think we're more in the 2020 Grizz stage. 2nd youngest team in NBA history right now, and all of our bench is injured. Will be super fun still, and I can't wait.
I think it was easier for the media to attack OKC than the likes of Houston and Detroit. Not even that they’re huge markets but OKC is just an easy target. Once some guys latched onto to the eternal tank narrative it just caught on. Two off seasons after a good trade is really all you need if your general manager is Sam Presti. It’s been greatly accelerated because of Shai morphing into a top 10 player, but it’s still mostly damn good management and a good vision
All we need is a front court. Our entire front court was injured this year besides JWill.  Chet, JRE, Poku being healthy next year will help but we still need a beefy interior defensive guy to tie up the roster.
https://youtu.be/fKopy74weus
No.
nah he’s got off brand prescription meds for that
That's just the kyrie effect
Man I wish we were intentionally tanking since the deadline
Yeah. He stole Luka’s (referee) girl
whoops - typing fingers were way too excited after those three Mavs airballs to end the game
Addies n baddies bapa
Yeah her name is Anna Rexia
NOT EVEN CLOSE BAYBEE
He hates the thunder for some reason
20 wins is crazy. We had more than that last year and even without Chet we got better on paper. I would have guessed probably 30 at least, without Chet.
Jokic - Tatum - Giannis - SGA - ?
Should be most improved
Hey, think of it this way: with our lack of center play, if we go up against the Nuggets then Jokic will have some truly crazy performances. I'm ready for some Wilt level stuff
Very Cool!
Didn’t realize that was still an option. Wouldn’t like to see lakers but I think good shot for OKC vs NOLA too. That last game of the season should be great tv between you two
Same, please do that. I like our chances better against the lakers and Pels even though all three of you guys are well equipped to destroy us.
I would love that. Your big men would do bad things to us, and I would love for the Thunder to get Russ's last revenge on the Lakers by knocking them out in the 9-10.
Got that Dame mentality!
Fill me in on the Dame connection here?
He thought that shot was for Seattle, but OKC took that too.
Hinkie 76ers was so much worse
Honestly those two losses to you guys mid-season were probably the biggest signal we weren't gonna be shit this year. I'll be rooting for ya'll in the play-in.
I’m still hoping we keep one of Jaylin or Saric. I think the strength concerns are overstated for Chet but I would like to keep one of them as a rotational center to help with certain matchups.   But Chet coming in next year no matter what makes me salivate. It’s going to be an amazing time. He’s legitimately such a unicorn player if he reaches his potential
Shame that we can't clinch on home court, but if we made the playoffs it would be huge.
You guys would know better but I'm just hopeful you get that playoff seeding this year as I love to see the young guns do work, but a playin loss and a return next year with Chet is still a great timeline to be on.
Kenrich is hurt, I guess you’d count Poku. No other bench players are hurt
It's been greatly accelerated because they started off their tank trading two all-NBA players in Westbrook and PG. Other teams have to play out in purgatory because they haven't been historically great and can't commit to a full tank for the fans (except the 76ers)
Great coaching
1. 22-257 — Rockets  2. 23-114 — Thunder  3. 23-199 — Magic  4. 24-120 — Spurs  5. 24-287 — Grizzlies
 bro hatin on generic drugs 😭
Don’t sleep on generics
Man saved me a ton of money from his pharmacy
Imagine paying for brand name prescription meds when generics almost always do the same thing lmfao
What foul?
Great team. Never watched dem
I'm all here for the SGA2ALLNBA train
Hell yeah!!
He voted SGA first team All-NBA
Jealousy
Embiid?
Still gotta be luka right?
Easily Donovan Mitchell. He’s even ahead of SGA
*Technically* if the Lakers, Clippers, and Warriors all lose their remaining games *and* the Wolves win their remaining two (one of which is against the Pelicans) we could climb as high as the 5 seed IIRC because we have the tiebreaker against literally all of those teams  That is obscenely unrealistic given the circumstances (all three teams are playing hard and will be against teams whose starters are riding the bench), but winning our last two would put us > the Pelicans for 8 at a minimum with an outside shot at 7
I don’t like our chances against lebron in a do or die game
I like our chances better against the Pels but definitely not the Lakers lol
ur crazy
You like your chances against the lakers with AD and brown than the wolves whose best player is … ant?
Dame’s final shot ends the Thunder season in 2019, resulting in the PG13 trade, and directly getting Shai and Jalen Williams from it. We also wouldn’t have Chet, Giddey, and Dort without a total rebuild that resulted from the PG13 Westbrook trades.
Because he knocked them out of the playoffs and that's when they decided to go full rebuild
So much worse. I still think the league shouldn't have interfered with the 76ers, teams should be able to build in the way they think gives them the best chance to win. But Hinkie's tanking was so much worse than ours. Trading young, talented guys just to get more picks and have worse lottery odds is way worse than us letting Shai rehab for an injury for slightly longer than he needs to
Jaylin ain’t going anywhere!! He’s been our starting center this year and leads the league in charges drawn, he’s more than earned a spot!!
I'm very glad we have a chance, but I don't love our playoff odds tbh. We don't have a real center, and we'll have to go up against the likes of LeBron, AD, and KAT just to make the playoffs  Still very proud of the team this year
Technically JRE has just recently come back from injury so he's not playing 100% due to rust.
Houston traded prime James Harden and also had a Westbrook off of one of his best seasons ever. Magic got plenty assests as well I dont think people understand how good the magics assets have been they have been picking twice in the top 10 for a while now.
Source?
it’s just a joke about about the convenience of him owning a medicine supplier when the mavs are giving him heart palpitations. don’t read so much into it
Fouling in love
Its a big how the turn tables moment lol. Probably a good omen for Shai's 1st team odds when even Hollinger picks him for it.
Donovan Mitchell IMO. Tough to put a guy not even in the play in on first team
Gotta be honest I’ve tried thinking of other guards and there’s Fox, Ingram, Harden, Mitchell, Murray, Morant, Booker, and Steph. I don’t think any of them out perform Luka, but their teams all did much better and some of them (Harden, Steph, Mitchell) had more impact than he did imo. Ja is probably the best bet but I guarantee he won’t get it because of the gun shit
The seeding stresses me out I’ve just been hoping the clippers and OKC win games and that’s it lol. Wild year in the mid west
In LA no less
LeBron and AD, and we don't have a center
Lakers and Pels have our number this year because of bad matchups.  If we want to win one we want the Wolves. We are a bad matchup for them.  I would prefer Wolves and Lakers.  Give the Grizz a tough matchup with another young capable team in the Pels.  Allow us to put the Lakers out of their misery.
Nothing personal against those other teams, I even admitted they’re all built to defeat us. But we’ve beaten lakers with lebron and AD (pre-westbrook trade tbf), but the only time we beat the wolves, Gobert was ejected playing only 9 minutes and KAT was absent.
Oh, yea. I’m dumb. Thought maybe it was a more recent connection. Rooting for OKC, as a KS resident.
Good at drawing charges and his interior defense grades out well statistically and by eye test. He just gets abused by hyper athletic forwards but that speaks more to the need of a great 4 going forward. I want him in the summer league to get more aggressive on rebounds. Jaylin with improved rebounding is a great rotational guy to compliment Chet. The silver lining of Chet being out is getting him NBA level reps against some of the best centers and learning from that. He’s one of my absolute favorite guys on the roster.  Saric has been good in his time here but I think he’ll be moved in the offseason. However I immensely appreciate what he did for the team. A lot of guys in his situation wouldn’t give a fuck. His effort was always great and he had some great games. Most likely gone but wouldn’t complain if he stayed
Awwww
If Bill Simmons has any integrity, he should not put Luka in any ballot after he refused to put Bradley Beal in any ballot when the Wizards missed the playoffs a few years back.
Shai's team only won one more game than Luka's
Yeah it's fun but also terrible lol
Misery? Not happening. Maybe when Chet gets pulled out of Willy Wonka's taffy stretcher you'll have a chance
The regular season is irrelevant  The 2014 KG + PP nets swept the heat comfortably in the RS and got annihilated in tbe postseason
Definitely need to keep JWill but we also a need a 2nd lineup front court player that can hold down the interior defense. I hope we draft one or trade for one.
He did say he was leaning SGA over Luka the other day
Yeah and I think Luka should be 2nd team. Shai is also a way better defender than Luka so there are good non standing reasons for Shai over Luka
Los Angeles Leakers are too old and will be lucky to finish the season healthy. And the role playing guys they replaced Russ with are not playoff proven players. DeAngelo Russell is a tank commander. Wenyen Gabriel has a total of 53 playoff minutes in his 5 year career.  And your coach is mid.  You guys are due for a total rebuild yesterday.
His interior defense is good statistically and has improved visually as well. Even with Chet coming in though there’s a real need at the 4. Super athletic power forwards are nightmare matchups and imo that won’t change with Chet. I think when Presti pushes the chips in it’ll be for a 4. As for 2nd unit I also agree, do we still have confidence in JRE’s development since that’s his actual position? Or maybe look elsewhere?
Oscar Tshiebwe is the obvious pick for me. His age fits the timeline. Built like a mammoth but fast and long like an Andre Roberson. Brings maturity and energy to the floor. Fills the empty zone with a midrange jumper or with slashes to the bucket. Rebounds like Rodman. He ties everything together. Has energy like Eugene and very active in transition.  We need a guy who beats people up when they bring it inside. That's why I like Oscar. Imagine getting sealed by a beast like him on your way to the basket just to be completely trapped in by 7ft longboys Poku and Chet with no way to pass out or get off a shot.   JWill relies too much on taking charges to be the defensive guy we need. It's a nice strategy for change of pace on the defensive end but we need more defense. But JWill is great as a stretch 4 who shakes things up with charges. Just like JRE is great as a stetch 4 who sets screens.
Taylor Hendricks come on down? I've honed in on him and Jordan Hawkins as guys I want in the draft that we can realistically obtain.
Kings vs Warriors in the playoffs would be insane.
All I can say is the pop coaching tree is gonna be talked about for generations
Top 3 seeds in the East and top 4 seeds in the West are all coached by coaches from his coaching tree. Insane.
kerr should be considered a member (or at least an honorary member) tbh since much of his coaching philosophy and tactics come from pop (and he was never an assistant coach prior to being head coach for the dubs so he isn't apart of anyone else's coaching tree).
Generational tank job from Mark Cuban and Jason Kidd
From WCF to tanking the last two games of the season lmfaooooo
Unironically the most clutch Dallas has been all season
Get Luka out of there. Mark Cuban doesn’t deserve him.
We've had way worse losses this season when we were actually trying to win lol
Tanking for not even a top ten pick potentially should cost you the right to have a pick at all. Shit is anti-sport — get it outta the game.
Let that show that no one fleeces the mavericks 3 times in a row. Y’all got us on the tingus pingus trade and getting Jalen for free but y’all ain’t getting that pick until 2035 we’re gonna keep deferring that shit /s
I feel bad for the fans that had to pay to see that. Some people can only go to one game a year. Bad look for the NBA. SMH.
Embarrassing
Adam silver's NBA
Mission successfully failed
So cringe. That Luka has requested a trade tweet is gonna HIT.
You disgust me Dallas
I hope this somehow  back fires on Dallas and someone behind them jumps them in the lottery
Most disappointing embarrassing season from and NBA team I've ever seen
Most blatant tank job I’ve ever seen. The shots they were taking in the 4th would’ve gotten you a F teammate grade on 2K. Embarrassing
Adam Silver ruined the NBA.
Adam Silver, you know what to do
Luka and Mark Cuban share an incredibly rare feat of both being generational talents. Luka is a basketball prodigy and potentially the future of the NBA and Mark Cuban has the sheer raw talent to entirely fumble his chances of success. It’s crazy how good Cuban is, people don’t understand this talent. Not only is he not helping Luka, he’s actually making his team worse! It’s incredible! Bravo Mark!!!
Mavs ball down 3 with 24 seconds left. What if they had dribbled it out lol. Silver would’ve had to step in
Bullock -27  Knicks own fault they didn't trade for Bullock at the trade deadline
Those last few sequences were hilarious at the end. Bunch of terrible shot selection choices to try to tie the game, Jason Kidd looking nervously desperate to lose the game, Bulls missing the clutch free throws to give the G league Mavs more chances. 2 offensive rebounds by the Mavs to just shoot an airball and backboard 3 pointer 😂
Blazers would be proud
Count the Knicks flairs
I hope Kyrie leaves in FA and Luka demands a trade because of this tanking shit. I would absolutely not want to be part of an org that's ok with losing on purpose and trying to hedge your bets on some random unknown hypothetical rookie
If they lost to sacremento they’d have a chance to be 9th and basically guaranteed to keep their pick. Idk what they were thinking not tanking that game then tanking this one only  Now get Kyrie and Luka some help
Fuck me
Welp, Knicks gotta trade that pick this off-season. Dallas is gonna be a bottom 10 team for a long time. That franchise is in free fall
Incoming losers thinking they know what our stars are gonna do because of one season 😭
Mark Cuban must've went down there himself to give an all time great halftime speech
Fade their asses!
They still won't get the pick, the gods will punish them and a team 11 thru 14 will move up on the lottery
The Kyrie Curse strikes again
Not a single Texas team will be in the playoffs.  Wow.
Taking out Javale McGee, Davis Bertans, and Markieff Morris because they were playing too well was pretty egregious.  For most of the second half they put out a lineup with no one taller than like 6'6.  On offense they were running 5 out with guys standing in place for 5'11 McKinley Wright IV to iso.  They were leaving guys wide open under the basket on back to [back](https://videos.nba.com/nba/pbp/media/2023/04/07/0022201210/574/63fb2003-0843-da1b-a786-30235c92ca1d_1280x720.mp4) pivotal defensive possessions (there's not a clip for the first one, since it only led to foul shouts).  And they had some questionably poor timeout management that left them unable to advance the ball late.  I get tanking is a look the other way type thing but this was a bad look for the league.
You just have absolutely no chance to succeed in the modem NBA if your ownership meddles and injects themselves into basketball decisions this much.  Your job as an owner is to hire smart people and write checks.  Mark Cuban hasn't seemed to figure that out.
Get Mark Cuban out of there. He has single-handedly killed my enthusiasm for this team. It’s completely hopeless as long as he is the owner
facts
He should team up with someone who values him.  I don’t know. Maybe shaedon sharpe?
yeah. exactly. give it to us.
I would love to see blatant tanking result in forfeighting first round picks.  Pathetic.
As an athlete I really hate to see this out of our team
How is shamelessly tanking all year, often for multiple years in a row, any better than purposefully losing the last two to avoid losing a pick when the season is already over? Mavs played 80 games trying to win and did an embarrassingly bad job at it. It feels more anti-sport to me to try to lose for 82 games than for 2.
Thunder about to jump into the top 4!
i will never not laugh at tingus pingus
On Slovenia Night too. Imagine some poor Slovenian dude saving up to finally watch Luka in person then they get that
Make them forfeit their pick.
NBA's fault tho because tanking still not solved. I understand what Mavs decision. Its top 10 pick vs playin spot with this current roster. Mavs front court sucks.
If you're going to a game that had 5+ players listed out that's on you, don't even bring up being a casual fan. If you don't use context clues that's all you
I’m embarrassed as well, but nobody will give a shit come the time of the draft. This team needs a complete overhaul and keeping that pick is paramount.
Love it, lil knicky.
Think we’re 2 seasons away. He’ll stick around next season but kyrie will demand a trade at the deadline, team will finish with 35 wins and luka will ask out next offseason or at the next deadline.
Knicks fan want that top 10 pick badly just to boooo them in draft night 😂
Oh man, Knicks fans are mad, how will we ever recover from this?!
Did the Knicks need the draft pick THAT badly? I honestly don't know, but enjoy your postseason with Brunson
It can’t really backfire because the alternative was winning and still missing the play in but with a much smaller chance at keeping the pick. A lot of other poor decisions have backfired on the Mavs to bring them to this two game tank job though.
did you watch your own team last year?
Pinson and Frank in crunch time LMAO
It's not tanking. It's throwing a game.
I mean... The bulls missing four consecutive free throws at the end to keep it a one possession game was pretty blatant too
We are impressed.
ya for good reason lmao
4, plus mine is 5
Naw fr🤣🤣
Haha all this pearl clutching over tanking when portland exists
Coming from a Pacer fan lol.
You don't have to draft a rookie. You can trade the pick. There's also a 14% chance it's a top 4 pick.
Luka’s gone
Knicks gonna be knicks. Lol
Your stars are leaving. Good news is you can visit bullock island
Won't be surprised if the league uses the precedent of fining the spurs for that unannounced resting of their stars on national TV awhile ago.  Feels like similar vibes.  We all know it's a practice that goes on in the league but it can't just be this blatant.
What is up with Dallas sport owners and meddling for the worse? What's in the overpriced water over there?
That's because Mark Cuban is a moron.
I mean he got the franchise a ring which is better than what it had before.
Billionaire sports team owners do not care whether their teams win or lose, no matter how hard they try to persuade us otherwise. Either way, they always wake up as a billionaire.
balen jrunson
tbf the season was not over, you had a very real chance at making the play-in, where anything can happen with a healthy Kyrie (who may leave this summer) and Luka.   If I were in the same position I'd probably tank too, but in no way was the season "already over"
Because they weren't actually out of anything yet.  There are levels to this you hopefully recognize.  This is a new level of tanking here and the exact opposite of what the league put the play-in game for.   I will be shocked if we don't see some action from the league for this.  Cuban is being way too blatant about this and the league hates when things get so obvious (spurs load management and r.i.p. hinkie)
Chet/Wemby duo gonna be the tallest and most injured team of all time
Utah* so we can have 3 seven footers in the starting line up
You can only trade one future pick now
Time and time again people mistake those rich knicks fans who watch draft night as representatives of the entire fanbase
Having the team we have now with a lotto pick who can contribute or be used for a star trade would have been huge for us
Nah y’all gotta hold the L for this
It’s a shit on Mavericks week, we just gotta take the L and wait until the offseason to call other teams out for having a down year cause that is not allowed for us to do in this sub ATM. It could be worse, we could be sun fans with a loaded roster only to get bounced from the playoffs early once again.
They’re locked into their 10th seed…
it'll still probably convey honestly. y'all are all worked up for nothing. someone's gonna jump us for sure.
actual weirdos. Lakers got some bad fans and some idiot fans, but y'all might top the cake tonight.
I thought Portland was the most egregious example until tonight.
Idk man, dude was cheesing when that last shot hit the side of the backboard lmao
And so is Kyrie lol
There’s worse places to be than being a 5 seed with a chance at getting a bad team’s 11-14th pick next year.
That’s just an operating cost write off for Cuban. The equivalent of him spending 50 cents
If the NBA had any guts they would strip the mavs of their first round pick and set a blatant precedent. Resting before hand is one thing, taking players out mid game like this is a whole other.
There is a lot of blatant tanking going on in the league. Look at the injury reports in Spurs, Portland, Wizards, Jazz etc games.
Ever been to Dallas? Everyone is a moron there
Yeah he really put in work in 2011. Coming up with defensive schemes on Lebron and all
Fuck that you knicks fans just want that pick to convey this year and since it won't you want something else to bitch about.  Fuck the play ins with the shit team, what's the point if we'd probably lose? Fuck outta here
Please don’t curse the Twin Towers.
If this pick goes to the Knicks then they would be able to trade the 2025 pick.   In what way is a t10 pick from this draft a worse asset than 2025, when you have no idea where the 2025 one will fall?
Who cares? A top 10 pick is infinitely more valuable for this team.
2023 lottery is way more worth than the 25, if they want to trade it.
Cool, we shouldn't be trading any picks until we have a good reason to believe we won't be complete ass
Wait what? No more huge pick trades?
So its only coincidence that Knick fans are the only fans that boo their draft pick? Lol
Definitely, I’d be mad at Mavs fans too if I was born a knick fan. Luckily god doesn’t hate me that much.
Luka for quickley RJ and obi who says no
People would've torched us anyway if we'd "failed to lose" this game, so I guess we're holding this L proudly
i actually agree with them but you know how lakers fans are. and genuinely the lakers org is one of the few that's been in a similar tier of dysfunction as us over the last decade.
This is genuinely just sad to read.
What if I told you this game had nothing to do with seeding, and everything to do with draft position. 2 separate deals that you knick fans seem to be conflating as the same topic.
Hopefully. No way it conveys next year though. Unless you crush that pick, I can’t see Dallas above 10.
Getting to playoffs already a success?
What have Portland done for 3 seasons?
Rick Carlisle is such an underrated coach
what is the best player a #10 pick + 2027 FRP can get? Ideally someone like OG, but idk if Toronto would accept. IIRC they rejected #7 from Portland last year, and they rejected 3 protected picks this year
So you’re saying several dozen New Yorkers during draft night is representative of the whole fanbase? Brilliant logic mate
Knicks. Don’t want that ballhog destroying team chemistry so he can jack up 14 contested step-back 3s a game
Careful, Cuban might protest this game for imagined reasons and actually succeed this time.
So very sad. Here’s a tissue brother.
Chicago’s seeding is locked and they don’t own their pick.   One team was resting players for the play in, one was throwing a game. Don’t conflate them.
i mean hopefully the team will look a lot different next season otherwise yeah lmao
Accept it lol. Only fans who boooed their draft picks in nba history.
This is like a homeless dude offering money to someone in a suit.
The only reason you are upset, is because if we had won, you guys win too. If this was any other team in the NBA you don’t give 2 shits and it’s okay. I got news for you my Knick brother, you will be okay and by the time the playoffs start you won’t even remember all this happened.
Throwing the game and the next one is the analytically smart move to improve next year's roster and improve whatever chance you have of building a team around Luka.
Here you take it, you need it more than me good sir.
Wrongo, I’d be pissed about any team still in the playoff hunt throwing a game. It’s unsportsmanlike bullshit.
Sure, so let’s get rid of the lottery and rules around tanking then.
This season has broken Mavs fans. SMH
If you are so opposed to then why the hell aren’t you boycotting/calling out the Spurs, Rockets, Hornets, pistons, or Trail Blazers?? The mavericks do what they’ve been doing all damn season, for 1 singular game you lose your mind. Keep the same energy for teams who have done this all season and maybe you might believe that last statement you typed.
They should just get rid of pick protections IMO. You either trade a pick or you don't. Would make franchises think much more about it. However, under the current architecture of the NBA Dallas is doing what's best for their franchise. People can rightfully be mad, but they'd be putting themselves in a deeper hole by not tanking here.
Please send help, I’m broken and can’t recover from such a disaster of a season.
Because they all have objectively terrible rosters and aren’t competing regardless of how hard they try.   Y’all have two stars and it’s pathetic to rest them while still in the playoff hunt.
What's worse? The high likelihood that Luka leaves? Or the fact that you're stuck with Marc Cuban's decision making?
Playoff hunt?? I can tell you are a nephew because only someone who thinks a 10/11 is in LEGIT contention for any sort of significant playoff run, is either a salty knick fan whose suddenly anti-tank when a team does it for (1) single game or you’re a nephew. I’m gonna take a shot in the dark say you are both of those things.
FADED
Mavs really gave up a 20-2 run in the 4th quarter to get the job done
Taking out Markieff Morris in the year 2023 because he’s going off is a level of tanking that will never be matched again
“It’s water under the bridge now. I wish them well. I left them in 11th place. I did what I was supposed to do.”  –	Kyrie Irving
About the only time Jason Kidd has successfully executed a gameplan
The fuck was that last possession?!?
Since the Kings are in the playoffs now, I will exercise my newly-acquired and long-awaited right:  Mavericks are a poverty franchise and wasting away Luka Doncic.  Thank you.
It'll be so funny if the Mavs still get the #11 pick in the lottery
Kyrie left the Nets at 4th and now he ends at 11th with the Mavs  Pure poetry
Never have to watch this team again. Thank you god 🙏
Lets see if wasting 10% of your superstars prime for a 66% chance at the 10th pick pays off here
As a Kyrie hater I am fueled by this
I genuinely can’t believe Luka’s gonna miss the playoffs this year. Like what even happened to the Mavs
This entire franchise should be relegated
Imagine showing this to someone after the Kyrie trade
This thread is gonna be one for the ages
I get other teams tanked but the Mavs throwing in the towel is pathetic after they gave up so much for Kyrie to contend on what can be a one year rental.  Luka is the only thing keeping this organization from being a bottom dweller. Cuban and the FO in general is an embarrassment to the sport.
A big question when the trade happened was who was gonna take the big shot down the stretch, Luka or Kyrie?  The answer: Theo Pinson, AJ Lawson and McKinley Wright   ---  One of the more embarrassing seasons in NBA history
ENJOY CANCUN BOZO @KyrieIrving
Mark Cuban and Jason Kidd are generational terrorists to the game of basketball
Now we just need the Mavs pick to fall to 11, and then the Knicks to draft the next Kevin Knox with that pick. Only then will we have the truly funniest timeline.
Imagine telling a mavs fan 2 months ago their play-in hopes ended on a missed three by Theo Pinson
Bullock Island on 3
I have never felt as happy for another man’s misfortune as I am for Kyrie falling flat on his face and not even making the play-ins after blowing up a contender mid-season
Masterclass
Big “we didn’t fail, we quit” vibes. So funny looking back at the Jason Kidd optimism too lol
Was worried that the Mavs might fumble the tank.
That last possession where they airballed a three then recovered the rebound and hit the side of the backboard with another three summed up their season.   I was in tears laughing watching it.
Are the Mavs going to Cancun or Bullock’s island?
FADED
An extended off season can only be great for Kyrie and his research. MAV fans are in for a treat.
After letting Nash and Brunson walk, and getting burned, Cuban will now re-sign Kyrie - and get burned
I don’t think I’ve seen as obvious of a tank job as this since the start of “The Process”
Pain
Ducking the playoffs with it in reach after making all that noise after game 7 last year is nasty work
We smoking that Mavs pack? 🚬
Mavs wasted prime Markieff Morris.
the mavs are an embarrassment of a franchise.  should be straight up ashamed.  it's a true shame they won't get the full level of hate they deserve.
Kyrie asked for a trade, sent him to Luka, he missed the playoffs, we clinched it. If only you weren't selfish
The Kyrie effect 😎
The mavs are a poverty franchise.  What a fucking embarrassment of a team.
WHO'S THE BLACK MARK ON THE LEAGUE NOW
Poverty franchise  Press S to spit
Hey so uh can we start to bring up how Cuban might actually he worse than Dolan. I mean if we throw all the sexual predatory stuff going on withing the organization just a few years ago, why do people take anything that moron says seriously?
Who’s the guy who said Kyrie and Luka would go under .500 and y’all downvoted him to shit?!
2023 playoffs are Luka Doncic’s father
and for some reason I’m a lil bit happier today
Lmaooooo
What a disastrous season
Fade ‘em
They will always have the 2022 second round championship
I miss Dirk
Nah never compare this Mavs team with Luka to the early LeBron Cavs ever again lmao
Fatty & Dumbass go on vacation
Kyrie got all the intangibles to absolutely tank a team.
Alexa play Party in the USA because its fuck Kyrie Irving season for the next week
The Nets are such a revengeful franchise, they traded Kyrie to the poverty Mavs. Ohh and btw thanks Cuban for Brunson
**Prediction:** This will be the last time Luka Doncic misses the playoffs for the 2020s
Mark Cuban about to file an official protest on this
https://streamable.com/mqk2bu
Mavs haven't been the same since Game 7 against the Suns damn
Cuban's a moron for getting Kyrie.
Let's go!
suns fans jumping in joy rn
How fucking embarrassing to not go for the play ins when you’re ONE game away. This shit should be punished it ruins the sport
At least Devin Booker did not give up on his team in the Bubble back 2020, that went 8-0 just to have a chance to play in the playoffs!!! I know who my Daddy is!!! /s.
so kyrie left the nets to join the mavs and tanked them outta the playoffs...oooof bbig ooof
Mark Cuban is a bottom 5 owner in the NBA
Frankie still screwing the Knicks 2 years later
[Kyrie’s post-game reaction](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/960/986/d28.gif)
What a fucking waste of talent.
I think this is the greatest single game tank ever
Genuinely, what are the odds they get punished for this atrocity
[Oh no Luka!](https://youtu.be/Ogqv6CtBfbE)
Easy money, saw this coming as soon as the trade went down lmao.. $25 -> $207.50 thank you Cuban.
You could say the Mavs fell flat after acquiring Kyrie
Fluka Doncic only has Mickey Mouse western conference finals appearances. Cuban got smoked like a bad cigar. Brunson is a Knick and Kyrie has traded his third eye for a three iron.
BILLY DONOVAN JUST ENDED YOUR POVERTY
Honestly a relief at this point.
Jason Kidd is actually using some next level strategy.  Can't lose in the playoffs, if you don't make the playoffs, and you can't lose in the play-ins if you don't make them either.
As a Knicks fan, of course I wanted that pick. But, seeing mavs tank for a pick when Luka wanted to get into the playoffs.... Man.... They're gonna end up losing him no doubt about it. They've done nothing by him.   Atlanta and mavs should reverse that trade at this point.
There needs to be a loss of picks for tanking. What the trailblazers, wizards, mavericks, and pacers have done the last few weeks shouldn’t be a thing in the nba. The equal odds doesn’t make a difference to these teams. Ruins the product and the league as whole
FU Jason Kidd
Absolutely no excuses why this team missed the playoffs especially not even getting to the play in!!!
I know it’s been said 100x at this point in the thread, but hollllly shit man.  This is embarrassing as fuck, maybe one of the more embarrassing moments I can remember in recent NBA history. I do not understand how you can defend, or support the move to throw the season away while the play in was still on the table.  Lamest shit ever. I have no idea where the Mavs even go from here. Hope the #10 pick was worth demoralizing and wasting prime opportunities with your superstar Mark! Brilliant work.  And congrats Suns fans, this must feel like Christmas for y’all.
Say goodbye to Kyrie and probably Luka. Mark Cuban and Kidd are all time great walking L talents.
One of the most obvious tank jobs I've ever seen.
AhahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahhHHahahHHahahahhahahahahahahah
r/fuckthesuns where y’all at? 👀
That Kyrie trade has to be one of the worst in history right
Just sad... what a disappointing end. The Mavericks nose dived after the big trade, not Kyrie's fault, but it's clear there's issues that need to be fixed in the off season. \*cough defense\*  &#x200B;  luka please don't leave us :(
Hahaha! Oh Kyrie you absolute idiot. Have fun in Cancun! 🏖️
Lmaoooooooo. Losing game 7 got us KD thanks Kyrie
Luka's gone right ?
Missing the play-in is Luka Doncic father
I also rly dislike Kyrie, but these problems are far deeper than just him
Luka gonna force his way out soon.
Mavs fans talked so much trash about the suns /being bookers dad and couldn’t even make the play in tournament.
I'm just here because I'm petty and all you "Luka is Book's dad" bholes can eat my farts.
FADED
If there was a basketball God the Mavs would have won today
[Kyrie pack](https://imgur.com/a/p64osBe)
Dallas is dead.
This team quit so fucking hard.
Kinda funny ngl
Incredible; from going to the WCF to missing the playoffs altogether. Embarrassing   I remember when the mavs got wood, mavs fans told me he’s going to try here and finally be a part of a winning team lol
LETS GOOOOOOOOO I LOVE MY TEAMS.   IM INVITING EVERY DALLAS MAVERICK PLAYER TO MY FUNERAL SO THEY CAN LET ME DOWN ONE LAST TIME
the mavs really traded dfs, dinwiddie and 3 picks just for hotep hitler to lead them to the eleventh seed i cant
Wasn't Luka's fat ass saying he'll play if there's a chance? Where was he?
But more importantly, they now have a draft pick to use for trades this offseason!
Kyrie is a racist piece of shit
Pathetic. Besides next year because we need their pick, I wish nothing but the worst and hope they botch Luka
Cuban is going to lose Doncic
Dude, this is a horrible look on Cuban and I always have digged the guy
What a terrible season. I had season tickets and ended up selling most after the all star break. Was very excited to start the season.. fuck.
Hey at least they're won't be a Clippers vs Mavs 1st round anymore.
Insane
Byrie!
How do you add Kyrie and get worse?   Baffling.
Imagine wanting Kyrie Irving on your team
One could say they fell……  Flat.
Brunson was such a big loss imo
Kyrie lmao
Oh well. When you make a horrible trade that destroys team morale and doesn't address your team's needs you're basically blowing up the season. Cuban is a terrible owner. Kidd is a terrible coach. Kyrie is a great player and a terrible person.   On one hand I'm excited for next season since Kyrie and Wood won't be there. On the other hand Kidd will be there and Cuban has shown he can't competently build a team.  They weren't a championship worthy team anyway before Kyrie.
I just wanted to comment so that I could say I was here when it happened
This is just Crazy!
Now luka can take a break
Wasted a prime Luka season. Prospects aren’t great
I miss Dirk.
goddam. Kyrie can go back to his conspiracy crap for an extended offseason. Hopefully he gets it out of his system by fall.
So what NYC fading allstar are the Mavericks going to trade for next?  Randle in 2 years?
This is honestly such an unfair outcome. Every Mavs game for weeks now has been tainted by the NBA supplying them with tampered basketballs which behave in ways that erroneously suggest they are being thrown on a round planet. If their sabotage were not in effect Dallas would have won a Hela lot more games.
Thanks for taking the heat off of our tank Mavs bros!
2011 has really masked the simple fact that the Mavericks front-office has been utter dog shit for years.
WHY ARE YOU SHOUTING?
They didn’t really believe they can win a few straight games to get to the playoffs?
Kidd should never coach again tbh
Class move by the Mavs benching Luka after the first with a shot at the play in and on Slovenia night
I mean either way the haul would be insane is my point
YOU ARE FAT!
Something really poetic seeing Kyrie force his way out of the Nets and not making the playoffs while his former team does
Loluka
It's LukOver
#HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAGAGAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA *whuuuh* #HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Dallas had 4 last second 3 point attempts. 4. Missed everyone, including one hit to the side of the backboard, one block, and one airball. Sorry ass team
GET FUCKED KYRIE
They will always have the West Semis banner
FADE THEM
Should get their pick taken
Fuck the Mavs. Gonna be funny when Kyrie leaves this offseason.
People shitting on the mavs must not be following the draft. The chance at Taylor Hendricks, gradey dick or cason wallace is worth more than losing in the playins. Hell ausar might fall to 10. This a deep draft and the mavs roster isn't good enough. If only they could move up to guarantee Taylor Hendricks, he's perfect for the team.
We fucking deserve this. We also deserve to have the 11th pick. We deserve to lose Luka. Fuck Nico and fuck Cuban.
Tell me more about game 7 Mavs fans
Luka a ho
Big brain Luka avoiding being able to talk trash while up by not making the playoffs in the first place.
Luka should’ve complained more this season. Maybe they would’ve been more successful
Luka deserves allllll the slander. Can’t make the play in with a historically weak west. Come on now  Hi Luka. Your the problem. It’s you
I am so fucking rock hard right now
GIVE US YOUR PICK DAMNIT
I've lost all respect sorry this is absolutely rigged for draft picks... Or ratings in not sure which. I won't be silent . Just saw it live sry.
it’s over. safe travels back to slovenia
and with that, Mark Cuban has officially triggered the implosion to pretty much start the rebuild for the Mavs, no playoffs for them for a couple of seasons, and Jason Kidd will be fired soon if not at the end of next season.      guess that's the cost of having The Texas Rangers of Baseball try to fix themselves into a playoff worthy team, it came at the sacrifice of the Mavs. oh well, at least we Dallas sports fans still got the Stars in the NHL playoffs.
I wonder how could the Mavs could be with Brunson and DFS? I bet that team could knock off the Suns or some shit...
genuinely asking, why did the Mavs just decide to tank for the last month of the season? if they wanted to tank for the pick, why would they trade for kyrie?
Lol at the play-in being the thing to stop teams from tanking.
Take away there pick
forget maybe keeping the 10th pick, the real win is that I don't have to stress over watching this stupid fucking team anymore  God, what a miserable season, thank christ it's over
NAH NAH NAH NAHHH
Good job Cuban 👍
Not even a Mavs fan but honestly fuck Mark Cuban and fuck the NBA.  This product has gotten so shitty over the years, they really massacred it.  Feel bad for die hard Dallas fans.  Won't be watching this trash league anymore.
# TOP 10 PICK HERE I COME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Blow it up lol
How does Luka not ask out?
Kyrie should’ve been a Laker
Tatum >>>> Luka, I don’t wanna hear no more comparisons.
B.. but I thought luka was bookers daddy??? I guess the playoffs are bookers grandfather?
Hows that Kyrie rental working out fellas
Mavs talking that trash talk on the Suns. Regardless of how the Suns do in the playoffs Book > Luka
I had Kyrie sabotaging the Mavs in the playoffs. This man works faster than I originally thought!
LUKA BITCH ASS   request a trade to the clippers
You are not eliminated in the playoffs when you are not in the playin.
Best trade of the season if they get Wembanyama!
Straight into the veins.
 In the words of an Arizona Sports fan "there is always next year"
Between the open tanking, gambling ads and fake injuries this league really turned into a joke it’s sad how great it used to be compared to today.
Kyrie effect
This is the end of Luka in Dallas imo. Asks for a trade before end of next season. They did literally everything wrong after drafting him.
Jalen Brunson > luka donfat
Use me as a down vote
Alright whose turn is it to embarrass the Suns?
Laker luka in the making
just send Luka to the Nuggets and we'll have the sloppy fat boi summer we deserve
Good. This season sucked.
Take a look back at the reactions after Kleiber beat us at the buzzer 🤣
Taking my mavs hater victory lap.
Good don’t have to see drama queen Luka during the playoffs!
Jason kidd is Lukas father!
Let’s give some credit to Luka tho. He aint faultless in all this. His play has been average at best for the past month. No work on his conditioning, no leadership, he really hasn’t grown much as a player and that too a franchise player in the last couple of years
Apology for poor English.  When were you when Mavs dies?  I was sat at home eating cevaps, ajvar, drinking rakija in slav quat when Kyrie ring.  Luke is kil.  No.
I don't get why teams bend over backwards and give serious assets away from themselves for Kyrie.   Because when he plays he's really good dumbass.  Ok, but he's always out with something. Injuries, dumbass suspensions, refusal to get vaccinated. It's always some excuse. Why in the world would you want an employee like that?  In any profession this shit would not be tolerated.   He hit that shot with the Cavs. That was awesome. Clutch to the max. So you get 5 years of max salary to dick around and bitch and complain?  Is anyone out there buying his jersey everytime he switches teams?  I don't get it.
Everybody acts tough when they’re up
People commenting here as if it's not what their team would do if they were in the Mavs current situation. They could win these 2 games and still not get in the play-in while also losing that pick. You're basically banking on Memphis (whose probably gonna rest their players) beating OKC that will definitely try to win that game in order to stay in the play-in. If they did win these 2 games and miss the play-in, you know the narrative will be why they didn't tank lol.
Kinda a bummer. That Suns v Mavs game after the Kyrie and Durant trades was fantastic. Would have been great to get a series from these two teams.
I don't know if Mavs fans realize or even the FO realizes it...but a top 10 pick would be a very attractive trade chip.   Maybe this unintentional disappointment will help.
THUNDER UP!
Adding insult to injury, we rested Dwight Fucking Powell after 10 mins to shut it down for the year. Got to save them superstars.
That Ntilikina fadeaway corner three that hit the side of the backboard. 💀
Luka gone
Biggest joke of the season.
Ooooof
Luka packing his bags to go to Reggie Bullock's Island as we speak
[If anyone still wants to do the Luka jokes for any of the next 2 months](https://youtu.be/aSFkX5oPkzU)
3 2 1….Bullock Island!
Seriously
Intentionally choked at the end smh
Lmao
Honest question, where the hell do they go from here? I'm gonna assume kyrie is leaving, wood re-signs and...kidd is still the coach for next season?
Luka gone after this season
QUESTION AUTHORITY
#FreeLuka
Lakers better not  the same mistake mavs made during the off season jesus
time to fire kidd
Wait what are the Mavs taking for again?
You’re welcome
Luka will find a way off this team, one way or another.
Mavs about to fly to bullock island
Man, quite a step back from last season. Not sure how much of a chance they actually did have to sign Brunson, but that guy has definitely justified his contract with how he's played all season.  Losing Finney-Smith definitely seems to have hurt them quite a bit as well. Also never understood why J Kidd didn't play Christian Wood more all things considered.
https://imgur.com/rgkgnXT.gif
I have a feeling Luka is gonna request a trade and Kyrie walks away.
It'll be hilarious if the mavs beat the spurs and OKC loses. They'll have like a 36% chance of keeping their pick then.
Cuban is dogshit
oof  last season Kyrie and KD got bounced out of the playoffs with a sweep  this season Kyrie and Luka got bounced OUT OF THE PLAY-IN. Damn.  &#x200B;  This was a hail mary type of trade since all over the first half of the season the internet was stating how Luka had no help and would achieve nothing so they spent every asset needed to bring another star to keep him with some minimum hope. It only helped them achieve nothing faster.
Can someone ELI5 why the Mavs just decided to tank? Are they going after wemby?
Wow, what went wrong?
Someone rescue Luka from Cuban
You know I think what the mavs really need is some good, high quality role players coming off the bench.
The process sixers, whom some weirdos actually got mad about, never did this.
Man Kyrie out of the playoffs and Nets will be in
R.I.P. Mavs-Clippers III
Couldn’t even make the play-in. After a WCF…crazy
Awesome!!! Glad they didn’t lose that top 10 pick!
What a disappointing season. Besides a brief good stretch over Christmas and New Year, Mavs were just poor in every other game it felt like.
jason kidd should be tried for war crimes imo
50 dollars to the charity of your choosing (as long as it's not outwardly evil) for anyone who can Photoshop the crying Jordan face over the photo of Luka smiling at booker at the ft line for me
so this is what suns fans felt like
Dreams come true
What are the chances of Luka coming to the lakers 🤭
What a blatant tank why do people go see teams like these?
The play-in is Luka Doncic’s father
Rest in piss #PACKWATCH
Holy they traded all of their assets for kyrie who’s gonna walk? I guess they have cap space for…?
feel bad for doncic but seeing kyrie fail makes me happy.   mixed emotions.
Lmfao
FTM FOREVER.
I CRI EVERYTIEM
Fuck Mark Cuban.
Has any team in the history of the NBA gone from WCF to high as 4th seed to trading for a superstar to then..... embracing the tank in the last few games?
There's no positive spin to be put on this season.  The pick we (hopefully) hold onto might turn into a genuinely solid piece for our team, but we should have never gotten anywhere near here.  All jokes aside: This is the culmination of almost 30 years of getting lucky finally running out.  For all but 1 of Dirk's two legendary decades here, this front office failed to supply its cornerstone player with a proper surrounding cast.  I fully understand that doesn't happen over night, or even one or two seasons.  But we're living in a world now where the team with a 24 year-old top 10 (maybe 5?) player in the league is missing the playoffs outright.  Forget not squeaking in at an unacceptable 7 or 8 seed, but straight up missing the playoffs in a league that now lets 10 (!!!!!!) teams per conference inside the gates.  Dallas spit on and shit all over Dirk every single time they marched out a sorry ass roster, scrambling to pick up a bad contract here and losing proper pieces to cheap contract negotiations there.  For two decades they did that, and thank the heavens in 2011 Dirk was very much in "I'm leavin' here with somethin" mode (also last time we had a legitimate center in the goat Tyson Chandler btw, since then it's been 12 years of Dwight Powell).  Stop with these bullshit trades, stop being cheap with your pieces that actually matter.  Stop getting suckered into bad FA signings because you're mad that you (once again) got played and missed out on who you originally wanted.  Luka will W-A-L-K from this doggy front office and never ever look back if Cubes and company don't get their shit together.  You got the hard part finished, you got lucky and landed the franchise cornerstone.  Now fuck off and finish the job, put a team around him.
Brutal.
Going out sad
Cuban you fucked it up
Kyrie the x factor
Que up the Luka smiling at Booker photo
Holy shit after all the shit talking the Mavs were doing against the Suns, they're not even going to make the playoffs? That's a shame.   This kind of reminds of that Seinfeld episode when Jerry beats one of his high school friends in a race, then refuses to rematch because he knows he'd get his ass whooped by that dude.   Luke be like: "Because I choose not to run!"  Fucking pathetic.
Suns, nets and everybody else rejoice
Lol
Crazy how luka in the suns series last year was some of the toughest shit and then this year happened.
FUCK YEA
More like kyrie Irving has eliminates the Dallas mavericks from nba playoffs contention.
OH NO JASON KIDD OH NO
Gotta love it
Can't believe the org shut it down with a chance to get in the playoffs. If I was a Mav's fan i would be so pissed.
I gotta visit r/suns
Lmao
I knew it was coming, doesn’t make it hurt any less
But I was told the Mavs won the trade. Surely that would make them a playoff team, right?
Need to be part of this legendary thread
Wow.
“Everybody act tough when they’re up.” poetry
WhO wOn ThE TrAde?¿?¿
Openly manipulating games. Fun league.
They weren’t winning a ring anyway does it matter or just something to talk about
wow. im surprised 0.0
Well, there it is.
probably for the best, they have a slim chance at wemby now at least
I’m just excited for all the occult knowledge that Kyrie is about to drop on social now that he doesn’t have basketball games distracting his third eye.
#HE.  #GONE.
Least most successful tank job
Luka Doncic: "The NBA is easy"
 Wow did the Bulls try tonight
The complaining expected in the playoffs just went down by 35 percent.
This makes me happy
Lol. Lmao.
Actin tough when they’re up!
Their ATO to tie the game is Theo Pinson taking a 3??
NGL I was hoping for another showdown.
Serious question: can someone explain how their pick could still wind up being outside the top 10? Is it lottery odds?  That’s what I’m now rooting for. I hate how blatantly obvious the tank was and how embarrassing it is for Luka. I truly hope he leaves this franchise for nothing. I just hope he doesn’t end up on the Lakers…
Kidd gonna get sacked right...?
Empty stats Luka
I don't get it.   I get they keep their pick if they stay 10, but they should only expect a big difference maker if they hit the lottery, which is barely better odds at 10 than 11.   For the mild gain they risk completely alienating their MVP candidate who already looks miserable.
They are the team in NBA history🔥🔥🔥
Aint no way
Suns' early Christmas
I think the last time a team went to the conference finals and then not make the playoffs the next year was Kevin Garnett and the Timberwolves….oh boy!
Let me guess is everyone going to blame Kyrie? Just randomly curious.
Glad kyrie is out but super sad luka is gone
Who would have thought the best defense against Luka was Kyrie.
Luka to Toronto. Make it happen
Mavs traded for kyrie to avoid the playin. I stole this comment lol
It’s been under an hour. I’ve never seen so many Suns flairs under a r/NBA thread before 🤣
Just waiting for kyrie to walk to the lakers this off season. And then luka is gonna ask for a trade. This may go down as one of the worst trades in the recent decade of nba.
F5 szn gonna be another spicy one
Can you imagine, having such a generational player, and fucking up?  Mav's what are you doing?
Anyone know why my post keeps getting removed as soon as I upload it?
Lol bwahaha
Wosing for Wemby
Lol Lmao
It was close. I'm glad we got the outcome we tried to get. :D
Let’s gooooo. Kyrie, the team slayer.
We did it, boys.
GONECIC
I'm sure this will be a calm, normal offseason for the Mavs
Rip bozo
Whoopsy daisy
The Bulls are going to wind up winning the lottery and getting Wemby with the numbers that would have belonged to the Mavs if they hadn’t blatantly tanked this game, while also pushing us out of the top 10.  We will 100% deserve it
Oh my
lol  truly comical of season. from playoffs last year to missing it this year.
They just gave up lmaoo
That organization is such a disgrace. Analysts were right, no fucking leaders on that team. Kobe never would have let them tank like that especially when they have a chance at the playoffs. Fucking disgrace.
Reggie Bullock so cooked even with the two-way guys didn’t get to -27. Jesus Christ what a fall off, from serviceable to unplayable in an offseason.
Do the Spurs still have a chance ?
Whose decision was it to tank? Kidd or Cuban or both?  It is not Kyries fault they benched everyone.
I sad
This has to be one of the biggest fumbled bags ever right?…
This was more embarassing than their campaign.   Imagine if the owners asked something like this to MJ or Kobe? I imagine they would be very vocal and very gone.  I understand minor players can’t say anything and Kyrie is very happy to get his bag of money and go to his favorite antisemitic vacation retreat… Still, I sincerely hope Luka goes wild on this.   Or he gone. That would be the sweetest. They get a random freaking rookie and Luka ends up on the Suns or wherever it will hurt the most
They called Luka generational. They called him the next Lebron. People threw around "Larry Bird".
Luka Doncic is an excellent scorer, but he doesn't make his teammates better, I can't see him leading a team to a championship.
Beautiful day for America.
Dang Luka really has no help aside from Kyrie and Christian Wood
Mavs should be fined. This is embarrassing. It's one thing to say, let's be bad this year. It's another thing to blatantly lose a game, announce you will play your star player one quarter and announce you want to lose to keep a pick.
Hahahahahahahahaha
big yikes
Haven't watched a lick of the Mavs, what is this about everyone saying they tanked?
what a godawful season this turned out to be
Dudes really lost to our bench and g-league players AINTNOWAY
that's wild
Hahahahahahahha
they let Brunson walk for this
Ah Jason Kidd lmfao
I'm lapping this up, tbh
Crazy prediction: Mavs have Luka, Kyrie and Wemby on their squad and are the most talked about team all off-season.
The suns curse has moved from the lakers to the mavericks lol, they got that picture of him smiling at booker tho!
Pain.  &#x200B;  Hopefully this offseason we can use our remaining draft capital to dump some bad contracts (I'm looking at you Bertans. Enjoy Guangzhou) and get a strong defensive front court  &#x200B;  At this point just do something crazy. See what it'll take for the Raptors to give up OG, see if the Grizzlies are interested in getting rid of Steven Adams. Let's just go crazy
Kyrie working his magic.
Well shit, You better pray Luka will have the same route as Dame Mavericks  fans, having a generational talent in your team while he rots away with a mediocre roster
Damn Hornets really kept Mavs out of the playoffs with only half our roster. Wtf.
Continuing to prove Kyrie Irving is a cancer.
Can anyone inform me why the mavs decided to just give up with a chance to make playoffs still? I genuinely don't understand.
“Ya know, you look at this season and how Jalen Brunson’s aunt really created obstacle after obstacle and how that profoundly impacted XRP staking and, you know…is she to blame?  *Flamboyant shrug* I dunno, probably a little.  But you can’t let Porzingas or that fucking Boban off the hook that easy either.”  -	Mark Cuban, on the burden of ownership
Mark Cuban in shambles
We choked. So sad, luka needs help and Cuban got to go
What in god’s green flat earth happened to the Mavs?
Luca is gone as soon as he can.
Nah.
They’ve been flat earthed, anti semited and anti vaxxed. That’s a loser’s recipe.
Even as a certified hater I didn't dream this would happen. Epic.
You still got Game 7. Lol
Remember when championship odds went up after the Kyrie trade? What a journey it’s been
Can I get a TLDR summary on why the Mavs tanked and the draft pick implications? Something with the Knicks and the 11th pick? I’m lost and need some guidance. Thank you in advance!
THE SURPRISE THE EVERYONE SAW COMING
NBA ON TNT CREW  GONE FISHING SEGMENT 🎣 🤠  https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2023/04/04/what-is-passover-2023-date/11595412002/  Yo Kyrie and Kanye Happy Passover or Pesach Bros.   What is Passover?    Rabbi Benjamin Berger, vice president of Jewish education at Hillel International, said Passover is known as the “festival of freedom.”  It's a celebration of not only the freedom of the Jewish people emerging from slavery in Egypt, and a tradition that results that is about remembering, and really putting ourselves in the shoes of those slaves and those who experienced the release from bondage, but also it reminds us of the freedom of all people,” he said.     “Anyone who's experiencing oppression of some sort, whether it's external, from other people, or internal, from our own sense of the things that oppress us internally,” he added.    Rabbi Maya Zinkow, senior Jewish educator at UC Berkeley Hillel, told USA TODAY Passover "celebrates the movement from slavery to liberation."  "So, we commemorate the time when the Jewish people really became a Jewish people. It's really the story of the birth of our peoplehood,” she said.    How is Passover celebrated?    Jewish people observing Passover will often gather for a seder, which Kaufman called “the ritual combination of service and dinner.”
Wow that's crazy
Rough
See yall next year bitches
Thanks a lot Mark Cuban! Dumbass Botox faced moron shouldn’t be involved in basketball decisions anymore.
My name is Luka  I live on the cellar floor
Suddenly that buzzer beater doesn’t sting so much 😌
From the WCF to the outhouse lol
Couldn’t have happened to a better squad.
Tragic
Good
And for that reason, I’m out.
im just here to fuel my anti-Kyrie agenda
FADE EM
Y'all really got beat by the guys our sub keeps talking about trading
We need to learn a trick from them to get eliminated from further misery
Well, it was worth a try
From Western Conference Finals last season losing against the Champions, to this...  No words.
Is this Mavs season more disappointing or last years Lakers?
Beautiful
So sad, so [young](https://twitter.com/thomasbuckets78/status/1644537441938702343?s=46&t=3bsYlVuaGP18L62T9shXFQ)
This is actually pathetic. I'm so sad rn
Honestly don't understand KY stans at this point, what has the guy done that doesn't have the games greatest scorer attached to it? Legit dumpsters teams left and right.
I'm just checking in for this burning trash heap of a team...
LMFAO
Sorry Mavs fans
Hell of a rental
Bye-rie
Kyrie really left the Nets for this 🙏
from dominating utah and phoenix on a path to the WCF last year  to....whatever the hell this season was  we shipped off brunson and whatever little defensive identity we had. still don't have a good center to actually rebound either  cuban needs to do better
Mavs fans, how does the Kyrie trade compare to the Rondo trade?
Why are people blaming kyrie for the Mavs sucking? He's played well since the trade... Really did his part with no complaints.
how is this even allowed?
Trade everyone except Luka. Do what you gotta do Cuban or he will ask for a trade soon
In year four, Bron took a bunch of nobodies to the Finals.     In year five, Luka misses the playoffs with Kyrie.
Wembanyama and luka time
People begged for Luka to get help. Luka got help.
Going from “Hope Brunson enjoys missing the playoffs” to intentionally losing a game to miss the playoffs its just Pathetic.
I feel like that egregious level of tanking shouldn't be allowed... somehow. I don't know. That feels fucking dirty though lol
Not Kidd coming for Byron's job as the tank commander.
Posterity
Remember when the Mavs set up on the wrong side of the floor, players not paying attention, several coaches not giving directions to get to the other side. Then Mark Cuban blaming everyone except his own team. He still followed through on his protest even though everyone knew he wouldn't win. They're a joke from the top down, and it shows.
Oh, how the turntables have.... Rotated.   If we drafted Luka instead of Bagley we would have never got Trey Lyles. And only one of those 3 is going to the playoffs.   Vlade was playing 3d chess all along
Bet on the Mavs to cover tonight, AMA
One day we’ll stop saying turn up  **DRANK**
**DRANK**
THERE'S NOT A PARADE IN MY CITY!!
I thought a different mod was supposed to make the "FADED" comment than the mod who makes the post? Get your shit together mod team.
Missed this
same tbh
Get faded when I wake up.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha  [*deep breath*](https://i.imgur.com/0ArwIWw.jpeg)   Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
In style tho
[The Final fading moments are here.](https://np.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/12fcfv9/highlights_derrick_jones_jr_misses_two_clutch/)
It may have not moved us up a seed…but still, what a wonderful gift they have given us!
Meanwhile, let's get [Kidd's comments](https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/36105747/kyrie-irving-5-ruled-mavericks-change-course):  >"We were fighting for our lives, and understanding this is a situation we're in, but the organization has made the decision to change," Mavs coach Jason Kidd said during his pregame media availability.  Followed by:  >Kidd said the decision was made by Cuban and Mavs general manager Nico Harrison. He said he was not involved in the decision-making process.   >   >Does Kidd agree with the decision?   >   >"Those are my bosses," Kidd said, "so yes."  Maybe Kidd needs to be fired for dumb rotation decisions, timeout mismanagement and other things. But, it sounds like he doesn't really care and who can blame him?
Tanking for Tua.
Kidd having to bench Morris, Bertans, and McGee to ensure the loss is just perfect
As soon as Javale and Morris didn’t see the court in the second half you knew what was up
glad they got the old vet jaden hardy some rest in the second half so he’ll be ready for the off-season
This years Marcus Morris will be joining him next season in Dallas
Idk, the Blazers are now refusing to play Shaedon Sharpe and Cam Reddish, and now Drew Eubanks has a mysterious right ankle sprain after he had a somewhat good night yesterday.
Blazers benched drew eubanks cause he had 23 points in 23 minutes. Get real kid.
Until you watch the Blazers or Spurs play.
They're pushing the envelope a little now, aren't they?
OKC is the black eye of the league though
Amazing
[I love the karma. Karma is real](https://twitter.com/bleacherreport/status/1623576300219944960?s=46&t=tQCyDe91F9UpAGqh-_n_yA)
"Playoff seeding is an myth created by the illuminati to sow discord among players...the 11th place team has as much claim to the top spot in the playoffs as the 1st place team. By that logic, I single-handedly guided this franchise to the top of the standings during my limited time here. There will be no further questions."
Mavs traded away their remaining depth for this guy 😭  EDIT: I didnt say Kyrie is the problem. They couldve used the assets for a rim protecting amd rim rolling big
QUESTION AUTHORITY
Wasn't Kyrie's number for the Nets 11?
I fucking love not having to worry about this dipshit anymore.
"Grateful for my time with the @dallasmavs, and proud of what we accomplished together. Excited for my next chapter and to continue my journey elsewhere. 🙏🏀 #Blessed #KeepGrinding"  - Kyrie Irving
Is this real??
https://www.youtube.com/shorts/fvS5h6SfZBk
nba reddit is undefeated
Lmfao it’s too good
I did my research. This is what Facebook told me winning looks like. Hèla🤞 ♾️
Today he really could just watch like the rest of us
He turned the team 360 around
First 3 got blocked, second 3 airballed, third 3 hit the side of the backboard.
It’s called tanking
Wembynitis
LET IT RAIN
I feel like I've seen this attached to the Mavs so many times this year
he thought he was kyrie with that fadeaway corner 3
Season summary
Kings have earned a much deserved world tour of shitting on the entire NBA.  Until they're too good and everybody hates them.  It'll happen to you!!
Talk your shit, King(s)
I’m beaming 👑
My my how the turntables…
Crazy for me recently learning that you guys could've drafted Luka
We deserve it
Bro, y’all can talk all the shit this season
True.
How long have you had that bullet chambered?
Beam Team is gonna be the underdog favorites this year for a lot of people especially from small markets
hahahaha
That must have felt really good.
Can't argue with that rn.
you dropped this Kings “👑”
Inb4 you delete this because Doncic requests a trade in the off-season to the defending WCF champion Kings.
Luka to Kings when?
Can't argue; talk your shit, you guys deserve it.  For what it's worth, will be pulling for you in the playoffs, no one else I'd rather see come out of the West.
Look at these clowns. Let’s bring out the receipts:  https://reddit.com/r/nba/comments/10zb93h/_/j82yfle/?context=1
When will Dallas get Luka some help?
You don’t even have to include that first sentence. Y’all have earned the right to talk ALL THE SHIT you want. Fuck anyone who says otherwise.
Go off King
🙌you earned it 🤲
God bless you, that had to feel good.
can i root for you guys in the playoffs?
Should've left that 1st sentence out and this shit would've been perfect
Tbh we’re living in one of the best timelines
Imagine saying this two years ago. So happy for kings fans lol
I am so fucking here for Kings fan trash talk. Really don't want the dubs facing you in the first round and possibly eliminating you. Y'all deserve a series win.  Signed, a sad Raiders fan.
I really wish you guys would have faced Luka in the playoffs and eliminated him yourself but they did it themselves lol
Such a new money mentality.
Vlade G-Spot playing 7D chess
You're actually right lol. All the best to the beam! May it shine in the conference final
hot take ... a fox/doncic duo wouldn't work.  fox's progression has been great and wouldnt have gone at this trajectory with doncic.  if the kings have gotten triple J over bagley? dangerous kings team
ON THIS YEAR! THE KINGS LIVE UP TO THEIR MONIKER!!!
Welcome home, brother.
SUBSCRIBE
Not for nothing, but I think you guys would be championship favorites right now if you drafted Luka.
Settle it's fun to be a warriors fan for a week but then suddenly you have a tiktok haircut and forget that basketball before 2011 exists
take my disappointed and disgusted upvote
bwahhahaha
Based House SunKings
Well done good sir. Fuck, that was all anyone ever said about Boogie (they were right)
Light that fuckin beam
Is this like prima nocta where we get to fuck him too?
Yeah but you took Marvin bagley instead of him or jjj
Ask not for whom the beam beams for it beams for you
Tie the Thunder, lose the tiebreaker for the playoffs, and also lose the coin toss for the pick
Draft lottery is rigged. NBA will give them 11th for what they did today.
Speak it into existence my child.
Nets still make the playoffs too lmaoo
You hate to see it  but more than that  You love to see it
Yo garp in the latest chapter though
one more game
It's a bold move, Cotton. Let's see if it pays off for em.
How is it a waste? They weren’t making it out the play in.   IMO it was the correct decision
They tanked one game…
10%? Mavs wasted 100% by getting impatient and being run like the poverty franchise they are.
66% chance? People are just pulling numbers out of nowhere now?
Their roster situation is pretty desperate especially if Ky bails. That #10 pick is pretty important just in terms of keeping Luka from asking out potentially (no idea if he would).
Fuck Kyrie
Kyrie blew up a team that was the 4th seed and major contenders for the East to go to the Mavs who won't even make the play-in, much less the playoffs, while the Nets are still in the playoffs. Can't write it better for Nets fans lmao
Fans of Kyrie’s former teams know how much he oozes toxicity. The “it’s not Kyrie’s fault!” defense is always my favorite part of the cycle.
I ain’t a nets fan, but i got jewish friends, scientist friends, and immunocompromised friends—fuck kyrie
I wonder how he feels about the nets making it in the playoffs
Net fans thriving today
No defense and lack of bigman talent will doom you.
Da White Powell
Everyone is going to say defense but the problem is rebounding. We’re the worst team in the league by far and give our opponents 10-15 (or more) extra possessions a game every single night. It’s impossible to win that way. We outshot the Heat in a game recently 61% to 52% and still lost by 7 points because they got 9 more shots off and shot 13 more free throws than we did. We had a single offensive rebound the entire game.   I can’t overstate enough how detrimental this has been to winning games.
what having dwight powell as your starting center will do to a mf
They’re straight ass…it’s not that hard to see
Terrible roster construction, bad personnel moves, subpar coaching at best. What didn’t happen to us?
Mark Cuban is a stupid fuck and prime evidence why billionaires don't deserve their hoarded gold
Jason Kidd
We lost Brunson and traded away all of our defense. Oh yeah, Luka and Co played like complete ass too
Last years team was still a tier below actual contenders and only made the WCF because Ayton quit on the team and CP3 decided to just not shoot open catch and shoot 3s. This year they lost their 2nd best player and traded their 2-4 for a 2nd star that leaves them with no depth, no one for Luka to pass to, and Kyrie just getting his stats but not doing anything to lift the team.
Pull up one of the G League teams in exchange for the Mavs.
They would believe it, just not because the team sucks.
A good amount of people thought this trade was stupid. Kyrie is a cancer.
And then telling them that Kyrie actually did a great job on the team.
I’d believe it
I never liked the trade and felt like it was doomed from the start. Thunder fan here North of Dallas.  They are wasting Luka  If I'm the Don, I'm looking for another team
Honestly expected this as soon as the trade was announced. Dude sucks the life out of teams.
I'm just here to be a part of history
Suns fans countdown to Christmas is finally over
yes it is.
I’m just here watching like the rest of you
I can't imagine having to tank with a player that should be top 5, and another that is arguably top 20. AND they're both healthy (enough).
Dirk's greatness really hid Cuban's bozoness for so long
So much.... DFS and Dinwiddie?
Imagine if they did nothing.  Resigned brunson and kept their depth..... lol
Gave up so much for Kyrie and he's just gonna leave now anyway
WE SMOKING THAT KYRIE PACK
Reggie Bullock Island!
He deserves the long vacation after the hard work he did to leave you guys in the 4th seed
You know what? I'm gonna say it: I hope he *doesn't* enjoy Cancun. I hope your vacation is underwhelming, Kyrie. I hope your snorkeling package is completely devoid of interesting fish to see, and I hope your continental breakfasts at the resort are smaller than they look on the website.
Jason Kidd is the death door meme. Giannis, Luka, Wemby next?
Yeah, fuck em. They’re both hall of fame cunts
and for okc to lose sunday so that they know they could have made it otherwise
I hate that this is very realistic
*Knicks and Mavs fans hated that*
maybe they draft the next romeo langford! or if we get lucky new school aaron nesmith!
lmfaoo
I was thinking “I don’t get it. Whose Kevin Knox? How does this help the knicks?” But yeah it hit me lol
Yes
You guys got fucked over in the Simmons trade but yall bounced back with the Kyrie one
You turned DiAngelo Russel into KD and Irving trade assets.  I call that a win even if you lost the Harden trades bad.
I love how the suns and nets fans are in total unison about the Mavs downfall, maybe for different reasons, but still both love to see it. Also y’all got Mikal bridges who we each love. Respect, we’ll be rooting for y’all to win the East.
I know I was!
They are in trouble against Spurs next game.
Except this time we were actually trying to lose, which almost looked more promising than trying to win lol
Bullock Island on 3....
Mavs pack 💨💨  RIP in Piss bozos
Any player who played remotely well got sat almost immediately. That was crazy.
Chauncey Billups was tanking hard as shit in Portland last season
Eeeh the Blazers?
We blatantly tanked ***one game***  Y'all tanked like 3 seasons straight
Portland has been way more blatant.
I love that all the people here mad at Dallas for losing on purpose are fans of rival teams.  You guys just wanted us to win so when we didn't make the play-in anyway and gave the 11th pick to the Knicks, you could laugh at how incompetent we were.  What a joke.
r/Suns probably having a collective orgasm over this  I expect Suns fans to always respond with [this](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FtKMR4mXgAI0MZf.jpg) anytime a Mavs fan dares to spam that Luka smiling at Booker pic
Brah the blazers have been sitting people for WEEKS
I feel like I'm definitely hating them as much as they deserve.
He left you guys in 4th place though ;)
People really compare LBJ and Luka lol
The mavs will always have a championship
Lol, also the 2011 championship.  Y'all will always have...umm...100 dollar bill guy and Suns in 4 guy
Serious question: with his heliocentric play and need to have the ball in his hands, what superstar is going to want to play with him?
I’m pretty disappointed Luka didn’t even play dude when they still had a chance to make the play in…just wow. Lost a lot of respect for him and this mavericks team
Yes
The gobert trade exists
Not even close
It’s not like they gave up 5 first round picks
They barely gave up anything
I think OKC trading Harden and the Nets trade for KG, Pierce, and Jason Terry were worse.
I honestly was looking to a Suns Mavs series rematch. But let's not kid ourselves, With KD, the Suns would have swept the Mavs.
Tbf it was AJ Lawson Theo Pinson and McKinley Wright lmao
This is why we needed to tank. This is the team around Luka. It’s bad
That’s some serious copium. This team was in the WCF last year, has a top10 player, and added Kyrie at the deadline this year and somehow you’re trying to spin missing the playoffs completely as a good thing? Just. No.
they were not trying to tank until this game, that's the sad thing.
Not happening, unlucky
Basketball Gods may say otherwise, knicks at 11, see you then!
Agreed.  Can't tell me Vegas hasn't had more influence over this season than they've ever had.  The league is a farce.  As someone who grew up watching 90s basketball I can't believe how bad it's gotten.
He’s gonna look good in purple and gold.
I mean yeah, tons of us are on board with losing these games for this exact reason. Either keep the pick and get someone like Hendricks or trade it for a serious upgrade. It's the beat hope we have after a shit season.
LOL
Let me know if they lock up the sub again for an entire week.
they lose their pick if it isn't top 10. they make the play-ins they don't get it almost certainly. they decided they'd rather have their pick this year than try to win.
I wonder how many people took that bet and stuck around..
The Mavericks can't play defense if their lives depended on defense. They know they weren't going anywhere in the playoffs. Or even in the play-in tournament.    The 2023 draft pick they traded to the Knicks (the Porzingis trade) is top-10 protected. That is, the Knicks get that pick this year except if it is a top 10 pick.   This isn't really about making or missing the play-in tournament, but specifically about finishing with a worse record than the Bulls, today's opponent.   Before today's game, the Bulls and the Mavs were tied at 38-42. Winning against the Bulls would have made finishing with a worse record impossible.   Finishing the season with a lower ranking than the Bulls, and thus no better than 10th from the bottom, gives the Mavs a 77.5% chance of keeping the pick. 11th from the bottom would have had only an 11.6% chance of keeping the pick.   That's a consequence of how the NBA draft lottery works, where 10th from the bottom gets exactly the 10th pick 65.90% of the time, whereas 11th from the bottom gets exactly the 11th pick 77.59% of the time.
the knicks own their pick unless it is a top 10 pick. if they were to make the play-in they would be out of that range so the knicks would get it this year. they decided that they would rather have a very good chance at keeping a high pick this year than be in the play-in tournament.
With Luka or without ?
Only problem is Luka, though tbf the problem has always been nephew Luka
Who fucking cares dude
It's more efficient this way.
I love how suns fans will somehow think this evens out how we totally embarrassed yall last playoffs.
Love this part of the season
A win’s a win.
I was really worried he'd run out of people to sub out. When the garbage time players are not garbage enough for this tank job.
Yeah if you missed all the previous signs.
Javale hit a 3 and they were like "nah we got to stop all this silly shit".
Matisse Thybulle will be the highest scorer on the Blazers.
Dude, Morris had 13 points in 8 minutes and Javale was 4/4 in 7 minutes. Gtfo here son.
[removed]
Even when it's not an image, Sim delivers.
This whole thing is a relief for you guys despite the KD/Kyrie era failing big time
"11 is double 1. Twice as much 1. Checkmate normies. #alwaystheplan"
Play offs? Offs? Like what does that mean? What is an off?  I dont like the mentality of off. we want to be on. And I want to play on because it allows us to showcase our talent and I think that is what it's all about.
From the Book of Kyrie
A11Even much love
You look at who runs the seed industry and the shady backroom deals with “Big Playoff Bracket” becomes evident.  Go read “Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing” and then come tell me “Bow Down” by Westside Connection shouldn’ta went platinum.  Its written in the stars.
They traded DFS
Before this season I was SURE they were going to try to pick up Rudy Gobert
I think Rudy and Luka wouldn't have missed the playoffs
Kyrie is not a problem  He's been very solid for them
And for Boston, he's the reason the number 11 will never be worn for the Celtics again.
also his life path number. don’t really know what it means but it’s a sign 👁️
Mavs fans don't have to either!
Nah, dude was coaching his arse off to ensure the tank.
[Jason Kidd this season:](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FrWdEAwaMAELQx7.jpg)
Just zeroing in, a few more and they be would have hit it.
Some YMCA offense
Even if the goal was to touch the rim they would had failed.
Battleship approach!!
And it's art
Lol y'all got one of the Russian tanks with a Garmin as the gsp.
I don't think I'll ever hate that team.
It happens to every team in sports😂
Kings are definitely the 2012/2013 warriors rn
Just a quick tip to keeping public opinion on your side kings... Don't pull a Browns n trade for a guy that has over 20 sexual assault allegations against him
They'll get swept and back to the stupidly high rented basement they came from. The beam is a fraud
Totally worth it.
I can happen to you cuz it happened to me .. and T
Yep, from a Chiefs fan -- you're everyone's darling when you might beat Brady... go to a couple SBs and suddenly you're the damn Galactic Empire.
Oh don't worry we'll be hated when the fanbase of the team we play in the playoffs start crying that we are being obnoxious.
The team doesn't have to be too good. The fanbase just has to be annoying enough. Speaking from personal experience.
To be fair, trey Lyles seems to be the only unlikeable dude on the roster (so far).
First they gotta get some stops for that
Light the beam and give them the spotlight!
Hey don't diss on Kings legend Marvin Bagley like that, kidding aside, there would be a reality where the Kings might've pissed away Luka's playoff chances had he gone there and not have gotten the really solid team you guys have rn
No need to draft Luka when we were perfectly capable of missing the playoffs without him /s
You should’ve seen our subreddit around that time. Everyone, and I mean everyone, in the Kings subreddit wanted Luka  Then we picked Bagley, and the subreddit was not having it
About 5 years. Since 2018
A lot of small market teams fans are gonna dislike California more than they like a plucky underdog from.... The capitol of the 4th largest economy in the world.
Light the beam!!
Nah that would only strengthen this take lol
The hardest road, also Vlades plan from the beginning.
Back off my Block Panther
Luka is a BBW (big beautiful whiner)
Purgatory hell has welcomed the Mavs in with the Pacers and Magic in exchange for the Kings
Wait that’s how it works?
Hopefully , this is one of the most embarrassing god damn moves I’ve ever seen honestly. Like tanking teams are tanking teams, everyone knows they suck and they try to suck even more for draft capital. The god damn Mavs had a chance and threw in the towel.  What an embarrassing ass franchise.
Kyrie did his job then
Not sure if its considered as Karma but yeah thats hilarious
Add two more syllables to the middle and you got yourself a solid haiku
Just one more slog and I’ll be free of basketball for the next 5 months.
Fuck yeah they're in this with us
They gave up tonight.  When they made the trade for Kyrie - knowing you can't trust his word on resigning - they committed to fighting until tbe bitter end this season... or so we thought.
They made the conference finals last season so that’s not really a legitimate statement.
Fuck Kyrie
Fuck Kyrie
Insert chapelle as prince.gif
Joined a 5th seed - to finish 11th. GOAT shit.
What having the only player in the NBA does to a franchise. 🥲
And the Mavs were 4th when he got there 😂😂😂
And stans still won't hold KY accountable for the myriad of failures he's had throughout his career. Guys a God in his head but L after L man at what point do we say losing it just who you are?
But look at the *STATS*, man!  /s
Buddy of mine is a Celtics fan, he hated when he came to the team, and he loves watching this play out every time since he left.
Complicated I imagine
And having Jason Kidd on the sideline as a spectator
100%. And Kleber. They both are a huge reason we tanked the season - they have virtually zero defense in the paint and once the other teams figured it out, it was game over.
Mark Cuban
Nah he was the starter on the WCF team last season
I would say it’s coaching
He also happens to be one of the luckiest billionaires ever. Look up "luckiest billionaire of all time" on YouTube and all you get is a whole bunch of Mark Cuban videos
Nah people had the mavs making a deep playoff run and putting up a fight with the suns somehow
Here for history as well. All 3 Texas teams out of playoffs lol
Not just tanking, but tanking WITH a shot to make the play-in. Just embarrasing.
Not for long. Luka is gone.
An unprotected first is pretty high value. And DFS is the exact type of player they should be pairing with Luka.
happy for you all
i’m waiting for it tbh
We probably will lmao we looked so gassed yesterday against Utah there’s no chance our top 4 plays more than 25 minutes each
We're locked in 10th so we might as well rest everyone
it's actually not though, seriously this front office is significantly different from what we've had in the best, i really don't think they would have drafted knox or at least would have had a better plan for him  look at the type of players they've drafted since perrin came here, really i think mikal or sga would have been the pick based on the profiles they've drafted
Not really insults when both of them have been much better than Knox this year lol
That's Spurs legend Romeo Langford to you
and KD. Mikal and picks is nice for an aging star
Not Kidd's fault that they shot themselves out of the game, you need to know better in a game like this
Meanwhile Reggie Bullock played 30 min
We're running it back right now🔥 🔥 🔥
I see your point, but this just feels more significant though. I mean… cmon. Luka plays 12 mins then changes into sweats when you can still make the playoffs…
Mavs had Kyrie and Luka, Blazers team was trash as hell
Tanking one game when you're one game away from potentially being in the playoffs is next-level though
The tanking exhibited in the 4th quarter is unparalleled. Taking out Morris, McGee, and Hardy and playing with all guard lineups with 2 g leaguers.
Just wait till Luka leaves
No man, even tanking has its own etiquette. It should be done naturally. What mavs did during the game was very forced.
Inshallah you will get the 11th pick, Luka will leave and you will be stuck with Cuban. Your franchise is a shithole and without the absolute grace of dirk’s ring, they’d invent relegation just so they could dump your ass to the g league
Thanks I’m saving that
to the jpeg folder it goes
With great haste 😂
Absolutely 😂
theyre ass too, you want an ass award as well?
They’re ass anyways. Mavs legitimately could’ve made the playoffs still
Honestly we could've played Dame and still lock in a nice lottery pick with how dogshit Chauncey and the roster is.  But then again Chauncey is a tank mastermind and I'm grateful for his contribution to the franchise
LBJ dragged some *trash* Cavs teams much much further than this.
Back when Luka was learning his ABC’s
Bringing up the past to defend the present...sounds like something a Lakers fan would do.
Does a western conference finals title not count?  Because if team A has 3x WCF over team B in the past 10 years, is team A not better in that time span? It’s still a post season accomplishment.
The legacy from that title lives on in 2023. Cuban is still the owner. And Kidd is your coach for the next three years. Lol
After he vowed to play as long as their hopes are up.  I mean he did play so I guess he found a loophole
Bulls are beatable in that game. Should've at least given it a try.
Why would you make the play ins to get shit on?
This team isn't last year's team though, not by a long shot.  Like obviously it sucks, but at this point I'd much rather have a ~60% shot at the 10th pick than watch this sorry ass roster give up 150 points to the wolves in the play in game.
Boy he has a Rockets flair
The mavs season was cooked as soon as they lost brunson. Then they lost defense for kyrie. Obviously the front office is a joke but choosing between a playin spot that you're obviously going to lose or a top 10 pick in a loaded draft is an easy choice. Again a guy like taylor Hendricks would fix the teams issues automatically. Kyrie leaves you can draft cason wallace aka jrue holiday jr. Gradey dick falls to 10 you got klay shooting with better off ball movement and potential on defense. Nick Smith jr is a great gamble. The mavs fucked up by not tanking hard enough when they drafted luka.
22% chance it still happens, no?
Fr
Honestly i can't wait to see them choke in the playoffs again would have been great if it turns out to be the lakers that will elimate them in the playoffs
Good luck finding someone with the assets to trade for him
**DRANK**
Me
What’s really funny is that another team will do it to them this year
I mean this is definitely more embarrassing than losing in a playoffs series imo
got secure that pick, Knicks fans not happy
I lowkey think Kidd is gonna get fired, but Cuban assured him of his job so they could tank
Bucks fans furiously warned
He waiting for them to give him his max
He's keeping quiet to guarantee his money. Once he gets that, give it a few months then he will probably end up in another controversy before demanding a trade.
Pretty sure there have been more stages than 2 at this point...
Gotta be on his best behavior before he gets paid
Mild disappointment? We went from WCF without him, in a playoff position before he got here and a month and a half later tanking. I can’t imagine what stage 3 looks like. This has been the most disappointing season I can remember.
He did retweet some anti-Semitic stuff, which unfortunately for us, is a minimum for him.
It failed miserably but at least we have the memories of KD playing on our team.  The sweetest joy is in knowing we’re perfectly fine while Kyrie just threw any hope at a respectable nba future out the window because he felt disrespected that an nba team might consider not maxing him after he ruined every chance they had at a championship
First part of the trifecta is complete. Getting 2 games from Philly then them losing in round 2 is next.
What is better than 1st place? 2x 1 places joined together as a 1 1 place
Terrence Howard has joined the discussion.
And Spencer. And a 1st and 2 2nds.
The deal to get him was a pretty big problem
He was a subtraction by addition
Did he make the team better? No. So maybe those assets could've been used better?
Kyrie isn’t the problem here but the trade still is. It was dumb to trade any remaining assets for a player who doesn’t exactly mesh well with luka and is an expiring contract and is a headcase  He played well but still very dumb trade
Kyrie was not the problem.  The assets it took to get Kyrie, which fucked up team chemistry and defense was the problem.  And if they have to pay him 50 mil a year going forward, he will soon become a problem.
You expect too much from r/nba
The fact that Kyrie has been playing well on offense doesn't change the other fact that the Mavs traded away what little depth they had for him after letting Brunson go. You can't expect Kyrie to replace that, especially not considering he isn't exactly a two-way player. We might be having a different conversation had they traded for someone like Mikal Bridges, but even with a top tier two-way player they'd probably be in trouble.
S-tier Tank Commander.  Stank Commander for short
Triangulating.
More like fuck it chuck it 2k
what if they commit genocide one day?
Except the Hornets obviously
Uhhh, the Detroit Lions
How are the Spurs doing this year? Don't think I've seen any news regarding them this season, so must be going well!
I’m living vicariously through Kings fans at this point.
We would also still have the same front office from back then 💀
I wonder what happened 5 years ago that changed the course of both franchises forever?
Yeah thats the spiciest outcome
I think we need 3
Rangers should be at least fun to watch. More than I can say for the Mavs.
Thank you all for the sacrifice. Luka a God idk where you guys go from here tho
that game is gonna be incredible, who can lose harder
I would have rather they played to win, but they had a small chance of making the play-in. Grizzlies we’re going to rest their guys, so the Thunder had a great chance to win. The Bulls were 10th in the lottery odds, so it’s an even bigger game to lose. And they wouldn’t have tanked if they owned their pick outright.  Lots of things had to happen to for the Mavs to tank tonight and they all did. The issue was the previous 80 games, not tonight.
Fuck Kyrie
Kyrie speed running at destroying franchises
Kleber played like 25 games lol  He is one of the reasons we missed the play-in…because he missed most of the season
Maxi is our best defender other than maybe Josh rn, if we had him the full season we’d be in playoffs. Pretty sure he played less games than Kyrie tho
The coaching is bad. They also have the options of Powell or super washed Javale at center. I don't think anyone is gonna be successful for long with that.
You don't use *checks notes* Broadcast.com everyday?
No. Everyone said Kyrie would blow this team up or they can't stop anyone.
Faded the whole state
I'm 2/3rds content
First time since we've had three teams in the state, yes?
Goddamn, lemme get in the-moment-in-history thread as well.
Wow, I just realized. When was the last time this happened?
Shit feeling good brother!
And it’s Memphis who seemingly play better when their stars are out lmao
Freshen up to knock out the wolves pls
It took people until halfway through this year, Monte's I believe fourth year in the role, for people to realize Vlade was gone and we aren't the Kangz anymore.   Keep letting your man move in silence. Your time will come.
No kidding. I mean, Suns actually have a good record with KD (in the 8 or so games he's played with us), but man, we all still miss Bridges and Cam Johnson. They're so endearing though that we're happy for them. Bridges is an all star-he deserves more opportunity to show what he can do and he's getting it in Brooklyn. Brooklyn really learned their lesson after all the other trades they made. Developing players into better versions of themselves and building a whole team is so much wiser than throwing everything at some diva superstar just because he wants to come to your team.   That being said, we're glad to have KD. For the next 100 games or so before the team completely falls apart again and we're back to Book and a bunch bums.
Cam Johnson has been balling lately as well.
it’s so anti competitive. I’d be embarrassed
Quantum Tanking
The Raptors lineup the last few games in 2020-2021 when they were tanking for a chance at a top lottery pick when they got Scottie:  Malachi Flynn  Stanley Johson  DeAndre Bembry  Khem Birch  Fred Gillespie  Khem Birch  They literally only played 6 dudes the last game of the season.  It sucks that our season came to this, but all these fans with holier than thou attitudes are not acknowledging all the times their teams did the same thing.
>thedr0ughts  Lollllll at the Knicks fan calling us a poverty franchise.  Enjoy your second playoff appearance in 10 years.    The total garbage put forth by your team when it's actually trying is hilarious.
Where’s the Suns banner?
dude was responding to someone talking about franchise history.... with franchise history....
Lol, we had one bad half of a season.  Y'all won 60+ games last year and got humiliated so bad your team had to apologize to its fans.  And THEN had to depend on KD being bitch-made again just to get back in contention this year.
Or a cowboys fan
LMFAO WCF CHIP HAHAHAHAHAHA
He “played” but not really and he was sitting on the sidelines laughing when they were down 5. He’s not the competitor I thought he was and I live here in DFW so pretty disappointed. Hope we trade him and Kyrie for someone who actually cares
I wasn't able to watch the game. Why did Luca only play 13 minutes? Did he get injured?
Ok. I don’t Mavs like a hawk. But the main difference is a lack of Brunson correct (pre Kyrie)? And they were 5th before the trade.  Did he make that big of a difference?
No Rookie outside of Wemby is fixing this team automatically
Fingers crossed
Do you think he wants to stay with the Mavs? If Kevin Durant got traded to the Suns, pretty sure they could find something for luka
What??   If you have aspirations for more yeah it’s a little bit embarrassing for Mavs fans, BUT not the way the Suns lost though, that was peak entertainment nothing is more embarrassing than that game 7 (except the Clippers in the bubble in THAT series)   You crazy
Any Jason Kidd coached team cannot be taken seriously
Texans, take notes
Now that my contract is guaranteed and in the 8 figure range I’m gonna get *racist*
His Player Tribune article on staying in Dallas will have 2 paragraphs on how he believes Alex Jones is being unfairly prosecuted for spreading truths.
You got Bridges out of all of this. He's not KD but dude is special.
Plus KD keeps saying good things about the Nets. We'll get to watch another super star on this team again soon.
how many picks you got rn anyway
Spencer's low-key been leading the league in assists over the past 30 days
As someone who was a Jazz fan until this off-season and had to listen to the absolute disrespect Mavs fans leveled at Donovan Mitchell last year while clearly not understanding the roleplayers and defenders they had which allowed their boy to thrive, watching that trade and then this result is so overwhelmingly satisfying.
Brunson leaving was subtraction by subtraction
Wait so was trading him the right move? OP isnt blaming Kyrie here he’s just saying that they traded necessary pieces for someone that’s redundant
Kyries a problem when he up and leaves.
Not really.  There's lots of players who would play just fine but trading all your depth for them would be a really bad idea
Kyrie  bad 😭😭😭  Updoots to the left
Can it wait a bit? I'm in the middle of some calibrations.
recaulating recalculating recalculating
They’d be the Sacrificial Kings  Honestly a legitimate metal band name
I'm pulling for the Lions this year, they've got some magic.
Yeah we're doing alright. Hopefully we'll get this high draft pick and not draft whoever Marvin Bagley is in this scenario like the Kings would do
Wait so logic would suggest you tank the game, since you have playoffs   Then you have a 50/50 chance at the pick anyways. No?
Appreciate you laying it out. I didn't realize they had the same record as the Bulls. Ones and zeros, they made the right call. Didn't show much guts.  Do you think Luka lobbied to play at least a quarter in front of the Slovenian crowd? I think Luka may have disagreed with the tank, which could be a strategic mistake by management.
This is the way.
Fuck Kyrie.
FUCK KYRIE
Fuck Kyrie
Fuckeyerie
Fuck Kyrie... but thanks for the shot 😅
Correct
You know what, same here.
First time ever
Alright, let's dial it back a bit. We're not *that* friendly.
Everyone involved should be given a lifetime ban from the NBA.  I’m completely serious.
I think less of my team for tanking and we're awful lol
A real black eye of the league, I'd say.
You have two generational talents and you’re still dogshit.  Your owner covered up sexual abuse allegations. Your owner let Brunson go, who led us to the playoffs, your owner traded for porzingis and then traded him away. Traded for Allen ivermectin and y’all suck lmao what a trash organization
*Cue that one image from the Simpsons of a group of guys watching 2 monkeys fight*
Where's your ring? I'd love to see it.
Taking that comment literally is insane behavior, enjoy a playoff-less summer!
Yeah but we are in the playoffs and you aren't lmao
go back to the mavs sub to cry and complain please
Your team should probably be apologizing to all those poor Slovenians who made the trip to the USA just to watch this shit lol 😂😂
Not trolling, I’m legit curious. Why does no one place as much weight on WCF and ECF titles? It’s not as sexy the finals chip but when comparing teams it is a post season accomplishment, no?
He was LAUGHING? Ban him from.the fucking city
Automatically is a strong word but he fixes a lot of their issues. A 4 who can guard 1-5, can block shots without getting into foul trouble,  crash boards and can hit 3s at a great clip. He might be out of range but he's going to improve whatever team drafts him. The mavs should do whatever to move up and draft him.
As long as the jumping team is in the East.  Don’t want to see Wembanyama in the West.  Lol
Luka is only 24 so if you trade for him you're literally getting prime luka for 4 years.  We had one down year, we made the western conference finals last year.
Are you kidding?
“I’m gonna inexplicably start hating the… *spins wheel*… Kurds. I will not be taking further questions at this time.”
It's a smart move for us
By the way, I don’t know how y’all feel about gay people down here in Texas, but I have some opinions…
He already deleted his apology the moment he landed in dallas. Bro is preparing any mins now
Now if you'll excuse, I have to go refill Bucknasty's momma's water dish.
Former Nets great Jason Kidd imparted that wisdom to him during his time in Dallas through his excellent coaching abilities
My credit card debt is addition by addition
I mean he's a pretty shitty human. Why wouldnt we give him shit whenever possible?
How do you have this much resentment towards the Kings of all franchises lmao
Yes
He 100% only played for the Slovenians. I think he should have played the full game for that reason alone. Luka is probably upset with the team no matter what though
This is the Way
Fyuck Kyrie
Sup y'all
😭😭😭 you right my guy you right, didn’t even notice a Boston flair till now
I think the owner should pay the price and be forced to sell the team
[https://www.nydailynews.com/sports/basketball/knicks/ny-msg-sexual-harassment-isiah-thomas-anucha-browne-sanders-20200503-ripf54itz5c6dlo6wuduljqu34-story.html](https://www.nydailynews.com/sports/basketball/knicks/ny-msg-sexual-harassment-isiah-thomas-anucha-browne-sanders-20200503-ripf54itz5c6dlo6wuduljqu34-story.html)  &#x200B;  [https://www.basketballnetwork.net/off-the-court/isiah-thomas-explains-how-stephon-marburys-affair-with-an-intern-was-the-reason-he-was-charged-with-a-lawsuit](https://www.basketballnetwork.net/off-the-court/isiah-thomas-explains-how-stephon-marburys-affair-with-an-intern-was-the-reason-he-was-charged-with-a-lawsuit)  &#x200B;  Lol, I can do this all day.  Knicks are a dumpster fire of shit and you thinking they're not is what makes the schadenfreude of y'all losing even more hilarious.  Looking forward to y'all storming the streets after winning one playoff game again this season.
Just tired of Suns fans thinking their team has a better history than the Mavs because they’re salty about one playoff series.
whats sad is that you're further proving how bad last year was by being so petty
really had some pent up feelings for the last 11 months huh
Yes, playing in the finals would be something Book and CP3 have experienced, and something Luka has not. It counts.
Everyone only remembers the ring tbh
Laughing while they’re getting eliminated from the playoffs instead of begging coach to put him in. I know you’re being facetious but he’s not a winner at heart and I’m praying we trade his sorry ass
Nope he’s at best average coach. His style of coaching is outdated and the teams he coaches usually have a talent to bypass him.  He’s like Doc Rivers if Doc was completely asleep at the wheel
[Kyrie and Cuban after](https://i.imgur.com/VVglj6k.jpg)
NOOOO HE'S PLAYING GOOD AND DONATES SOME OF HIS MILLIONS THEREFORE HE'S NOT ANTI-SEMITIC!!!!
That's why you treat Jaylen the same way, right? For retweeting vaccine misinformation?  News flash, athletes are smart as bricks. Doesn't mean you have to circlejerk every time you see their name.
You don't have to shit on him for things he's not the sole reason for  It's called being objective?
He's actually probably done more to help people than you ever will
nah, there's a list of shitty athletes and he's not even on that list. I mean jon jones literallly exist
I have no idea lol
Agreed, I wish he played the whole game and Kidd just kept benching anyone else who made a basket.
This is the way
Daniel Snyder should be coming into a lot of cash soon...
Nah that would be anti-capitalism, simply remove the pick protections and call it a day
We’re in the playoffs though? You’re crying for the 10th pick lmfao.   What an absolute shitshow. Your franchise is pathetic and Luka will leave.  You’d be salivating to be where the Knicks are. Your owner fumbled Brunson and he’s fumbling Luka. How embarrassing. Lmao
Only one that’s salty in here is you
it’s your turn to get shit-talked all off-season.  it’s only fair. just take it on the chin. you guys have a chip. we don’t. you guys were talking insane trash to us for almost a calendar year, and now the mavs aren’t even in the PLAY IN. y’all earned this.
Log off, buddy. You guys spammed that Luka picture in our faces for a year straight. This is fucking hysterical.
Ya’ll just gave up on a chance at the playoffs because you knew you’d get smoked. Take your L and move on.
What’s sad is that you think suns fans care about the opinions of Lakers fans
You seem the think suns fans don’t have a right to throw back all that trash talk Dallas fans have given us since the last playoffs. Why?
Yes, not even gunna lie.
I very much disagree with that
Same player that everyone on the mavs went to when he was signing his super max he’s not going anywhere 😭
Good one you almost sounded like a Mavericks fan until this comment, obvious troll
Call the league office and ask for permission to make a trade. Fuck it, release him. I never wanna see that losers face again, costing us the PLAYOFFS and thus another title.
I was making a pun lol
So Nate?
If he was even capable of being average on a good night we would not be tanking.
So doc rivers up 3-1 but all the time
[removed]
Correct. Fucking hate Jaylen Brown, too.
If I had as much money as Kyrie did, I would be capable of helping as many people as he has, and I also wouldn't be an antisemite. Rich people can always 'do more' to help people than joe schmoe, they have all the money in the world to spend on other people.
And that excuses him from being an anti-Semitic conspiracy theorist?
After watching Beef (the Netflix show) I’ve realized having hate in your heart only hurts your own happiness
I rather have a terrorist organization fund my Mavs then Dan Snyder
Lol, yeah enjoy that lineup of Brunson, Randle, Barrett. You're winning the title for sure, sport!
That sucks. As long as he’s the “leader” of this team were not going anywhere except early vacation. We need a real competitor. I’d rather have CP3 or even Alonzo ball, Caruso, Thiannis Antetekumpbo, Devon Booker. All those players are competitive and don’t quit unlike (L)uka
I promise you I am. Lived in DFW my whole life and been to plenty of games. This dudes attitude isn’t what we need. Think Dirk would’ve sat the game out laughing on the bench when the seasons on the line? Hell no. Trade him just like we trashed Rondo for quitting on us, Luka has done the same. There’s no coming back from this
Exactly. I’d rather have his son on our team instead of this punk who only plays for the money. He’s got that Rondo attitude but just a tid bit more talented so why give him a pass?
Nice try, Kidd.
Should’ve known you’d be Kidding around smh
Your fellow Mavs flair and the front office say this is the best possible option currently  Personally I think that’s pathetic and shows a lack of heart from top to bottom but I’m just a fan
Wrong. Please actually understand situations before you mouth off.
Oh you mean Kyrie-lite?
Introducing the Dallas Martyrs!
Lol enjoy that lineup of Irving, doncic and no one? Lmao you’ll win that 1st pick for sure, clown.
Let's just play a game and say hypothetically what that commenter said was 100% true and required no additional context.   Not wanting people living near you is not equivalent to what Kyrie has said and done.
Lol, you mean the guy who's about to be 4 time 1st team All-NBA and the other perennial All-Star?  Thanks, I will.  We knew when we made the trade that we'd be building around them for the long term.  Enjoy that Barrett/Randle pick and roll, sport!
From the past 3 seasons, the play - in has been a massive success in generating views, revenue, and anti - tanking measure as now the late season regular games matter.
If you lose to a 9th or 10th seed in the play in, were you really a playoff team?
It is very rare for a "real playoff team" in the 7th and 8th seed. The ones that are won't lose in the play in  Especially since if you are a 7th or 8th seed you get 2 chances to make it
After some early pushback against the idea, the Play-In’s turned out to be pretty damn successful for generating viewership and overall excitement for the end stages of the RS. The extra knockout games they play also make for some high drama that they can plaster on national TV.
The play-in makes the league more money. Moreover, I believe that the 1-6th seeds are happy to get sort of bye-week due to the play-in tournament.
I said this in another thread, but:  1. Play-in gives more incentives for teams at lower seeds (9-12 for example) to play harder until the finish line. Young teams (like Thunder in the West rn) especially will seek to make a noise in the play-in and get more playoffs experience, rather than outright tanking for a higher draft pick. Mavs this year was a rare exception because they have incentive to tank and keep their pick.  2. It provides more advantages for 1 and 2 seeds. They will get to face even more tired opponents in the first round because their opponent had to go through the play-in. In a similar sense, 5-8 seeds will have more incentives to play harder, so that they can avoid 7-8 seed and thus being in the play-in (which is where we are unfortunately).  3. It gives playoff teams (1-6 seeds) extra time to rest and brace themselves before entering the playoffs. The fans of those teams will also be given something to watch while their teams rest for playoffs.  Adam Silver has done things that I really dislike (putting ad patches over the uniform, promoting sports betting, etc), but implementing a play-in tourney was a massive success. And I’m saying this as a fan of the Heat who are heading to a play-in as a 7 seed, which is the worse case possible lol
So you don't even know how it works? 9th and 10th seed have to win 2 games in order to knock out a 7th or 8th seed, and 7th 8th need to lose 2.
it was voted and approved by the commissioner, Adam Silver, and the 30 NBA teams. if there is enough complaint, they can vote to remove the tournament. personally, i like it because it gives more drama to the end of the season.   also, 7th and 8th seeds are almost always swept or close to it by the 1st and 2nd seeds. doesn't make much of a difference imo
The NBA would never do it but honestly the best fix is less playoff teams - not more.  7 and 8 seeds don’t win in the playoffs enough as it is so adding a 9th and 10th just for drama/tv ratings is completely unnecessary.   They could do top 6 from each conference or top 12 from the entire nba and get rid of the conferences and I think that’d be excellent.
It’s here to stay most likely. Because more games = more money. And that’s all there is to it.
Indubitably.
I kinda like it, but personally, I wish it was like the 7th is safe, but the ninth and tenth seed play for a chance to play the 8th for their spot. So the bracket would be 9v10 and winner plays 8th and the winner of that gets in.
It does nothing for tanking (we literally just saw DAL tank their way out of it), the other 2 are the reasons
Bruh the games still on lol
so? they tanked clearly
You do realize the mavs were trying to lose right? They played Luka for a little because it was Slovenian night, that’s the only reason.
All they care about is that pick now.     Wonder how Luka *really* feels about this.
>Not sure what Kidd and Cuban thought would happen           This is exactly what they thought would happen lol, they were blatantly tanking the game
ok
Yep there's like no reason not to play Luka.
*then*  How 2011-2012?
Okay, okay… We get it lol
2011-12 wasn’t a full season and both the hose teams were in a pace for 60+ wins.
ah just realized my error, thanks!
If all NBA was for the second half of the season yes   He will get 1st team all defense and probably DPOY  If he plays like this next year he will get at least 3rd team no question
Unreal. Can’t wait to see him in the playoffs
I think all Grizzlies fans are in agreement that the ceiling of this team is reliant on what Jaren puts on the floor. When he is on he looks like our best player and that's from someone who loves Ja (off court scandals aside)
Give JJJ 3rd team all NBA cowards
The Grizzlies ceiling.
He was amazing against my Pels. I honestly didn’t know much about him until the other night. Bright future
The walking mismatch 🦄🦄🦄 DPOY
Dude realized he can score from anywhere. He just needs to realize he's huge. Future 25/10 DPOY that shoot 3s. Bigs nowadays are just unfair.
I wish this man was on my team. Hell of a player and he's only 23.
His offense is misunderstood.
Cuban about to file a protest to remove the Suns game where Luka got hurt 1 minute in.
If he doesn’t win MVP this sub will implode
MVP and two scoring titles. Hall of fame shit
Embiid will also likely finish at 33.1 PPG, which would be the 10th highest scoring season in history by a center, the highest in almost 50 years since Bob McAdoo in 74/75, and just behind Wilt Chamberlain's 65/66 season. Kareem Adbul-Jabbar only has one season averaging more PPG than Joel Embiid this season.  How's that for some fucking narratives.
MVP and 2 scoring titles, if he doesn’t make it to ECF minimum this season then he’s gonna get clowned on so hard
Scoring title and all nba level defense is easy MVP. Idgaf what the shnorps, vorps, raptors, and triceratops say
That’s my foul merchant
Let Luka go out and try to score 79 on Sunday a la David Robinson on the last game of the year.
MVP
Bob McAdoo is Joel Embiid father  But srsly, Embiid has been crazy this season
That’s my foul baiter
I Ugh I wish he could just try to assist more instead of scoring
Guaranteed first ballot Hall of Famer, even if he were to retire immediately after this season.
Welcome to the Hall of Fame, Joel
That old scoring title trophy was so dope. The new ones are way worse.
Dudes efficient 7' Kobe.
Crazy expectations this post season   Finals minimum
We can fit so many ox-power in our center.
Historic scoring peak
Dude. This is random but for so many years, I always pictured Bob McAdoo when I hear Austin Carr (Cavs commentator) say "Throw that hamma down!".
>Embiid will become the first center to win back-to-back scoring titles since Bob McAdoo did it three straight seasons (1974-76).  McAdoo never made it past the second round those three seasons, and was eliminated by the Celtics twice in that span. Solid comp.
Scoring **average** title
Tatum has more total points.
Luka gifted scoring title to embiid
They should announce the MVP during the second round. It at least it will take some of the sting out of watching Giannis and Tatum battle in the ECF when Embiid gets to watch it with his MVP trophy.
Imagine being able to *average* 32 points over the course of a season in the National Basketball Association
Clippers legend. McAdoo is underrated and underappreciated.
Wow, since Bob McAdoo?!?
MVP
Agreed  We don’t understand how he’s so good at hitting shots at his size
Kinda worried he may not, seems like a lot of mvp voters are saying embiid will win, but still voting for Jokic or Giannis.
\*\*\*the sixers sub will implode
Yep we will
Whoever’s been doing the astroturfing job paying money for all the upvotes and awards on every post about him will probably jump off a bridge if he doesn’t win mvp
It took 5 years of processing and 4 big men but the Sixes finally got their Center
Bro it may be kinda silly and superfluous but it means so goddam much to me. AI’s ‘01 MVP is the whole reason I got into basketball. Absolutely love Embiid’s story and character and he’s easily become my favorite player of all time. So damn glad he’s gonna get at least 1.
[removed]
A better way to say that is he has the highest-scoring season for a center in modern-day basketball. BY FAR.
Aren’t the Bucks and Celtics both seen as better teams? I understand he’ll get clowned but I kind of think it’s expected that the sixers will be bounced in round 2. The loss just can’t be embarrassing
He’s not even expected to do that tho, let’s be honest. Celtics are favorites over the Sixers.
I mean I don't think anyone thinks the Sixers should be ahead of bucks and celtics. If either of those teams don't make the ECF that's a melt down.
U made it lame. Shoulda just went with RAPTORCUM
#The Real MVP
He's a master at it  Disclaimer/Edit: this is not an actual commentary on his play style
I agree, no one is predicting it because we haven't gotten past the second round, but anything short of the finals is a huge disappointment and will result in a lot of changes
Lets start with winning in the 2nd round first lol
Then they continue the philly finals loss tradition lmao
God I hope he can take out the celtics
Eh ecf at most I’d say
You’re being downvoted but on a real note I personally don’t understand why it doesn’t go by total points.
Nobody give a shit about total points.  The only metric that could arguably be looked at over ppg is per 36 with control for a minimum number of minutes played.
True, he has 42 more points on 6 more games played.  But it's done by avg and not total.  In theory, if Joel played 6 more games and hit his average, he would be 157 points ahead of Tatum. Shooting a 58.4% vs Tatum's 46.5%, from the field.
It’s almost ox-like
The amount of go to moves he has is insane. I think he has the best footwork and coordination for a big in the league.
He’s a pro foul baiter
what makes you say that
Joel is getting it. No way he doesn’t
Lol why does this narrative only apply to Embiid posts? I never see this shit upvoted on Jokic posts
They processed for less than three seasons before Hinkie got canned and have made the playoffs six straight years.  Acting like they were tanking for Paolo, get a new slant!
True he wouldn’t have as many points if you take away some of his points
lmfaoooooo good one
😂😂😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣 FUNNINEST RATIO LFG BABY BRUHHHH 😂😂😂😂🤣😂🤣
In you remove all of Patrick Mahomes’ good games he‘s an average QB
I kind of like highest in nearly 50 years. When it's the highest since well before most of the people here were born, that should put some perspective on how insane his season has been.   And on a TS of 65.5% too.  Insane volume and efficiency.
Yea Celtics and Bucks are definitely favored and the 76ers are honestly just unlucky that they’re the 3rd best team in the league, but the top 2 teams are both in the same conference as them. I think the only problem is that history will remove context so all people will see 50 years from now is him failing to make the ECF if he doesn’t make it there
If he doesn't make it to the ECF this season they clowning will have to do as much with the fact that it is his 6th full NBA season and the 9th since he was drafted and he still would not have made a conference final.
NBA media is pretty toxic, they started going after Giannis after just a couple of seasons of MVP play without a ring. If ya'll lose in the second round there's going to be a bunch of idiotic Embiid takes in the offseason.
Then maybe just maybe the MVP should be the best player on the best team when they are actually worthy of MVP.
Another 2nd round exit would be clowned on pretty hard
I would trade mvp for progressing past the 2nd rd vs the Celtics. That would be cathartic. Unfortunately that’s not very realistic lol
RAPTORCUM is the best advanced stat, no dino.
#IS GIANNIS
Bruh Maxey and Tobi combined for 11 points in a game without Jaylen Brown or Rob Will. Unless Embiid goes God mode were going out in 6 max. Now if by some miracle we beat Boston then the expectation will be to beat Milwaukee.
I'd take a 10 win run. That's multiple wins in the Conference Finals. The Sixers have gotten out of the 2nd round once since 1985.
I think the Sixers can beat any team in the league not named Boston lol   Which is a testament to how great they’ve been but also presents an extremely tough 2nd round matchup
I would off myself
But why does no one care about total points? It’s not like some bum would win scoring title if it was total points, it would still include the leagues best scorers
[nbadraft.net nailed it with Embiid's comp](https://www.nbadraft.net/players/joel-embiid/)
I prefer the term master baiter
He’s also never made it past the second round in his life
That seems to be what a few MVP voters are saying. All of them think Embiid will win the award... but they're all voting for someone else.
To motivate him.
cuz you see way less jokic posts in comparison to embiid posts
Less than three seasons?   2013 Noel 2014 Embiid 2015 Okafor 2016 Ben 2017 Fultz  That’s 5 drafts in a row picking 6th or higher
Embiid is an average center if you reduce his stats to the average.
The only way the clowning will be justified is if he plays like shit and the sixers get curb stomped. If we lose in 6 or 7 it’ll be all good as far as I’m concerned
Nah
Embiid: Oh fuck what the fuck. I’m not even supposed to be here. I hope I don’t jack off
emphasis on a few
Now. Not earlier
16 and 17 weren’t the process. kind of like how the suns weren’t tanking and were just garbage.
I know basketball is a team game but it’s still a bad look if Embiid is nearing 30 and still hasn’t made it past the 2nd round especially now having spent a season gelling with Harden too
yeah
Besides stephen a smith, haven't heard many others say it otherwise.
Mainly makes me fucking depressed with the franchise  I know that man is good enough to get past the 2nd, I don’t know if the FO is actually capable of building a team to do it though
I get it’s a bad look and history (and even people today) will remove context, but with context it doesn’t look near as bad
That albatross Tobias Harris contract is a big obstacle
That’s my DPOY
I know it was against the Bucks 3rd stringers, but dude has taken a massive leap offensively ever since Ja has been out. Now he’s back and he’s still putting up big numbers. Jersey boy too
JJJ has been on a fucking tear since Ja’s shit went on.   Ja took 8 shots tonight. JJJ peaking offensively while winning DPOY is honestly terrifying
Is it crazy to say that JJJ might have a higher ceiling than Ja? He’s already an amazing rim protector and his scoring ability has grown significantly this year it seems. Elite two way players are worth their weight in gold.
Jesus man lol
Future FMVP
hes my dpoy but thanasis is my dpoy
JJJ actualizing his potential has been so fun to watch, unbelievable 2 way player
JJJ has been insane lately, if they get Adams back for the playoffs I think the Grizzlies can contend no lie
Damn those 3’s
he's hitting his stride at the perfect time
TRIPLE J MAFIA
Top 15 player
He’s an AD regen. Baller.
Jaren Jackson Jutsu 🥷🏾
That good?
B10CK PANTH3R aka BLOCKboy J3 aka DPOY
DPOY for sure. You have to give it to the guy averaging like 3 BPG in less than 30mpg, thats fucking nuts. Dudes finally got his fouling under control this season and he's been fucking killing it.
Noice.
Surely he did this to DPOY rival Brook Lopez
I mean did y’all see who played for the Bucks and who was guarding JJJ?
Bro he was playing against g-leaguers
He does have a higher ceiling than Ja, the challenge is just reaching it.
A reminder that Jaren is younger than Ja too
Not crazy at all, and I'm still bitter about all the bitching of him being an all-star this year
No, it isnt crazy. Ja doesnt have the build to crossover to have a big man's game and get a lot of blocks and rebounds (althougg the occasional block that he does get tends to be spectacular). But Jaren has the handles, agility, and range to venture into the small man's game. He can play a ring role if necessary. Ja's consistent point production inside the paint is probably the extent of his crossover ability, unless he puts on some muscle that might infringe on his jumping height.
If he gains another 20-30lbs over the next couple years in muscle the dude is going to be a freak like Giannis.
Honestly he might already be better
Our big man rotation was Meyers Leonard and Thanasis Antetokounmpo and boy did JJJ take that personally
When’s that guy coming back man  Feel like he’s been out for 3 months   I thought the Grizzlies were gonna finish as the #1 seed but Ja being silly and Adams being out messed them up
/r/nba isn’t ready for that yet 🤫
Damn right
Why are bucks fans running this defense when the last time they played healthy and the Grizz were up 50 points in the 4th lmao
No but the hospital Bucks put up 72 on him in the first half.
Remember our last game?
See the part where I said since Ja left the team
He's been averaging 25ppg on 57/42 splits in his last 12 before tonight
Reminds me of the game Russ had against us without any bigs.
We will know today. Fingers crossed.
He was shooting around before the game today. New development after MRI yesterday afternoon
they will soon
On him? It was a fuck load of 3s. He roams the paint
Yep
It's 6am here and I can't read lol,my bad
Today? Really?  Fingers crossed
Literally no one is predicting the Grizzlies to do anything because of the Ja situation. They have to be the most overlooked 2 seed I've ever seen. Watch out
Turns out, they *were* fine in the west. Who knew
Pretty cool to see their franchise rebuild so effectively after the grit and grind era ended. From drafting to coaching, they’ve got it down to a T.
The Grizzlies are the team that will run away with it. They could've taken the 1 seed, but they lost several games experimenting.
At what cost though, hope Ja's hand is ok
Woo
Taylor Jenkins COTY. Sorry, Brown. We were told it’s a multi year award, and Jenkins has exceeded expectations the last two seasons.
Is this a good or a bad thing?
We're whooping tricks
Hope they’re ready for us
Yet another proof that Ja Morant is overacted, the team is way better without him
They’re scarier than denver I’ll say that  If anything they’re probably the favorites to win the west and the Ja stuff was overblown and anyone using that against them probably doesn’t like memphis anyway
Just how I likes it.
Good
The real test hasn't even started tbh. Playoffs are a different beast
Jenkins got robbed last year for Monty which means it’s Brown’s turn to get robbed while Jenkins wins
He exceeded expectations since joining us.   Nearly took us to play - offs in 2019 - 2020. Lost in a close play - in game against Blazers  We fought hard to win against Spurs, GSW in the play - in as the 9th seed. Then, took game 1 from Jazz and fought hard in the next 3 games.   Stormed to 2nd seed, adjusted hard and won in a well - fought series against Minny. Gave Warriors a hard time despite lacking a lot of players.  Despite all the drama, now we 2nd again.
He has earned it.
Good thing we play against pelicans or lakers(pelicans are winning)
We paid ~$150ea to be four rows from the very top the other day as season ticket pre-sale. We better be getting playoff fucking Lebron.
Hopefully the Pelicans can get past the Play-In and get Zion back
Or the team is built pretty well?
You obviously haven't watched their games.
Overacted?
Zion won't come back until next season maybe, if he stays healthy in the off season.
Cam Payne legacy game
KD vs Kawhi in Round 1 is good breakfast
Great. Now I have to watch Wolves/Pelicans like it's game 7.
I expect the Suns to rest their starters in the final game so the Clippers should win out their remaining games
Such a shame Suns gave Lakers a freebie tonight   Should’ve rested the starters last night and went hard tonight
Clippers 5, Warriors 6, Lakers 7, Pelicans 8
What if there is a 3 way tie between LAL, LAC, and NO
Ish gonna drop a 40 piece on our asses
Hopefully the first time since like 2015/2016 that they’ll both be healthy for the matchup   - 2017: Zaza stomps on Kawhis foot - 2019: KD hurts his Achilles
Not the first time that’s happened to a final regular season Wolves game.
As a Lakers fan, it’s not a freebie until the game ends
Imagine if Zion comes back against the Nuggets
If that were to happen, it would be, in order: Pels, Clippers, Lakers.
~~Pelicans lead the season series vs Clippers 3-0~~  ~~Clippers lead the season series vs Lakers 4-0~~  ~~Lakers lead the season series vs Pelicans 3-1~~  ~~So in a 3-way tie, the head to head records would be the Clippers at 4-3, Lakers at 3-5, Pelicans at 3-4.~~  ~~So it'd be Clippers, Pelicans, Lakers in that order.~~  Edit: Nvm
Technically possible if the Pelicans lose the 7/8 game and win the final play in game
This is the order I’m rooting for.  I think that combo is going to give us the best overall set of first round series in the West.
Not how it works per Zach lowe. He asked the NBA to clarify and they say pels get it
Nope, because Pels have the tiebreaker over the Clips.
It's Pels 4-3, Clippers 4-3, Lakers 3-5.  Pels win the tiebreaker by having the better record against conference opponents.
Brandon Ingram finishes above .500 for the first time in his career.
We’re the greatest team in nba history
Essentially without Zion too. They look like such a well put together team without him for the first time, it’ll be scary to see them with him healthy
Fly pels fly
When BI actually played last year we were 29-26, it’s just that we were an awful 7-20 when he was out. This year it’s 23-21 with BI playing, but since Zion was healthy for some of the games BI missed we went 19-18 without him. Basically he has been a winning player for the last 2 years but has been unlucky with injuries and the team around him
This is certainly one statement
Next season? He is Doc’s secret weapon in the playoffs 😈😈
embiid playing with 3 mvps on his team, that bum has too much help
He was playing some lockdown defense on Trae too. When he wasn’t getting his usual ticky tack touch fouls
Best former vol on the 6ers!
The championship mvp the city of Philadelphia was promised
Shake Milton comes off the books at the end of the year so 7th or 8th man is his to lose.
BENCH HARDEN. SPRINGER IS THE GUARD WE NEED
Sort of reminds me of Maxey in the 2021 playoffs, kinda want Springer to be that guy
Embiid is just a fourth starter to play along our three MVPs
Niang, Springer, Reed
Trae flew on Springer's 6th foul. It was as if he got hit by a tornado with that exaggeration.
We’re def going to need someone off the bench to be “that guy” this postseason if we want to make a push at the finals.
I feel like the Hawks def were underprepared and had no plan for him. Jaden won't get playoff minutes and way harder competition unless he's a victory cigar
still better off playing him than Korkmaz.
It’s been a long season, but we’ll be above .500 for the first time in 5 years.
the pelicans were fucking COOKING tonight i would legit die for herbert jones fuckin love that dude
I love when Trey Murphy gets a lot of shots. We need him to get more and more touches
Our reward for getting the 1 seed is a round 1 matchup with either the new look Lakers, the never say die Pels or the Wolves with KAT back. Great.
Hart and Ingram heated matchup tn
When RJ learns how to shoot, league fucked 😤
Trey Murphy hooping at the perfect time.
A top-8 seed clinched. Need to win 1 of 2 to stay in. The 2nd (if necessary) is at home. A winning record for the 1st time in 5 seasons. Despite all the disappointment. this team has improved.         And as unlikely as it's looking (THANKS PHOENIX!), they could still go higher if they win against Minnesota. If any 1 of the Warriors, Lakers, or Clippers lose, they move up to 7. If any 2 lose they go to 6. If all 3 lose, they incredibly get to 5.
Herb Jones
I hope zion is healthy for the playoffs/play ins
Trey Murphy is going to make a lot of money in this league..
Pels been on a nice run lately
Idc Herb Jones DPOY
Man what a great defensive effort by Hart. He had Ingram on lockdown whenever he was guarding him. He’s such a pesky on ball defender.
So uh, what happens if the Clippers, Pelicans and Lakers end in a 3 way tie? Asking for a friend
Who needs Zion when we got TRIGGA
New Orleans Himicans
David Griffin wipes sweat from brow. Job is safe one more day.
Happy for you pels. And thank you as a warriors fan as this means clippers can’t tank a game unless they want to risk falling in the play in
RJ Barrett consistent at least, but the rest of the Knicks need to bring more energy against the Cavs soon
H3RB
Herbert.
Every day I’m hustlin
Trey had 31 on 3/10 from 3. Truly appreciate seeing his game evolve from just a catch and shoot guy. He attacked the basket tonight
Lakers better win tonight or it’d be pandemonium in Los Angeles!
RJ Barrett consistent at least, but the rest of the Knicks need to bring more energy against the Cavs soon
Zion?  Who need him.
RJ Barett should stop shooting threes.
Play Trevor keels
You love to see it. Imagine if we could get just one season with a healthy roster
To end the season.
Herb's special but so is Quickley, bro if he loses minutes when ya'll have everyone someone over there needs to be fired, man can he play
I mean that’s just the west my man lol
It's funny a lot of Wolves fans say we'd prefer you guys or the Kings but I'm sure you guys would probably prefer us as well lol. I wouldn't be too scared if I were you but it would be a fun series I think
Could also be the Clippers or Warriors! West is really deep this year.
I really couldn’t get mad when he drew that offensive foul with 2 minutes left. Fucking Hart, man.
Clippers can't tank to avoid Phoenix too now since the Pelicans won.  Do you mean if any of those 3 teams lose 1 game or 1 of their last 2 games?
Y’all could still be the 9 seed if the wolves beat SA tomorrow and win the head to head with the Pels on Sunday. Both teams would be 42-40 and the wolves would have the tiebreaker
He's not playing in the play-ins. Seems unlikely to play in the first round of the playoffs either.
Out for the play-in, unlikely for the playoffs.
We could go to the finals and he wouldn’t be ready to play.
Him and Jones look better every time I see them.
Countering that horrific month
Our season is just a massive U
He'll definitely be in the conversation for multiple years
Hartthrob
Pels own tiebreaker over Clips, Lakers own tiebreaker over Pels. Clips own tiebreaker over Lakers. LOL
Pelicans get it. At least per Lowe Post podcast
Any tie breaker involving both the Pels and Clips goes to the Pels
We did. And if was the SVG year. The basketball gods can be cruel.
Quickley is dangerous fr
Oh don’t you worry. RJ will be keeping that bench real warm come playoff time.
Pelicans win. 1 Loss By Any Team gets them to 7. 2 Losses Gets Them to 6. 3 Lossas Gets Them to 5. It's a goddamn Boolean logic puzzle.
Okay, I looked it up:   TIEBREAKER BASIS FOR MULTI-WAY TIES:  (1) Division leader wins tie from team not leading a division  * None of these lead their division   (2) Head-to-head won-lost percentage  * Pelicans: 3-0 vs. Clippers, 1-3 vs. Lakers, 4-3 overall  * Clippers: 0-3 vs. Pelicans, 4-0 vs. Lakers, 4-3 overall  * Lakers: 3-1 vs. Pelicans, 0-4 vs. Clippers, 3-5 overall  (3) Division won-lost percentage for teams in the same division  * I don’t think this applies since the Lakers are last per #2?  (4) Conference won-lost percentage  * Pelicans: 29-22  * Clippers: 25-25  So yeah, I guess it’s the Pelicans?
Lol on the podcast he just said "I asked the NBA who wins the tiebreakers and for some unknown reason It goes pelicans clippers Lakers" and you could practically hear him shrugging his shoulders so you could be right but who knows.
If Quickley started games next season he would be in the MIP conversation
He is automatic
he started though
Doesn't count, unfortunately.
He has been special man
He started though 😭😭😭
Brogdon>
Bait is funny but anyone getting worked up over the sixth man of the year award should log off for a sec
I personally think he has started too much to win 6moty. The 20 starts and counting that he has is a huge part in his numbers getting on par with brogdon in the first place.
You are gonna bait so many Celtics fans with that last comment because according to some of them, no winner of the 6MOTY has started any games before lol
why would games you start improve your 6 man resume lol
Before Celtic fans flip their shit again, ask them if the NBA should rescind Kevin McHale’s 6MOTY award in a season where he started 31 games.
That's a weird way to spell "Bobby Portis"
This man gonna be a damn problem
This is all Brunsons fault
Yeah doesn’t count
Well when your team is down not 1, not 2 but 3 starters, your sixth man gets inserted into the starting lineup. Ya know that’s kinda like their job? And at least he’s playing tn, he could easily just be resting for the playoffs.
A quarter of the winners historically have started more.
Well this year we have a true 6th man that's ALSO playing better and winning more. In the years someone won while starting a big chunk of the season there wasn't somebody else like that obviously
I mean Brogdon has scored a lot more points than Quickley lets not pretend like Quickley is Kevin McHale here lol
enter derrick white
A sixth man gets put into the starting rotation when players get hurt or can’t play. That’s kinda like part of their part job.
Brogdon has scored 1000 and Quickley has scored 1155.
Sure but it's hard to ignore he started a big chunk season (also the only part of the season he played very well) when compared to the other 6th man who was always 100% in the 6th man role. That's gotta be an advantage to Brogdon. That combined with him playing better and winning more I don't see how he doesn't win  Downvote all you want knicks fans there's just not any real reason he would win other then a consolation prize to the knicks for not being terrible for once
I was talking about ppg but regardless its not like Quickley was an borderline All-Star this season he’s right around Brogdon or a tier below
I mean if we are talking total points instead of PPG than we might as well give the MVP to Tatum who leads the league in points...
Well he would win because while they are similar offensively, Quickley is far and away the more impactful and better defensive player.  And like I just told you before, starting games when players are injured is literally what a sixth man is supposed to do, that actually helps his argument more than hurts it.
You think a .3 scoring difference is a lot more points?
The guy said “points” not “points per game” lol
If it's PPG it's 14.9 to 14.6. Not exactly a lot more points...
That's such cap lol
Quickley is averaging 12 off the bench
Dude Quickley has been the Knicks best perimeter player all year and one of the most impactful perimeter players in the NBA this year. Where have you been my guy?
The goalposts have moved multiple times in a span of 5 minutes lol.
We’re talkin about 6MOY bro, why tf would we include the stats from starts
Just accept Brogdon is better
Anybody who comes off the bench more than they start is in the running... it's not rocket science.
That doesnt answer my question, why would we include his stats from his starts when we’re talking about 6MOY
Always an impressive road win when you beat Antetokounmpo in Milwaukee
Who the fuck is Lindell Wigginton
Considering we didn't play our starters or 6-8th men we didn't do that bad
Anyone know where the parade is?
Lindell Wigginton had 25 pts, 11 ast, 5rebs on 50/40/100 splits. Biggest all star snub of the season?????
The Bucks' backups played WAY better against the Grizzlies than their regular starters did this season.
I got Jevon Carter vibes last season from Wiggington tonight. If he can shore up some on defense he may have a role with us next year
Shoutout JJJ two-way god
2nd is ours now. Finally we can rest our starters.
🗣️ Issa parade inside my city yeaaaa
Had us in the first half Ngl
7th most games lost due to injury, and still the 2nd seed.
Great team win! I love to see Jaren shine on both ends like this. 36 points with 5 3s on offense and a DPOY worthy effort on the other end w/ 4 blks and a steal for emphasis. A true unicorn and is a walking mismatch.   Luke Kennard has been special. Every 3 feels like it's going in. The spacing he adds plus basketball IQ/experience on both ends, have all been impressive and much needed. Bane helped break the game open with his 3s and it's been great to see him continue to blossom. Tyus has been Mr. Dependable and it looks like he'll lead the league once again in assist to turnover ratio. Dillon has been playing better as of late. We're easing Ja back in. Hopefully we get some good news with Adams.   With all this going on we're officially 2nd in the mighty West while being one of the youngest teams in the league. Jenkins deserves some flowers for that. Still have plenty of work to do but it feels like we're on the right track. On to the next! Grit and Grind Forever
Woot. 39 assists?! Woot woot.
The beam will not look at the bucks kindly with that pale imitation
Made prime Carter, Antetokounmpo, and Leonard look silly out there
I don't think they're talking about Thanasis though...
You don't know about the Wig man come on now
Memphis grizzlies father
Our biggest fear
You know who it is
Well now giannis isn't gonna win the MVP because this team is stacked
Before tonight I thought Wesley Matthews had retired
I believe it's inside a city that lost a democratically elected representative today based off of racial prejudice.
Inside my city. Yeah!
I heard rumblings it may pass through my municipality
Best American big after AD.
The offense should run through him
Thatsthejoke.gif
I'm so proud to be his son today. Dude was fucking unconscious out there
He's had a lot of dnp-olds this year.
Man, there is a damn reason I tell people I'm from Memphis and not from Tennessee
Bruh I hate this state lmfao
Justice for Justin
Ahh my bad, I just associate Memphis with undeserved cockiness at this point.
Folks don’t realize there are three states in Tennessee.
Strickland should be ran out of town if he folds because of the forum funding threat. Nashville is probably gonna just appoint the same representative they just expelled. He's already a blight on the city as is. I'm cool with losing the Grizzlies over this shit if Pera wants to be a fucking hoe about not paying up if necessary when he's the billionaire.
Memphis, Nashville, and shitty Dyer Co.
4. Memphis is its own Republic. Then the 3 divisions.
Hell yeah!
Love our squad. Hope they young guys remain together for many years
Getting hot at the right time  Zion be damned, this team looks scarier than Minnesota or either of LA teams imo and I’m fine giving out multiple reasons
Clips are still much scarier imo but I get it. Zion comes back though and I might lean towards a round 1 upset going down.
He had a dunk and didn’t manslaughter anyone. That’s a win in my book.
12/8/4 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Single double 🔥🔥
Put some respect on the best hype man and garbage-time dunker in the league!
He tryna gas it up
He heard people chatting shit
Greatest nepo baby statline of all time
Thanasis "Big Nepo East" Antetokounmpo with one of the statlines of all time
If Thanasis isn't good enough for the NBA, then why did the Knicks draft him while Giannis had single digit ppg?
We also didn't play our 6-8th men
Just sucks that Thanasis will always be in the shadow of Giannis. Some lofty expectations to meet for anyone that isn't a literal freak of nature.   Hard to keep up with a future hall of famer, NBA mvp, NBA champion as the star of the team, All NBA, all star etc.
I don’t understand picking on Thanasis. The guys at the end of the bench are there for chemistry mostly. The Bucks record speaks for itself, I think they know how to put together a championship caliber roster.
Thanos is clearly a player who could’ve made it to the NBA without Giannis, but realistically would he? I don’t know. Maybe.
game high  -(31) +/- too
Why do we gotta throw shit in the titles like that lmao. So petty
The Antetokounmpo's have really grown on me since they bought into the Nashville SC. They are awesome dudes.
Nepo points
I don’t think anyone ever thought he was a bum…even off of having Antetokounmpo alone makes him a top level athlete..it was just about whether he’d be given the same opportunity he has been given without Giannis, which he wouldn’t have obviously
What they gon say now
I think it’s fair to say Thanasis may not have gotten all the chances to stay and grow in the NBA like he did for a while, but at this point he definitely deserves his spot on a team regardless of who his brother is imo
the worst nba player would smoke any player outside the nba
What does one above average game prove? It is insane that you are thumping your chest over one stat line lol
I love me some Thanasty!
I was at the game, we always cheer loudest for Thanasty
The mid from acropolis
Why did this Thanasis “NBA player or not” debate come out of nowhere lol. This is the third post I’ve seen today involving it
Probably would not have been in the league aside his bro, but he has been training and competing with the best for years. He def is, an NBA player.
what did thanasis do to deserve all this anyways?  mark “positive attitude” madsen played 10 years with no discernible basketball skills.       old man Haslem played 6 games this year despite not being injures.       probably every team in the league has a thanasis at the end of the bench.
Proper motivation
Making a late run at the scoring title, I see.
I like how all these other flairs acting like they wouldn’t give three roster spots to Giannis’ brothers if it meant having Giannis on the team lmao
Good job Thanasis, this can go on the fridge too
Give him that 15MOTY trophy already
Thanasty is bouncy as fuck.  He can throw some nasty dunks.
Pretty good for a player that’s not good enough to be an NBA
ESPN: Thanasis is the first bench player since 1969 to have their points be the sum of their rebounds and assists in under 40 minutes of gameplay
Ignas brazdenkis numbers
I don't know how to explain it, but your username makes me uncomfortable
Not a single person in this sub can drop that in an NBA game
On a game wide -31 🔥🔥🔥🔥
There's my MVP!
Or is it the double single?
His energy on the bench and on the court is all you can ask for an end of bench guy.
How many headbutts though?!??!
Isaiah Mobley dropped 18 points with 3 steals and 2 blocks last night for us, Thanasis has nothing on him
Nepoleon Dynamite
To acquire the Antetekounmpo DNA, obviously
Good point. Thanasis being drafted with the 51st pick of the 2014 draft automatically means he is good enough to be in the NBA as a 30 year old in 2023. The 47th-50th picks of the 2014 draft have all been out of the league since 2016 at the latest btw. Thanasis also was gonna be out of the league forever after 2016 until the bucks gave him the nepotism roster spot in 2019
It’s because when he comes in he’s dirty
he did make it without his influence. He just couldn't stay without it.  I think a lot of people forget that most American players grew up and are friends with other Americans players in the league and had coaches watching them throughout their young career. Thanos and most European players don't have that luxury so they are less likely to stick in the leagues as other players their own skill level
I enjoy the noncommittal nature of this comment
Why are sports fans obsessed with nepotism? As if it doesn't run rampant in literally every single industry worldwide.
Nah that's not true. Some international guys are better than the worst NBA player
He's had much better games tbf
One productive game as a 6th man against a genuine contender proves that you have the talent to be a worthwhile NBA player. Other factors (consistency) are also vital obviously but it’s still odd and unnecessary for a reporter to single out a guy who legitimately isn’t a bad basketball player.
-31 🔥🔥🔥 taking away anything good or bad about this game is so pointless.  Hes not useless but wouldnt be in the nba without Giannis.  Its not a big deal either way.
Lindell Wiggington had 25/5/11 tonight he might have earned himself a spot in the playoff rotation with his play in this very meaningful 23 point loss 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I am also not good enough to be an NBA player.   Therefore I also had a 12/8/4 stat line tonight
Andre Ingram spent his entire life in the g league and scored 19 in his first nba game  I’m sure g leaguers if given the chance could make an impact in a single game   I do wonder what percentage of g leaguers could last more than 10 days in the nba tho
I am also not good enough to be an NBA player.   Therefore I also had a 12/8/4 stat line tonight.
Pretty good for Ben Simmons
*in multiples of 4 also  If you're gonna cherry pick...
I miss wes iwundu sometimes
I like america and the sixers
Well no shit we only played our backups
When you play the Wisconsin Herd that's what gonna happen
None. SMH. Off night.
My bad friend I am uninformed
And Isiah can shoot from the 3 point line.
If by dirty you mean has a tendency to posterize people then yes.
No he was just bad which is why he couldn't stay in the NBA. The players drafted immediately before him in the 2014 draft were Alec Brown, Cameron Bairstow, Lamar Patterson, and Russ Smith who were all from America and have all been out of the league since between 2014-2016.  Bad players don't randomly stick around in the league because they "are friends with other Americans players in the league and had coaches watching them throughout their young career." lol
You said the first part as if “nepo baby” was an idiom exclusive from sports. But yeah, I agree is everywhere.
He meant smoking ribs
Those international guys also don't come to the league with bodies worn down by the USA youth basketball scene. I read somewhere about preteens in the USA getting ACL surgeries? Wild.
Didn't he have like a 40 point game once lol
> One productive game as a 6th man against a genuine contender proves that you have the talent to be a worthwhile NBA player.   Jimmer Fredette had more notable games against contenders and he was already struggling to hold an nba job by 25. Hell, he was also on a bad kings team too.
Bro come on… he will never be a worthwhile nba player. You don’t have to defend him to the point of delusion. It’s ok for him to be in the league because his brother is good
One game doesn't prove anything dude lol  You sound fucking ridiculous. They lost by 23.
Chill. He's averaging 0.7/0.9/0.2/0.1/0.1 on 37/0/42 splits. You could argue he doesn't play much but if he could contribute more he would be playing more.
It was literally all our backups what do you expect?
With full third-stringers against the Memphis starting lineup.
Tell me you didn’t watch the game 🔥
Lindell Wigginton didn’t have a whole article written on why he shouldn’t be an NBA player
ESPN: hey you want a job?
we played our backups vs y’all and went to ot
also has the highest headbutts/36 minutes in the NBA
>Bad players don't randomly stick around in the league because they "are friends with other Americans players in the league and had coaches watching them throughout their young career." lol  Deandre Jordan would like a word lol /s
You think international guys don't train and practice as hard as American ones?
Nah but 27 isn't too shabby for an end of the bench hypeman
Was he a good locker room guy willing to pick boogers on the bench though?
Excellent job responding to the content of my reply and not literally just repeating your original content but more snarky this time. Great conversation skills bro👍
Excuse me, Jaden Springer just put Trae Young in handcuffs and the blue coats beat the hawks in OT, we are a little excited. Cant wait for Doc to cut him or trade him for pennys and he turns into the next Jrue Holiday.
See above ^.   There is nothing to take away from this game.
I absolutely didn’t 🔥🔥🔥
Probably because Lindell Wiggington is a 3rd year player on a 2 way contract and Thanasis is a 30 year old nepo baby on a standard contract 🔥🔥🔥
Context: Tatum has no rings
Congrats, hang the banner
Imma tell my guy dillon brooks this.  Records exist to be broken
Austin Rivers for a long time.
Why can't you just take the criticism that this post is stupid lol
No disrespect, but here my disrespectful comment
Tell me Embiid doesn’t have a ring 🔥
Thanasis was in the league before Giannis🔥
I get your point but this is one of the worst comments in r/nba history
Fair enough lol.  I’m sorry Thanasis.
Most relevant comment 🔥🔥🔥
Played 6 total NBA minutes from 2014-2019 until the bucks gave him the nepotism roster spot in 2019 because Giannis' contract was expiring after the next year 🔥🔥🔥
I'm just commenting to use the fire emoji  🔥 🔥 🔥
Nets don’t have home court so they won’t be playing. Philly isn’t far though.
I’ll go with the Cavs vs Knicks… Since they’re already locked in the league will probably announce their date ASAP to sell tickets
First round start on the 15th and both Nets and Knicks will start the series on the road.  The earliest one of them could get one is on 19th.
Knicks will be in Cleveland games 1 and 2, Nets would be away too I think.
Late night Amtrak costs $10 if you buy early enough. 😂
Herbert Keyshawn Jones is taking over.
That’s some vision right there to spot that pass
I’m at the point where this pass isn’t really surprising from BI. Love this motherfucker so much.  Also, shoutout to that Herb block in the last clutch possession for the Knicks. Not on Herb.
BI’s play creation has been amazing lately
Herb doing the Bridges celebration?
Didn’t know BI was like that, I apologize
Herb is shooting consistently, league fucked
Stan Van Gundy taught him that
Just so fucking awesome. I love watching these guys ball.
Lol the second player I've seen borrow it after Kat
MidBA
Gonna be a more of these kinds of seasons where all the teams have close W-L records going forward with how common rest management is now, along with the new CBA.
Parity or parody?
League feels like it’s never been so stacked amongst the top tier. This level of parity definitely feels different than most years, maybe because of injuries and load management but still very balanced on the top end it seems
I’m pretty sure the Refs won more than 60 games this season…
Hopefully this will make the playoffs very competitive this year
i think the fact that so many teams have a chance at winning is such a good thing for the sport itself
Imagine if Denver goes out in the first round
20-21 Utah was technically on pace to fall short of the 60 win mark, 52-20(.722).   For reference, 60 wins is .732, 59 wins is .720
Is this a kyrie tweet?
Nah parity is mostly due to load management
if everybody is special , nobody is special.
Getting a dagger hit on you by George Niang should get your franchise set to the shadow realm
Can someone find me an extended cut of this? I think this was the happiest I’ve ever seen Doc look.
We lost a 7 game series to these guys lmfao
This is the end of game 7 to me. This is my new reality.
Truly didn’t see a Niang stepback coming lmao
We legit rested our top 6 players tonight
Hawks lost to the process Sixers lmaoooo
Doc with bums and nobody's coaches like prime Phil Jackson
bang bang
getting cooked by georges niang in the fourth quarter is the worst fuckin feeling in the world
if fatboi niang pulls a stepback 3 dagger on your starters you legally gotta move the franchise to seattle
IS THIS THE DAGGER
Dollar Tree Klay Thompson
Doc could beat the ‘96 Bulls if you give him a short handed team
MINIVAN HIGHWAY
Wanted to upload & post it with both commentaries. I guess it's too late now xD  Edit1: Nvm, this one doesn't have replays, uploading now.  Edit2: [Here](https://np.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/12f8ui5/highlights_georges_niang_with_the_stepback_3/)  Sorry OP :(
EVERYONE GET IN HERE
Vondestroyednewton updating his "Sixers record without Embiid" spreadsheet.
BANG BANG
Georges <3
Lol
Bang bang.
Niang doing this against the coach he owes his whole career to is rough
That would be my NBA joker moment
That side step was pretty nice, cannot believe Niang had it in him
Quin was probably so pissed. Like, "Where the fuck has that been the last few years?"
Doc with bums is literally Jesus
[Shorthanded Doc](https://i.redd.it/sfuh92tw492a1.jpg) vs above .500 Hawks. They never stood a chance.
You could see Doc really wanted the win from the 4th quarter onwards, it was great to see his reaction here, he seemed so hyped
Through ben Simmons all things are possible
That Hawks team was good though, they gave the Bucks a scare as well. What happened to them man?
You guys easily would’ve won with Simmons off the roster
Neither did John Collins apparently
Top 5 and Tobias
Top 7. Louis king didn’t play tonight
I refuse to believe that Tobfraud is part of our top 6. Refuse
Them boys were hype as hell earlier in the game for getting up 10 against the Bluecoats. Then proceeded to embarrass themselves by losing to the g-league champs.
Only some of these guys are bums. Also, hol up, let him cook.
niaaaaaang
Thanks for your service, MrBuckBuck
Niang Niang
I'm taking Glenn with the Blue Coats against the Dream Team
Dude was living his best life coaching role players and 2 way contracts. It works too somehow - Hawks were full strength right?
You know what Doc, I wouldn't ask Pop that question. Nothing but love for my top 15 coach ever.
So jot that down
They got hot at the right time, but the team itself is very unserious and not individually as talented as they were hyped up to be.
Legit.
We would have won with Simmons if he hadn't shot 30% from the line for the series.
And Tobias.
I have a Twitter bot that post a random sixer from their entire historical roster every 6 hours and Louis Kings mom found it and liked the one and only Louis Tweet and that tweet only. Fun fact
It’s not the first time this season the Hawks have celebrated prematurely and gone on to lose to a not very good team. The Houston loss stands out. Bunch of downhill skiers.
If only there was a way to time jump so the Blue Coats could beat the Duncan spurs and Pop could say “I bet you’d wouldn’t ask Doc that question”
Doc would win with the Washington Generals.
Doc has never had more fun than he did with that 2018-2019 roster.
Still would've lost. If he hadn't shot 30%, it would be 25%. His mental was broken at that point.
P A R I T Y
Load management and injuries will do that
I just think it's nice that there is so much talent!!!
They’re won’t be a dominant team sweeping through the playoffs like the Lakers did that season
Felt like a process game. No stress just got to enjoy basketball
Legend says Doc without his stars turns into Popovich.
… lol hawks
Doc with role players is Red Auerbach.
THE JADEN SPRINGER DIFFERENCE
lmao absolutely absurd, springer is a rotation player next year
Doc is unironically going to be a great coach for the rockets next year
Imagine getting daggered by Georges Niang
Most valuable minivan just ran Hawks over
WHERE ARE MY SPRINGER BELIEVERS AT
LOL THEY JUST LOST AGAINST THE 2ND AND 3RD STRING SIXERS
Hawks starters plus minus  Trae +10  DJM -23   Capela -13  Collins -14  Hunter -9
There is no way Atlanta finishes with any other record than 41-41. This result was always going to happen
I mean yeah, the Hawks lost to the G-League Sixers. But the G-League Sixers *are the G-League champions*  So it's not that bad 🤣
I just smashed my 4K TV in front of over 30 guests at my Easter party because of the Hawks performance today. My wife just took our crying kids and said they’re all spending the night in a motel. This team has ruined my life and my party. I can’t do this any longer. Goodbye.
All I can do is laugh
Doc is the best all bench coach in the league, prove me wrong.
All bench lineup and two G Leaguers and Atlanta still couldn’t win. Man, Quinn Snyder has a ton of work to do this offseason. Jesus.
I don't think the Hawks are legally allowed in the playoffs after this game
LMFAO
3 of the 4 east play in teams are a joke
Mac McClung undefeated!
Hawks legit whole squad got cooked by our bench unit lmao💀
Sixers sat the top 6 players on the roster. Wtf
They need to let a team sell their playoff spot to another team for cash considerations
Doc is a coaching God when his star players are out, I should've bet the house on Philly tonight
I SO FUCKING LOVE NO STARTERS SIXERS GODDAMN THAT NIANG STEPBACK 3 MADE ME HARD  &#x200B;  But for reals, thats why Doc Rivers is an all-time coach. When he have just a bunch for workers playing down to the system (and a bit of luck no doubt) he can for sure make them play on both ends
The Hawks are destined to be .500 and basketball gods won’t let them finish this season with any other record apart from 41-41
76ers has MVP Paul Reed and FMVP Jaden Springer.😤 Very tough team for the Hawks.
Seriously impressive by the 76ers bench, an unit many don't regard highly this will do their confidence good before playoffs
Congrats Hawks you lost to G-league finals MVP Jaden Springer and Dewayne Dedmon.
Doc with an undermanned team is honestly the GOAT lmao
Emfat and Harfat are clearly overrated. MVP, my ass!
Doc Rivers should just swap the starters with the bench unit because he’s shown that he’s the GOAT bench coach this season
The highlight of the game ? Daniel House ankle-breaker at the end.
Doc Rivers master class
Sixers bench > Hox over .500
Doc Rivers with G-Leaguers is the best coach of all time
Springer is the next MJ
I actually couldn’t stop laughing when Niang hit that 3. We shouldn’t have won that game but turned out to be the most fun win of the season
oof
Doc with a bench mob is a GOAT lmao.
I wonder every day how we lost that series to the Hawks. Just truly unexplainable.
Thank you jaden springer
Jaden Springer said never underestimate the heart of a champion
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
SIXERS LEGEND JADEN SPRINGER
Montrez Harrell Double Double 🗣️🗣️🗣️
Yeah on second thought, this team doesn’t deserve the playoffs. Hoping the Heat and Raptors pack this season up for good.
Trae took way too long to make a move at the end of regulation, it's like he forgot the shoot clock existed and only focused on the game clock.
Hawks should have to delete their team out of the league now right?
The Bluecoats are coming! The BLUECOATS are coming!!
Shake with 16 assists? Is the box score legit? Holy Shit
We fucking suck
IF YOU DON'T LIKE THAT, YOU DON'T LIKE HAWKS BASKETBALL
Danuel House played 36 minutes and the sixers won lmfao
I don’t understand why Snyder rushed to take that job
Its time to call Trae what he is. Statmonger. He not a championship leader.  ** Had 3 turnovers in the last 7 minutes of regulation  and a shot clock violation. Dont @ me. This is pretty much every close game for him if you add in a few early shot clock  step back logo 3s.
I feel like that was one of the worst 20/20 games ive seen but man hawks r bad. I think i cant enjoy this win because we lost to this sorrry ass squad in the playoffs.
Ship John Collins and DeAndre Hunter to China. That was the most uninspired performance I've ever seen in my life. Trae was efficient and had 20 assists but there was  zero fucking effort on defense. The bench unit + Trae should've closed out the game.   That last play with the dagger 3 was probably the worst I've ever seen John Collins look defensively. He's gotta go this offseason man.
Great job by the Blue Coats tonight!
Better not bring this effort to the play in next week
Trae with the missed opportunity to win…then sends it to overtime and misses the clutch FT. No way the Hawks get into the playoffs
Max McClung
Crazy thing is that the roster talent isn’t that bad, they just lack intensity and drive. By the 3rd quarter they’re cooked. Not a serious team.
LMAO Hawks need to be relegated
Can someone post the clip of danuel house almost jumping over john collins lmao
No Embiid. No Harden. No Maxey. No Harris.   The Hawks at full strength still couldn’t win lmao
very very fun game to watch hahahahaha
Imagine losing to the 70ers 😂
Please, for the love of everything, let the Hawks finish at 41-41.
I didn’t watch the overtime because I got hungry and knew it was over but I think they’ll lose both playin games and be out completely.
Not even Tony Brothers and Lady Ref can beat a short-handed Doc Rivers team.
LOL!
Say what you will about Doc but you have to hand it to him, he's a generational coach of undermanned teams lmao
Mac McClung > Hawks confirmed
I knew we could win. Not because of the Doc with bench meme but because the players on the court, to a man, were going to play with max effort. We were missing a ton of talent but we still had Niang, McDaniels, and Milton from the regular season rotation, and B-Ball Paul obviously. Then the rest would just be dudes that wanted to play hard and get NBA minutes.   I said it last game when we lost to the Heat. The entire team was out there in body only, absolutely no one cared about winning or tried at all. I don't blame them, but that's the difference between trying and not.
Is this going to hurt Embiid’s MVP case?
The Hawks just continue to impress with how mid they are. Finally beat the 31 game mid streak only to then lose to the G League Sixers. Sensational.
That settles it. Hawks win their last game of the season
Georges Niang is the Patron Saint of out of shape dads who show up at open gym runs, drop 20 points and talk a ton of shit, then sit out for the next 3 games because he needs to catch his breath and he’s afraid of the guys he was talking shit to
Shake with **16** assists!
Glenn went into 03 Magic mode.
The fuck are the hawks doing
Please. The Hawks. My family is starving.
Jaden springer would be a good rotation player on a team that actually developed talent. So any team that isn’t the sixers
So if/when the Hawks lose to the Celtics, they finish the season a perfect 41-41?
Doc turns into Phil Jackson when he has a team of underdogs (see Orlando Magic and 2018-19 Clippers).
Wow the hawks are bad
Except they won
That 2018-19 Clippers team that won 48 games including 2 vs the KD-Steph Warriors in the playoffs definitely agrees. Doc is weirdly great when expectations are low.
Doc’s reaction to Niang nailing the 3 was golden, he was so happy it was good to see
Doc legit makes no fuckin sense. Turns chicken shit into chicken salad but turns a filet into dog food. I don’t get it.
Let him cook
It's so weird he does so much more with so much less.
This correlation would scare me if we ever got a star player
Game 6 LeBron
It gives him the confidence to run 5 bench guys against Giannis
the 2019 Clippers with guys like Lou Williams, rookie Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, Patrick Beverley, Tobias Harris, Danilo Gallinari, Montrezl Harrell won more games than the Clippers this year
Shoutout to the 1999-2000 Orlando Magic
Now we know what he means when he says "would you ask pop that question?"
Maybe because he actually coaches, instead of instituting a hierarchy
Doc is an all-time floor raiser.
Holy fuck, y'all didn't even play Melton...
It was hilarious watching Trae attempt to shoot it over the backboard in the final minute.
Our whole system is fucked now that we dared go 2 games away from .500  The ego to believe we were more than mid.  We got what we deserve. We werent playing that good honest salt of the motherfuckin earth 500 basketball this past week. This is the result of that pride.
So who is Doc with a 3-1 lead?
He had more 4th quarter points tonight than Ben Simmons had all Hawks series.
I hope so but we all saw how long it took doc to play reed
I was just thinking that
I’ve literally never seen Niang move that fast when he side stepped for that 3
Love the smell of the balls in the morning
I don’t have to imagine it I just watched it.
And mcdaniels and the idea of niang
Secret weapon springer
Since we had some G-leaguers out there, technically they lost to some no stringers too. 😂
We were running Mac McClung bench minutes
Dejounte Murray was such an overrated acquisition.  I have no idea why people thought he was a winning player for putting up volume stats on a shitty spurs team
Only so much that Gremlin Harden can do
Trae had some ugly turnovers, but the offense is night and day when he's out there vs not.
Doesn’t matter trae sold hard at the end of the 4th
Yet Trae didn't even get a shot up at the end of regulation
Wouldn’t want it any other way.
G league mvp, g league finals mvp, dunk champ, and a van. How could the sixers lose?
hawks had to lose to finish .5. you could put in highschoolers and they woulda lost
Inshallah
Phil fucking Jackson when he’s coaching third stringers
I’m still pissed we lost to them in playoffs
Boy the Hawks look crazy after this loss
The play-in games are a joke. I mean what do you expect from the 7th-10th best teams in a 15 team conference???
Yeah the East is too top heavy. It's the Bucks, Celtics, 76ers, Cavs, and Knicks... then a bunch of bums.
Give to Orlando pls
Also ROY and Slam Dunk Champ Mac McClung
All nba teams > Hawks over .500
Marc Jackson?
Two words. Ben Simmons. He dunks that, we won the series.
Ben Simmons, seemingly out of nowhere, went from whatever he once was, to whatever he is now.   It's like if Joel Embiid randomly turned into DeAndre Jordan, but nobody knew but Joel. So he loses all confidence because he knows he's trash, but everything still runs through him, and he still gets Joel Embiid type minutes.
Ben Simmons
Was wondering the same.  Trae had 20 assists?
Maybe the FO promised they will overhaul the roster in the off season or something.
My guess is that he's got some tangible influence in roster construction. Maybe not like how SVG/Doc *were coach and president of bball ops, but some real say. Otherwise, I'm not sure why he wouldn't just wait until after the playoffs
Y'all getting outscored by 15 points in the 5 minutes he sat is not his fault.
I mean. Hes +10. Murray is -23 in a 5 pt game. Trae with the bench is the best line up
Bro has 27/20 on solid efficiency and was the only starter that wasn’t negative (as a matter of fact he was in the double digit positives)  The hawks aren’t good not really his fault
Brotha Trae Young back court mate is Dejounte Murray, I wouldn't blame him for stat padding.
Dejonte Murray is your problem, sorry
Bro was hunting for 20th assist for the whole 4th and OT until he got it lol
26/20 looks good on paper..but in the key moments he was the opposite of clutch
I still like Trae
We didn't lose to this squad. That was two years ago both teams are completely different.
It’s crazy how lackadaisical they play. Quin should’ve asked the players if they were actually serious about winning before taking the job.
Trying
And Okafor didn't street fight a Celtics fan
We won a game this season against the pre-deadline nets and won without embiid Maxey or harden I believe
Also his 1999-2000 Magic squad. Overachieved a ton
Doc cooking out of the dumpster is 1000% better than Doc cooking out of the masterchef kitchen
Let Doc Cook!
Reddit doesn't know about the Heart and Hustle Doc Rivers Magic   One of the most fun teams I have ever watched in my entire sports career.
Nah our top 6 guys were all out, pretty wild we still won
he got a foul call for that and knocked springer out of the game, such bullshit
Lol surprised u were watching the game raps bro
… Doc Rivers
Chris Paul
Jackie Moon
When is up 3-1 is not a doctor anymore just Glenn
Bill Walton’s son
No fucking way
Tonight is a Springer victory tour
Are you implying doc is still here next year? I literally can’t live through this again.
This looked like the most fun he’s had all year. Niang hitting the dagger this game and the missed Jeff green out of bounds vs the nuggets (another game with our bench) were the most animated doc has been this season. At this point, I think deep down doc really does just want to coach a young rebuilding team
Collins is still trying to get the smell of House's junk out of his nostrils 😂
if you dont love the reality of niang you dont deserve the idea of niang
G-Leaguers on the second night of a back to back
We got fleeced for sure.
But he was an (injury replacement) all star!
I think the only surprise is how pedestrian his defense has been.  I have always underwhelmed by Dejounte, he doesn't get to the rim, doesn't shoot well and doesn't get to the line.  He's always been good defensively and a decent passer, but I want two of three of those abilities in anyone I'm paying that much for.   If his defense is not good and he's playing off ball 😬
Put up his career high against us 😅
It’s funny how things can change. I remember there was a thunder game where he locked up and out scored Shai. Now Shai is looking at a first/second all-NBA and people are calling DJ a horrible acquisiton
He was considered better than Derick White and he's been excellent for the Celtics. I didn't see many games when they played together on the Spurs so I didn't know how true that was
Idk. Not a popular opinion (even in the Hawks sub), but I think with next season’s system, he may show his value a bit more. We have a lot of good players that don’t have well-defined roles.  I’m not ready to give up on him yet.
He didn't really though, defense was the issue. Hunter and Collins aren't even speed bumps, they're traffic cones out there. That dagger after getting put in the spin cycle was the most embarrassing moment of John Collins career.
If thats the narrative you wanna run with whatever, but the facts remain that Trae was the only starter worth a shit against the g-league sixers.
Maybe his teammates should have tried holding a lead while he was off the floor and he wouldn't be forced into trying to get a game winning shot up.
I mean the 7th and 8th seeds in the Western conference put up a pretty big fight last post-season, also led to to an all-time Pat Bev moment so that was fun
That's not really the point. The point of the play in is to discourage teams from tanking.
It's there to prevent teams that should have tanked a long time ago into becoming eternal mediocrity
If the Heat remembers how to shoot, then count them as a "heavy" team
Nah, Marques Johnson
To be fair, I have no clue how that series got to a game 7.
Yeah Hawks are gonna trade a bunch a guys I bet. Collins and Hunter for sure.
This loss started when we were up by 7 and he was busy taking bad shots and turning the ball over. I watch every Hawk game. Its the same garbage clutch time performance EVERY GAME.
It doesn't matter bruv, he was shit in the key moments trying to hunt for an assist.
Bros gonna demand a trade and I don't blame him. We are trash
Lets be real though. His teammate was -23. That doesn't look good anywhere under any circumstance. That dude played far worse. Hawks starters minus Trae were actually trash tonight lol Dejounte played over 40 minutes against people he's probably never heard of in some cases and got smoked
EVERY SINGLE GAME.
Agreed but not by much. Kevin huerter.. ngave us some dick i suppose
The good 'ol days
We got money though
We also came back from down 20 against the Beam Team in Sacramento with Embiid, Harden and Maxey all out.
It was in that week and a half-ish window where Simmons was playing ok too.
Doc is more of a Cutthroat Kitchen kinda guy
I’ll never be able to explain it or understand it, but skeleton crew Doc is an all-time coach compared to loaded roster doc lol
Just one game but your depth is looking scary right now. There's a lot of anemic teams this playoffs that don't have that luxury.   I'm really interested in seeing if Harden can turn it up and finally get a chip. Embiid will do his thing regardless, this has gotta be the best position Harden has been in since Rockets with CP3.
“Top 6 guys” Are you sure? I think you played Springer
Tony Brothers holds his whistle for like 90% of the game but calls a shooting foul on that BS lmao.
The little guy is getting on my nerves too but that was a foul
Jackie Moon invented the alley-oop, what has Doc Rivers invented?
There's definitely a good chance he's still the coach next year. I could definitely see him get fired if the Sixers flame out but don't fool yourself there's a good chance he keeps his job
Which is funny because *not* wanting to do that is why he wanted off the post-big 3 Celtics so bad
Doc would be a great college coach. Maybe he should take that temple job. You think Furk has eligibility left?
G leaguers on a back to back after winning the G league championship
G-league CHAMPS
It was a terrible, terrible trade.  We are fucked it hurts me
He’s still a good defender no? Haven’t watched many hawks games this year
Nah, I knew his defense was fool's gold.  Dudes like him playing on horrible squads like the Spurs get overhyped by their fans because there's nothing else to be excited about.  His high steal rate was like the classic case of a gambling guard racking up steals but being a bad team defender.
You sure it's not fumbling an easy rebound against the bulls thus giving them the ball for the game winner?
And trae plays a lot of those minutes with them too. As soon as he's off the floor it's negative.
So he’s was not at fault at the end of the 4th he didn’t want any screens and let the shot clock expire without taking a shot
I’m sorry bro but Trae is the head and I can’t speak on the rest of the season, he fucking stunk tonight. If he wasn’t passing, he was trying to set up FTs.
Can Pat Bev repeat as play in champion this year?
I realize that's the point, but it clearly doesn't work. Just look at what the Mavs are doing. Who gives a shit about having the opportunity to get absolutely destroyed by the Bucks in the first round when you could get a lottery pick instead.
Exactly. Tanking is smart unless you're a contender or could be soon. That does not apply to 20 teams in the league it doesn't even apply to 16 of them.   Now you can't have half your league tanking but if they really wanted to stop it there's more drastic things they could do.
So many insane blown leads, what was it like 3 20+ in the series? I like the sixers but man they deserved to lose that one
They've been trying to trade Collins for years and couldn't. Right now his value is at an all time low. They'll be lucky to get 2 2nds for him
You realize that means if the other people weren't shit there wouldn't have been any clutch moments? The whole game matters not just the last 2 min. The hawks suck with trae off the floor. The stats are right there.
Gallo and Lou Williams were big in that series as well.
110mph over the Ben Franklin seems like a good guy!
Only Embiid and Harden were out. Maxey dropped 32.
I love how the two biggest narratives for doc are "He needs great players to win" and "shorthanded doc is the goat"
yeah no that’s why this is so crazy it’s because we have almost no depth, McDaniels showing up!! with some montrez harrel (forgot he was even on the team) and niang.. fuck I still don’t know how we won
Compared to the Celtics though we haven’t got enough unless everyone gets it together. Maxey struggles with them, Niang is too slow, Melton hasn’t looked great, Milton hasn’t been shooting well, McDaniels is great though I really like that pickup. It’s going to be incredibly tough provided we get to that 2nd round.  I’m just excited to see what Joel can do being nearly 100% healthy, Harden is banged up but you’re right he is in a great position. It’s pretty much now or never for us  Edit: didn’t mention Tobi because I just have no idea if he’ll be great or awful
in what universe was that a foul, springer had 1 hand on trae and he just fell to the ground and tried to shoot the ball over the backboard from behind the backboard. it easily should have been out of bounds on trae
Considering his recent record in the conference semis Doc seems to have taken the “with this play you will win 4th place” thing to heart.
The alley-oops
dude .. we’re stuck with doc for now sadly, he did just enough this season that as long as we don’t lose in the first round he’ll keep it
Think he needs to get past the second round to do that. But if he does do that, I'm fine with keeping him anyways I guess, at this point as long as we beat boston and finally see the ECF, I would consider this season not a total failure. Anything short of that, he definitely needs to go.
I think it's actually pretty cool that they won and then their reward is getting to make NBA salary the next night. Now they have some extra cash to celebrate.
>Wizards flair   You a Trae Young fan or something?
Well Jaden Springer and Shake Milton broke the paint every time they got him in an ISO tonight if that starts to answer your question
Sure he should have set a better shot up I never claimed he is a perfect player. But why are we focusing on the end of regulation when DJM  and the rest of the starters are out there getting out scored by 15 throughout the rest of the game. Seems to me that the focus should be on the players getting out scored by g-leaguers in regulation.
We don't know what happened on that play other than they clogged the lane and nobody cut to the basket, but the Hawks had a million other times to win the game with just one defensive stop but they couldn't defend against the Toon Squad.  Trae had what, 20+ assists and an efficient 27 points, and was +10 with the rest of the starters in negative? You gotta be a world class hater to put this one on him.
Cool, while he was doing that the Hawks outscored the sixers by 10 points. Maybe we should be looking at whatever the fuck DJM was doing to get fucking roasted out there.
Yeah that douche only got 20 assists and 4 steals setting up those FTs
Oh definitely, and I would very much like to see it happen
Do you really not remember how bad it got even just a few years ago when there were promising prospects in the draft? Suddenly with 20 games left, half the league was sitting their starters.  Now we have a generational star at the top of the draft and the predicted tankathon never really occurred.
We blew a 25 point lead in game 5 while Doctor J and AI sat courtside 💀
The whole game does matter, but he lost the game by doing dumb shit. That absolutely gets weighed more
I typed out lou will gave us some dick but it didnt text i guess. But yeah that series was a mess
the Coleangelos will be a good influence on jah.
Doc can't handle big personalities
Josh has been playing above his pay grade since we got him. What an amazing trade
for further the point, I didn’t know jaden springer existed until today
Yeah idk how this is spun as trae's fault. He seemed like the only guy out there who was actually trying to win
…and only 8 turnovers while hunting for those assists. If you can’t see your mediocrity starts and ends with him then, you’ll find out sooner or later.
Dude is on a back to back road game after being MVP of the G-league finals
Thank you mr buck buck. Appreciate the highlights u post
Springer Jail  We’re making this a thing
That’s G-League Champion and Finals MVP Jaden Springer to you
I'm legit baffled as to the what the fuck he was cooking.
that’s your 2023 G-League Finals MVP Jaden Springer
He looks so different than the guy we drafted tonight, the growth is real
Jaden Springer making a late DPOY push??
Not even close to goaltending Alaa.
SPRINGER IS HIM
He’s the next mikal but this time we didn’t trade him
Love seeing a vol get some time. Even if it’s garbage time
^Gleague MVP
First Trae just doesn't even remotely attempt to box out, and his man beats him to the rim for the dunk.  And then who knows what he was attempting to do with that shot because he sure as heck didn't.
SPRINGER SPRUNG  Your 2023 G-League Finals MVP, fresh off a chip and in with the dip.
G LEAGUE FINALS MVP JADEN SPRINGER IS ONLY 16 YRS OLD
That's your FMVP 😤😤😤
'Thought that was goaltending' bro smoking crack in the broadcasting booth 🤡
So what do the hawks do now, fire their coach again?
26/20 makes it look like Trae had a great game on paper…instead you see this shit…he’s the opposite of a leader
Trae decided to change course.
What happened to the Hawks??
Trae spends most of his time hunting for highlights instead of winning, shit's sad to see
I don’t care. I respect you for actually playing tonight Trae.   Unlike some other people from your draft class
Tre young is a doo doo superstar, will he be shipped out eventually?
For a 20 year old G-league player the defense looks legit
Welcome. I just happened to switch to this game after the Wizards' game.
We're gonna start a dialogue
Jerry Jerry Jerry!
G-League finals MVP
It’s the overconfidence that’s confusing, because it didn’t look like he had any plan at all. Even if he decided to attempt a deep 3 that would’ve made more sense, but he just unnecessarily wasted so much of that time
He was trying to draw a foul but Springer pulled the chair on him
I kind of think he thought the shot clock and game clock were the same.
Possessed by the mid gods, who are hungry for us to be back within the grasp of a .500 record.
He looked really good tonight, he'll probably take Shake's minutes as the backup PG next year
I don’t have ties to the Vols but this reminds me of how sad I am Yves Pons didn’t pan out
He’ll probably be backup pg next year
Trae sat for 4 minutes this game. Hawks were -15 with him on the bench.
Almost certain to be the backup point guard next year, can’t imagine the Sixers will be able to bring shake back
A guard getting around a screen so easily is a foreign concept to me
Absotlely dying at “mid gods”
He's going to need to take a big step in the off season if he's going to have any primary initiator minutes on the ball imo
Crazy. The Celtics get a lot of attention for their 3’s…but this is crazy
15-15 in the first half, also a record
Beer before liquor, never been sicker. Tatum's new shoes, you'll be 80 from 2
Something funny about Jaylen Brown and his plants
That’s what it takes to beat the 81-1 raps lmao shitters
When the defense is so bad it's setting records, you gotta wonder if they're trying to send a message. Like I know the Raptors suck ass, but this is another level lol
Raptors gotta blow it up man
Beginner’s luck
When the opposing team is playing all of their garbage players, records get set.
Okay we get it we lost  Surely there something more interesting going on in the league
The tenth highest 2pt% happened less than a week ago, with the Mavs shooting 76.7% from two against Miami. This was the highest 2pt% in a loss in NBA history.
100% in the first half, seriously?
Entering the 4th quarter, we had missed two (2) shots inside the arc. Both of them were in the 3rd quarter - a missed layup by Robert Williams and a missed midrange by Derrick White. We were 100% in the first half lmao
GSW beat them in the finals already… Let it go Bruh 😌
Raptors were playing their regulars all game
Siakam, Barnes, OG, and FVV all played 30 mins
Then a team setting a record for shooting? Idk that’s pretty interesting
We might be about to embarrass the hawks, maybe that?
Unfortunately not
So many dunks and layups tonight. It’s not like Boston was taking midrange jumpers or something. Raptors couldn’t protect the rim for shit.
you're both right
Exactly
i think that might have been his point
All 4 booking a ticket on Air Asia as we speak
Trae Young and the Hawks losing to this Philly team is certainly interesting too
[removed]
/r/suicidebywords
Hehe
So you are abusing the report feature. And it’s the best a team has ever shot from 2pt range, idk how that’s cherry picked
Dude I guarantee there’s some bullshit qualifier that OP forgot  I refuse to believe these Celtics are that elite
Well when you figure out what the “bullshit” qualifier is lmk
You are so pathetic lmaoo
lol dude just in his feelings tonight because his team got showed up twice by the Celtics while the Celtics were sitting half their rotation
Who tf are the topes?
I googled 'Topes Raptors' and the only thing that showed up was a tweet from this dude from a decade ago
the springfield isotopes?
Albuquerque Isotopes?
Bro leaking the raptors naming rebrand early smh
Topes?
Tf is a tope
No idea why he calls the Raptors the topes, and he got the score wrong, but posting guidelines of the sub require that I leave the exact text of the tweet. *shrugs*
*121-102 but hey
This man deserves significant jail time for calling the raptors ‘Topes
Albuquerque Isotopes?
Apparently the Raptors. Not sure why he calls them that.
simpsons reference
Classic Simpson’s episode.
IS THIS ANOTHER ONE OF THOSE JAZZ GUYS?
This is actually hilarious
So he’s like the Yoffs’ guy who tried to make it a thing?
Eric uses this reference all the time and since I’m not a Simpson’s fan I had no idea. Now I know…
That’s not an NBA team.
I’ve been trying to find out what the Raptors were cooking all season long
That’s also not an NBA team.
Raptors media is a fucking shit show that reflects their fan base
i actually despise when that one guy on this subreddit says ‘yoffs and ‘yins lmfao. ‘yins is maybe the worst thing ive ever seen
I think that's a Texas A&M thing too. All my friends that went there say yoffs and it makes me want to puke
No need to get so upset over a Simpsons reference
Coming from a Philly fan?!
Take it easy, it’s a Simpsons reference lmao
Cringe
Would that make the lottery the 'yangs?
Yins is hilarious
Is it really a reference if it has zero context?
I mean, idk what context you're expecting. r/nba is not the tweet's target audience, that would be Raptors fans who follow the guy and know that this is his thing. Blame OP for taking it out of context
Fair enough
Trae vs his nightmare defense and Derozan back in Toronto are nice little storylines
Heat over Hawks  Bulls over Raptors  Hawks over Bulls
Heat over hawks for the 7th seed   Bulls over raptors.   Bulls over hawks.   You heard it here first. Place your house and life savings on this right here.   No refunds allowed
....I hope the Hawks win. Only saying that because Heat always gives us hell in the playoffs. Butler turns into Kobe when he faces us, Bam decides to be Hakeem and whatever role player gets into the zone.
😎 Celtics and Bucks will be patiently awaiting the winners!
Battle for the right to get swept
Raptors limping into the play-in in one of the most top heavy draft years of all time
- Heat beat the Hawks - Raptors beat the Bulls - Raptors beat the Hawks - Raptors beat the Bucks in 6
As a Raptors fan, I hope the Bulls win. Put this boring mediocre-at-best team out of its misery. Give me that tiny chance of a top 4 pick instead of a 1st round sweep.
good thing Michael Jordan is retired
People are actually picking bulls over raptors???
do we have to play 😭
Bulls bucks heat celtics
Heat beat Hawks  Bulls beat Raptors  Bulls beat Hawks  Bulls beat Bucks
Hawks > Heat Raps > Bulls
The full strength Hawks can’t even beat the 76rs second team right now…there’s no way they beat Miami, and they probably won’t beat the Bulls/Raptors either
Gross
Fans with their team flair that is also in the play in saying other teams losing over theirs what is new? 😭
if heat somehow loses both games, they would be the first division winner in any sport to ever miss the playoffs rt? even if they make the playoffs, they would be the lowest seeded div winner ever rt? that's honestly pretty funny.
I think we beat Atlanta if Trae’s playing which is a bizarre thing to say
if we lose to the bulls, we need them to make the playoffs so we go up 1 spot in the lottery.
Mavs fans crying and praying for this
Gimme
I don’t like this
I agree
I’m saying this because Atlanta only a 4 hour drive from me and I can make a weekend playoff game.
Max Strus's Revenge
2nd part is a lie, Bam disappears against Robert Williams
Give me 2008 but opposite, lmao.
Heat Celtics would be fun
Imma need Trae Young to go nuclear for one game
Gonna need Kawhi and Kyle for this scenario 🥲
i think middletons injured too
I think the Bucks win it all this year. However I love chaos so seeing them lose in the first round would be hilarious.
Yeah pretty unlikely considering how good the Raptors are at home.  But oh well, I hope it's at least a good game.
username checks out 😳
One of our players always seems to get hurt whenever we play Chicago so I kinda hope that doesn't happen
We just wiped the bulls with our g league team lol.
Hawks > Heat?? tf you smoking
Please don’t tell me there are people that actually believe we still have a real hatred for the Hawks
Sorry I already called it bro
Only a MARTA train ride from me lol
Heat vs Celtics then 6ers vs Celtics before we face em would hit like crack
Ie: Iverson vs The Lakers in the 01' Finals
Aren't you guys pretty decent vs playoff teams? What happens when it's a play-in team...?
Honestly it's just one play-in game and not a whole series, Trae could just potentially will the game himself.  I would give us like 40% shot, then 75-80% against the Raps/Bulls if we lose.
I think it's because if Bulls end up with equal or worst record than the Mavs but make the playoffs, it improves Mavs chances of keeping the pick
Basically walk to the mf ecf lol
Time will tell!
Alright that makes a lot more sense, made it sound like we still have some kind of rivalry with the Hawks
The Hawks are morally obligated to be 41-41
They saw they clinched the 8th seed and stopped trying
Jaden Springer happened
That was a ridiculous last play from Trae, nearly 20 seconds to make a shot and ends up with a shot clock violation…embarrassing.
41-41 wasn't a joke. It was destiny
I cannot believe we lost to Trae Young and this team
Update: Philly are now 4 points up in OT
No Embiid, Harden, Harris, Maxey…yet Trae, Dejonte, Collins and Co can’t even secure a game against Philly’s reserves…even McClung has played nearly the whole game
1 more turnover and Trae has a triple double!
Conspiracy theory: This is a ploy to get Trae Young a 20/20 game
Lol and they lost.
Free Mac McClung
OT now and full team is still playing, down by 6 now lol
thank you lolll it was not that serious of a gsme we were playing great first half…they knew raps were getting their ass best and said well! we got the 8th anyway
They were struggling and in a dogfight with g league and guys who were racking up CD-DNP for half the yr even before the results of the Celtics game came in lol
Put some respect on known lockdown guard and finals MVP Jaden Springer.
No shame being locked down by the G League Finals MVP
A team with serious championship aspiration can't win with him as the lead man.
I honestly think he thought that the game clock was the shot clock.
No Tobias is a good thing for the Sixers
Quinn punishing them for playing like ass down the stretch by forcing them to play the entire OT.
He scored or assisted on like 75 points tonight and your dogging him for one play lol
John Collins got to be the worst starter/rotation player on your roster bro is just rarely focused
Reasonable. Too risky to sit them out even with the Suns resting their four best players. If the Lakers lose this game, they probably are the 8th seed instead of the 7th or potentially 6th.
Lakers will win but it willtake 3OT trying to stop Landry Shamet popping for 50
They had to, if they didn’t and somehow lost they’d be torn to shreds
Kevin Duckant knew this and decided to sit
Loss Angeles Lakers
Good to keep getting the reps before the playoffs. Good call by them
Good boys.  The other teams shit the bed down the stretch this season that they really should look at like a relegation system. Can’t have teams punting on the playoffs entirely in favor of a fucking draft pick
🙉 Mark Cuban is somewhere saying: "Blah Blah Blah Blah!"
There isn’t much difference between the 8th seed and 7th. Denver is not much better than Memphis (if at all).
They’re 8th at best regardless
Reaves will get revenge on Shamet for taking his valuable minutes at Witchita
7th guarantees a team two opportunities to win a home game to get in the playoffs. 8th only gives a team one home play-in game.
Disagree.
Seeding is irrelevant for that it, it depends on the play in result
I wouldn’t want to go on the road a mile high against a well-rested Denver team.
Lakers match up much better vs Denver
What..? I think you need to look up how the play in works haha
I would rather play Denver  if I’m the Lakers . They can win either series, but would be considerably more physically beat up  if they play the Grizz.
No? They have the tie-breaker over the Pelicans.
Not having to travel for play in games leading up to the playoffs is huge for play in teams already at a rest disadvantage
There's an unlikely scenario where it's both LA teams in the play-in, but yes.
Fortunately they suck though
But weirdly not the tiebreaker over a three way tie between pels clips lakers
Correct team records are: Boston Celtics (56-25) and Toronto Raptors (40-41)
Pritchard and Hauser are just Jordan and Pippen with less melanin...
Raptors Starters: 49 points  Sam Hauser and Payton Pritchard: 48 points  That’s pretty much all you need to know about this game
It's rare when a fanbase wants a player gone because they're too good, but man I wish we got a trade done for Payton. Dude's way too talented to be buried like this.
Sam Hauser is the white Larry Bird confirmed
PP and Hauser dropping 22 and 26 lmao. JT played 20 min and JB didn’t play. Raps go rebuild y’all team this shit just sad
The Sam Hauser action just getting more and more disrespectful
Sam Hauser is a real NBA player
Tatum only played 20 minutes and Brown didn't even play at all, and you wouldn't even know it.
NBA record shooting efficiency from 2 tonight. 15/15 in the first half. 25/27 at one point. Insane.
121-102 or 99...neither score is remotely close to how far apart these two teams were tonight.
This team is cow juice
At least I'm not a Dallas Mavericks fan.
Celtics bench always destroy us
our FO: one more season of evaluation then we can really start making moves!
Celtics have the #2 Seed locked up!!!
Score makes it look closer than it was.   Precious got baptized by Sam Hauser.   Kabangele saw the floor.   I thought Raptors fans were crazy calling for Nurse to be fired. If the last two games are an indication of what their offense always looks like, I get it now.
Team records are wrong
Yeah I'll be honest, circlejerking aside I don't see it in Scottie Barnes at all. Bro cannot shoot for shit and he doesn't even look like he'll ever develop a good shot. And his defense is very meh. I think his ceiling is the third best player on a championship team
We've got a beautiful bench
Demolish sounds about right, but the Celtics are now 56-25, and the Raptors are now 40-41
Sct Brn
At least we're not Dallas
Hope our bench keeping this form in the playoff
No idea how Mild P didn’t get ejected for grabbing Horford’s lil Al
Didn't sell at the deadline btw
The Raps are a sad sad team. Prichard hates the Raps. If he only played against the Raps 82 times a season, he is a first ballot HOF
The whole team looked completely off and lost, GTJ post injury looks very rough. Guys are wandering around on offense, the Celtics pack the paint as the raps refuse to shoot a 3 only to barrel into a defense of 2-3 guys... I don't get it, I get them not shooting the 3 as they've been horrible but this shouldn't be the play
I'd rather let FVV walk for nothing then pay this guy. He had a good run with us, but we need to desperately move on.
Ah yes, Payton and hauser leading the team to a W just as we all expected
Raps are so trash lmao
Cancun >  Canada
I heard the horny man is good. Does he work miracles cause we need one
19 points is demolish?
Raptors quiet quitting the team
White Gordon Hayward and white white chocolate
Classier version
God we are so ass. I wanna say GG but I’d just be lying
That’s gotta be the hardest pill to swallow   The raptors are so bad man and honestly I don’t expect them to do anything vs the bulls or heat or hawks… and even if they make the playoffs as a 8 seed OMG CONGRATS TAKE A 4-0 to the bucks
Fade me fam
Naw that’s all you need to know about this season
Problem is nobody was going to give us anything worthwhile for him.    Because he's too good for tanking teams and competitive teams wouldn't give us something we wanted and all of them know he's gone this summer.
I wanted him in Utah so bad after we traded Mike. I thought we would flip Kelly for him and a couple of seconds or something
He'll win us a playoff game, mark my words
That just gave up assets for an expiring poeltl instead of trading their dudes for record value this trade deadline. No clue what they're doing
A good chunk of our fanbase is delusional and think tanking is the wrong idea. We have good players on our roster but if things don't work, you have to just accept it and move on. Our FO is desperate to make this team work.
just wait until we beat bulls in the first play in game then the hawks in the next play in game then the bucks in the first round then the knicks in the second round then you guys in the ecf 😈
Blows my mind after last year honestly.
Yeah the final score really didn't do the game justice. Was 30 at one point
Eh, Tatum played most of the first half. Pretty sure he ended with 20 mins
That's true, you didn't trade OG and a pick for the Team Destroyer, and Nick Nurse even now is better than Jason Kidd. Just sucks Nurse lost the room and Masai has seemingly lost the plot on the core
Time for another season with no depth at all
We already did after last game.
It's definitely what the offense has looked like in 4th quarter of every close game. It has been a very long season watching it.
...I know
I said last year that he's wing Bam Adebayo.   He needs to be the third best *offensive* player on a contending team, but he might be able to be the 2nd best overall player on a contender.   That being said, if the rumors are true and Ime takes over, I can see him being of major help to this Raptors team, because they do have talent.
Our fans who think that we can build around him are reaching big time. I still think he has loads of potential but he's nowhere near that guy right now.   My only defense of him is that he doesn't get to play to his strengths with the Raptors roster construction. He needs to play as a power forward and expand from there. His strength is pounding the paint, having his back to the basket, and shooting from 15 feet in. He's also a great passer and we have almost no shooters for him to pass it to.
>I think his ceiling is the third best player on a championship team  Obviously tonight wasn't a good game for him, he has flashes of brilliance but hasn't been able to sustain it regularly, it comes with being a young developing player. Also being the 3rd best player on a championship team is a really damn good player, but hopefully he can develop further.
Tbf they still have Luka
Lil al 😭
Lil Al should be thankful he didn't contract Spicy P instead.
We’re already dead, there’s no need to twist the knife my man.
He would have brawled in the timeout huddle at the first hint of quitting. He'll get the best out of them but by god he won't be able to do anything about that horrendous spacing.
He is good indeed. Just make sure to hide yo wife n daughters
Aaaand now it's racist
You guys have potential, gonna be scary if everyone reaches their potential
The Raptors basic problem is that Masai overly focused on raw prospects with measurables over basketball skill. Raptors have no-one outside of Siakam who's really a half court threat.
I think the closest was a package that included him for Poeltl? But yeah makes sense why we didn't, hes more valuable as emergency depth than anything we could get.   He still has another year on his contract though, so we'll still get something for him this summer.
Ime will get them right.
There were threads where I’d get downvoted to oblivion for suggesting we tank and scrap this project. Instead here we are in NBA purgatory.
Worked on his D and rebounds better. We have him on like 2 mil a year if I’m not mistaken. Insane
😒 Why you bringing up old sh**
Can you repost it with the right one? Or is that not how these work?
I can happily say I’ll trade Siakam for picks but I’d throw up if we had to free doncic from our team cause we have nowhere to go
I think that's the joke
Fucking boston fans, man
Boston fans just can't help themselves smh
Stop lying to them
thanks for letting me fuck your wife bro
Don’t do that cringe meme
3 years for 6 million so yeah 2 million a year Brad made a fantastic signing there.
I could repost it but at this point it just seems moot
My guy, I'M a Boston fan and I was the one who pointed it out.
Seriously. That team is fucked with their cap situation and with Masai trading away that first round pick to desperately get this team into the playin.  Masai Ujiri is basically washed up at this point
I was just asking my wife tonight. Where do the raptors go from here. FVV is getting old and probably not really worth another big contract. Siakam is good but isn’t really a #1 option. Barns has potential but had a sophomore slump. The team isn’t terrible hit also isn’t good enough. Stuck in limbo.
that shot, despite being in a pretty meaningless regular season game, was so mindbogglingly bad people still remember and reference it years later. it's like the inverse of the curry shot
What happened to Valentine tho ?  I only remember his summer league scuffle with some dude ,never heard of him again lol
Bulls broadcasters are among my favs in the league. Adam Amin has some great calls and can be pretty unbiased, while Stacy King is just funny as hell all the time
pepperidge farm remembers
stacy king never misses
please give these two national games
It was a textbook example of horrible shot selection, amazing lowlight given to us by Denzel
It also doesn’t hurt that the Bulls crew gave him so much shit for that shot in the moment. Crazy tunnel vision.
It became a popular sound on TikTok. It's funny as hell.
Bro us and the Heat were battling for positioning at the time… I fucking cursed his name that night
Someone must have paid Denzel to sabotage that game, it was so unbelievably bad
Helps we haven't heard of him since. Like what is he even up to nowadays?
[Here](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6oECxaUkKTg) you go
He's playing for Maine in the G-League.  Not really standing out but averaging solid numbers. Not numbers that would make a team want to call you back up but not terrible.
Adam is way too good to be just a play by play for the Bulls. We are actually blessed with great commentators
Stacey just repeating "No" before the ball even gets close to the basket is just hilarious.
Damn that shit hurts when you own home analysts are saying no...  Edit: Looking back that shot has become normalised sort off... its not  a "reserved  Steph shot" anymore ..
"noooo..... noooooo...." lmfao
I think sometimes I hear him doing 1pm bears games too, but not all the time
The shot was nowhere near the basket 😂
> Looking back that shot has become normalised sort off... its not a "reserved Steph shot" anymore ..  Nope... for Steph, Dame, and maybe Luka you will see that shot in a regular season game with that much time on the shot clock. Guys will shoot that off the catch or late shot clock but definitely not while bringing the ball up the floor
Nah it's definitely the stupidest shot I've seen. Literally none of his teammates even have a chance at rebounding the ball  I *guess* he had the right idea with the quick shot, but he should've drove in for a quick 2 instead. Not only was it a deep 3, it was a deeeeeep 3
I would include Buddy, Trae and countless others who arent stars, i watch lot of Nba games and dont restrict myself to the team i route for ,trust me the are many others who pull up from that range they just dont do it as as consistent as the above mentioned players.  You are right in saying those shots are mostly seen in the regular season, only Steph and Dame take it consistently to the playoffs. As far as i can remember atleast..
Trae, sure, but outside of those 5 guys nobody is shooting these off the dribble with 16 on the shot clock. This isn't like two steps behind the line it's a 30+ footer
Oh dont get me wrong , Valentine taking that shot with 16 on the clock  is ill advised for sure he was trying to surprise an unset heat defense i suppose, terrible game time management.
