Hold off on buying those electric vehicles
In 2022 the batting average in the MLB on bunts in play was .523. Should your team be bunting more?
Angels need help. Ward, Trout, Ohtani hitting over 0.320. Renfroe, Drury, Lamb hitting under 0.170 with combined 40 LOB(!) through 7 games. Oof.
[OptaSTATS] The Angels are the first MLB team to have a pair of former MVPs (Shohei Ohtani, Mike Trout) each get an extra-base hit but have the rest of the team go hitless since the Yankees did it with Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris on May 6, 1962.
Shohei Ohtani and Mike Trout were the only Angels batters to get hits in their 4 -3 loss to the Blue Jays
I like Apple TV friday night baseball a lot.
[Highlight] KIA Tigers turn 1-5-6-5 double play
Looks like Mom had a little too much to drink at the Angels game
Bo Bichette crushes a 3-run shot to put the Jays on top 4-3
Nightly Pick 'Em for April 8th
[KBO] Actor Jung Sung-il's (known for his role in the Netflix original series "The Glory") sidearm ceremonial first pitch at Daejeon Baseball stadium yesterday.
In 1987, the Milwaukee Brewers started 13-0 but lost 12 straight in May. They finished 91-71
[Highlight] Bogaerts makes a crucial double play in the bottom of the 8th inning against the Braves
Gio Urshela and Jake Lamb make a great play to get the out at first
Willy Adames Hits his first HR of the year while a phantom snags it out of mid air.
[Chad Moriyama] Drey Jameson
Kershaw tries something different
Corbin Carroll hits his second HR of the year off Kershaw to take the lead.
What is your favorite ballpark memory?
A New Bromance is Brewing in Toronto
The Brewers have shut out their opponent in 3 out of the last 4 games (Mets 2x, Cardinals 1)
Frontal shot of Mike Trout wearing the Kabuto helmet.
[Hbgsenators] Outstanding double play from Senators’ catcher Drew Millas
White Sox are the only team in AL history to allow 17+ homers and 40+ walks in the first 8 games of a season
You have to trade a player on your favorite team for a player of (roughly) equal value on a division rival. What deal are you making?
Chicago Cubs become first MLB team to officially partner with CBD company
Brendan Donovan makes a nice play to get the Cardinals out of the 2nd inning
Is it true Jordan Hicks (StL) has no remaining options?
Mike Trout puts on the Angels’ new home run hat which is a Samurai Helmet
Vladimir Guerrero Sr. throws out the first pitch to Mike Trout with Vladimir Guerrero Jr. in attendance
Need help! Looking for any information on the Galax Leafs
Mike Trout hit the truck in CF for the first HR at Angel Stadium in 2023
[Hogg] - The Brewers normally have a junior announcer in the fourth inning. Tonight, they have the voice of Patrick Star announcing the batters.
MLB app videos. Why can’t I view a list of all videos anymore in app and only a summary for f actual on field plays?
[Grant Paulsen] CJ Abrams is 3-for-3 with two triples and a single today. His hits have come on exit velocities of 107, 104, and 101 MPH. Abrams is 5-for-6 over the past two days, boosting his average to .304 and his OPS to .882.
James Outman blasts his second home run of the season
The Tampa Bay Rays have the best start to a season since 2016 (Orioles) at 7-0
Ronald Acuña Jr steals a base and it pops out of the ground
Alex Call and Jeimer Candelario go back-to-back to lead off the game for the Nats
[Highlight] The Nats finally realize they're at Coors, launching back-to-back bombs to start the game
Could someone please explain to me how the values in this table on savant are determined and what a positive value versus a negative value means in each column? Thanks
Shea Langeliers stays inside the breaking ball and bangs a 440 foot home run
Ronald Acuna steals extra bases from Soto with a leaping catch at the wall
[Highlight] Ozuna from the the Braves hits a 440 foot home run to cut the deficit to 2
The Twins starting pitching has been elite this season so far.
Pitch Clock Watch: A 2023 State of the Baseball Scorebug Investigative Report
[Highlight] A hard hit ball off of Cruz's bat gets stuck in Albies' glove and the Padres score another run.
Julio Rodriguez becomes fastest player to hit 30 homers in franchise history (140 games)
The Rays have hit 17 home runs this year so far… the pitching staff has given up just 15 runs total.
Torn between 'owner' and 'superfan,' Cohen excited
[UIndy Athletics] University of Indianapolis’ Brady Ware hits for the cycle and throws a no-hitter in the same game
Isaac Paredes hits a grand slam to put the Rays up 6-1
Druw Jones' Incredible Willie Mays-esque catch
Your national tv schedule for Saturday. One national FS1 game, but every game will also air locally.
[ESPN Stats & Info] Bryan Reynolds requested a trade from the Pirates this past offseason. Today, he became the first Pirates player to hit five home runs in the team’s first seven games of the season since Willie Stargell in 1971.
Kyle Farmer walks-off Houston to win the Twins home opener with a single right up the middle
White Sox' Oscar Colás hit his first career home run
In what has been a dark day for the White Sox, Oscar Colas hits his first big-league homer to make it 8-13.
[Joe Pantorno] A home opener sellout for the #Mets: 43,590 the official attendance.
[Jazz Chisholm Jr on Twitter] Guys it’s only game number 8 why is everyone panicking?
Blake Sabol with the circus catch, assisting himself on the out.
Francisco Lindor hits his first homer of the season
Sonny Gray sets a new career-high in strikeouts: 7.0 IP, 1 ER, 4 H, 1 BB, 13 SO on 98 pitches vs. Astros
[Park] Sonny Gray’s career-high 13 strikeouts today are the most by any #MNTwins pitcher since July 13, 2012. Francisco Liriano had 15 that day.
[Ruiz] This was Adley Rutschman’s attempt to draw Gunnar Henderson.
New and Improved Minnie and Paul Sigb at Target Field
[Highlight] Bryan Reynolds with the Grand Triple-With-Error to put the Pirates up 12-7 in their home opener with his 6 RBIs
Julio Rodriguez 2-Run HR gives the Mariners their first lead of the day
Teoscar Hernandez 9-3 DP and pretends he knew what he was doing the entire time.
Kumiko Nootbaar and Munenori Kawasaki talk about solutions to cramping
Do Dodgers have the Majors' best catcher?
Vinnie Pasquantino sends his first spicy meatball of 2023 into the Bay. It’s 2-1 KC in the 5th.
Edmundo Sosa tacks on an insurance run, crushing a solo homer to make it 5-2 Phillies
Luis Robert JR hits his 2nd 2-run homer of the game to tie the game at 7!
Sonny Gray with some disgusting Breaking Balls. Credit @PitchingNinja
Bryan Reynolds extends his MLB home run lead with a go ahead 3 run homer to put the Pirates up 7-5!
JT Realmuto two run home run to deep left center field
Jake Burger opens up Papa’s Burgeria for the first time this season, as he jacks a 2-run shot that would give the WSox a 5-2 lead
Cordero legalizes Franch, as he hits a 3 run dinger against the Orioles to bring the Yankees to within 1
Oswaldo Cabrera puts the Yankees in front with a 2-run double in the 6th
[Anderson] Tim Anderson responds to Logan Webb on Twitter
Luis Robert JR sends a bullpen a souvenir that would give the WSox a 3-2 lead.
[Pirates] Welcome home, Cutch.
Trea Turner scores on an RBI double from Kyle Schwarber and does his iconic slide
Edward Cabrera is the 27th pitcher in MLB history with 7+ walks and 4+ strikeouts while giving up no hits. Jack Flaherty just became the 26th on Saturday.
If you're up by 2+ in the 9th, why do pitchers ever walk batters? Wouldn't it be better with 3 balls to just lob something over the plate and hope they pop it up?
Pete Alonso sends a baseball to New York Presbyterian Hospital
Travis Kelce channels his inner touchdown celebration spiking the first pitch
Apple TV’s ump POV is pretty cool (Cody Bellinger RBI Single)
Websites with Box Scores all on one page?
[Talkin' Yanks] Gerrit Cole playing peek-a-boo with a baby in the front row
[Justin Toscano] News: Michael Harris II was placed on the 10-day injured list with a lower back strain. The Braves recalled Eli White to take his place.
Rhys Hoskins and Bryce Harper raise the 2022 NL Champions flag during the Phillies home opener
The Top 10 Plays by Win Probability Added from this week (Mon-Thurs) in under 4 minutes
[Highlight] Daniel Vogelbach outruns everyone to first for an RBI single.
Edward Cabrera vs. Mets: 2.2 IP, 0 H, 2 ER, 7 BB, 4 K
[Yankees] Estevan Florial has cleared waivers and has been outrighted to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre.
Edward Cabrera Stumbles Off The Mound And Receives A Pitching Violation
Tim Anderson ejected after botched pitch clock violation, a breakdown
[Kennedi Landry] Rangers RHP Jake Odorizzi underwent an arthroscopic debridement procedure on his right shoulder on Wednesday. He will miss the entire season.
