🤖 Anthony Joshua: The Terminator or Tin Man? 🤖
ALL EYES ON ME ... | Ryan Garcia Road to the Ring
Muhammad Ali’s grandson thinks legendary boxer would have ‘held up well’ against Jon Jones
Shakur Stevenson neutralizes Jeremia Nakathila. Shakur Stevenson makes his lightweight debut tomorrow night against Shuichiro Yoshino! 🇵🇷 🇯🇵
Andy Ruiz destroying the concept of Femi as we know it.
Murodjon Akhmadaliev: Obviously I Want To Be Undisputed - That's My Goal!
Michael 'Dynamite' Dokes KO's John L. Gardner.
How would Joshua’s UD victory against Franklin look if Franklin goes his entire career without being knocked out?
Anthony Joshua vs Ike Ibeabuchi- Fantasy Fight
I am looking for large scalereliable statistical information regarding bigger boxers vs smaller boxers.
Archie Moore vs Yvon Durelle
Daily Discussion Thread - April 07, 2023
Did Floyd Mayweather ever get truly tested?
Otabek Kholmatov (11-0, 10 KOs) shares sparring footage where he knocks out his partner. Kholmatov is the the WBA's #1 ranked featherweight. Mauricio Lara is the WBA champion in that division. While ranked #1, Kholmatov is not yet recognized as the official challenger (mandatory contender).
Eddie Hearn says that Boxxer, promoter of Brook-Khan, "knew" about the failed test result the night of the fight. Hearn did not know about the result and was negotiating a fight between Amir Khan and Manny Pacquiao six months ago, he said.
Full Gervonta Davis media scrum. Reiterates that Ryan Garcia is an incomplete fighter having only a left hook (dismisses his right hand), says Garcia is duplicitous (claims he is righteous, but gambles a lot), talks about Ryan wanting to be lazy or have an advantage if the fight was at '40, more.
ERROL SPENCE JR vs TERENCE CRAWFORD IS OFFICIALLY IN TALK, CANELO vs BENAVIDEZ
Stephen Espinoza on Spence-Crawford. He says that "99%" of the rumors out there are untrue.
Sugar Ray Robinson avenges his loss against Randy Turpin.
Gervonta Davis: Media Workout (4/6/23 @ 8PM EST) | #DavisGarcia is April 22nd on PPV | SHOWTIME BOXING
Per source, lightweight William Zepeda will face Jaime Arboleda on April 29 in a Golden Boy/DAZN main event in Arlington, Texas. It's a new fight that replaces Stanionis-Ortiz, which was recently postponed. #boxing
I THOUGHT HE WAS A D***H*** 😂 | What Happened When Jared and Shakur 1st Met | Unbox'd
Kazumichi, the owner of Winning USA has an amazing collection of photos, check them out!
Former Heavyweight Champion Gene Tunney describes his brutal first fight with Harry Greb.
What was the less competitive fight, Bivol v Canelo or Canelo V GGG 3?
How far could a journey man go in pro boxing with promotional backing
Sunny Edwards: I've Accepted My Side of Things To Fight Bam Rodriguez
TELL HIM I'M NOT NAKATANI! | Best Soundbites & Funny Moments From Shakur vs Yoshino Press Conference
Despite breaking his hand earlier in the fight Murodjon Akhmadaliev pours the pressure on in the 12th to stop Ronny Rios. MJ returns Saturday on DAZN.
Shakur Stevenson vs Shuichiro Yoshino first face off
Mendoza On Fundora Fight: I'm Gonna Shock The World, Pull Off Another Big Upset
Anthony Joshua Aims For Quick Return: In 12 Weeks, I Go Again!
Not seen this match-up before - Oleksandr Usyk vs Sonny Liston. Who wins, how, and why?
Joe Joyce vs Zhilei Zhang - Preview & Prediction
A.I. Punch Stats - Harrison vs. Charlo [Throwback Thursday] #16
Joshua Franklin bombs away. AJ's performance is much better in hindsight.
Alternate Reality Heavyweight Division
In another installment of the historic Mexico vs Puerto Rico rivalry, Shakur Stevenson beats up Oscar Valdez to become the first unified Super Featherweight champion in 17 years
Devin Haney: “Crawford Older Than Loma, Is He Old? No, Don’t Say That Loma Old" - Boxing News
Daily Discussion Thread - April 06, 2023
Kell Brook Wants Amir Khan to Face 'Hefty Fine' Over Positive Drug Test
Moses Itauma To Have Eight Fights in 2023, Says Frank Warren
In Defense of Cassius Clay By Floyd Patterson
How Prince Naseem Hamed Shaped British Identity
British Boxing Board of Control (BBBoC) knew about Amir Khan's test 1 year before Kell Brook did
Probox Live on YouTube at 8:00pm CST Wed
38 Year old Manny Pacquiao batters Jeff Horn around the ring (2017)
Crawfords Mandatory Alexis Rocha signed to fight Anthony young, Great sign for Spence vs Crawford to happen!!!!
18 year old Muhammad Ali spars with former Heavyweight Champion Ingemar Johansson in 1960.
What are some anecdotes from your favorite fighters?
Did Diaz Expose Devin Haney?
Gary Mason KO's Jess Harding.
David Tua: I'd come out of retirement to fight Mike Tyson
Canelo: "2nd fight w Golovkin, Eddie told me throw 100 more punches PR. W Bivol we (now) know what to do. No one can beat me after 100% training."
Lomachenko Open To Fighting Inoue At 126 Pounds, Shuts Door On Future At 140
On This Day in 1915 - Jack Johnson loses his Heavyweight title to Jess Willard after getting knocked out in the 26th round.
Lomachenko Believes That Jamaine Ortiz Is More Than Capable Of Giving Anyone A Tough Fight
What Happened the One Time Shakur Stevenson & Jared Anderson Sparred Together
Edwin De Los Santos Says he made Chris Colbert Quit in Sparring and Possibly Fighting Frank Martin
Canelo TKO’s Alfonso Gómez
Shakur Stevenson Episode 6 (Stevenson vs. Yoshino)
Shakur Stevenson's performance against Jamel Herring
Chantelle Cameron releases statement in response to accusations that she had Ellie Scotney removed from the upcoming Taylor vs. Cameron card
Is Fury trying to big brain for both a bigger purse and slower Usyk?
What is the best fight for AJ?
Daily Discussion Thread - April 05, 2023
Sugar Ray Leonard stops Wilfred Benitez at 2:54 of round 15
Sebastian Fundora Promises 'Fireworks' in Brian Mendoza Showdown - Boxing News
Sonny 'The Bear' Liston knocks out Floyd Patterson
170 fights, 152 defeats, 0 regrets. Well done Pooch, good luck with the reffing.
Koichi Wajima - Japanese Warrior [Credit: HanZaGod]
Ellie Scotney removed from Taylor Vs Cameron undercard, alleges Cameron insisted she was removed due to who trains her
Great Britain will boycott the IBA men's World Championships amid crisis in Olympic boxing
Frank Warren Column: Joshua is a diminishing force on the global stage
Aaron Pryor: The Pressure Fighter Who Dominated Boxing with Only One Loss and Earned Praise from Mayweather Jr.
The Controversial Fight: Emile Griffith's Tragic Knockout of Benny Paret in Response to Insults
Anyone know how to watch tank/ryan in Australia
Jose Ramirez-Richard Commey gate information: ~$306k, 4,117 tickets sold (~$74/sold ticket).
Inoue Naoya: Japan’s Boxing Monster Aims for Undisputed in Second Weight Class
Jared Anderson path forward.
Watching fights in Canada.
Ryan Garcia: Right After This We Calling Out Devin Haney!
Post-fight hate
A compilation of the most exciting and significant boxing matches between 1894 and 2022
David Morrell: I Intend To Take Care of Agbeko, Then Face David Benavidez!
Tyson Fury vs George Foreman?
Terrance Crawford on Twitter: It is April Fools! 🤣
It's highly unlikely a 1967 Ali could have beaten a 1988 Tyson. Change my mind.
'The Hackney Rock' Dennis Andries KO's Devon Bailey.
Adjusted boxing record
Gabe Rosado: I Plan on Dominating Bektemir Melikuziev Once Again!
Carmen Basilio - Vicious Pressure (credit: HanZaGod)
Haney vs Loma: THE FILM STUDY (Technical breakdown)
Anthony Joshua - Can He Become a 3-Time Heavyweight Champion? - Rummy's Corner
Shakur Stevenson hurts Robson Conceicao in the 6th round
The Errol Spence Jr - Terence Crawford Superfight Appears Set for June 17 in Las Vegas
Lawrence Okolie-Chris Billiam-Smith WBO Title Fight Set, May 27 in Bournemouth - Boxing News
Joshua on Going the Distance with Franklin: Mike Tyson Went 12 Rounds; What’s Wrong With Me Going 12? - Boxing News
Daily Discussion Thread - April 04, 2023
Roy Jones Says Smith Loss Will Enable Eubank To ‘Move Forward,’ Listen To Directions Better
