This is from an old interview where Xolo talks about his favourite dc characters aka Batman,Harley Quinn and Dr.Fate and says Young Justice is the show that introduced him to a lot of dc stuff
Are you happy with the level of bat gadgetry in The Batman?
DCEU Ranking
I have a question about the Blue Beetle trailer.
Just found something cool while watching the Shazam movie I have the same exact basket as the ones the kittens where in!
'Shazam 2' digital/Blu-ray contains over 31 minutes of deleted scenes
David Sandberg is working on a YouTube video where he'll talk about Shazam 2 and behind-the-scenes details
Shazam 2 has a lot of character moments as deleted scenes, a rant.
I have some questions about Shazam 2.
JOKER Folie à Deux Harley Quinn Cosplay
Did anyone else notice the Blue Beetle carbon copy Act I scenes from Shang-Chi? There’s a guy working a service job with his best (girl)friend and when his power is revealed, a bus gets chopped in half…
New promo art for The Flash Movie
David F. Sandberg Cameo in Shazam! Fury of the Gods
Think Grace Caroline Currey Would Make A Great Lois Lane in DCU. Seriously, since the box office of Shazam 2 was disappointing and killed the future of the Shazam family. She deserves a new role in the new DC Universe.
The Flash movie Helmet
The Justice League united with "No Child Left Behind" by Ye playing in the background
What's your favorite DCU movie?
Which Batman villain (who hasn’t appeared in a live action movie yet) would you like to see in the DCU?
"I gave maybe more of myself than I should have to the movie... and that can be painful, because someone can stomp on it and crush you. Or they can embrace it and love it,... I didn't think it was possible -- I gotta be honest." - Zack Snyder
DC biggest villain
Behind the Scenes footage from ‘Joker: Folie à Deux’ showing Lady Gaga as Harley Quinn during one of the film’s musical sequences.
Could the Blue Beetle movie compensate for Snyder’s Canceled Cyborg film?
Should some characters in James Gunn's DCU remember the old universe?
US lawmakers want the DOJ to investigate WBD over the merger claiming it has harmed workers and consumer choices.
my second justice society for my dcu
[FLASH] The Flash action figure and a surprise (NSFW)
POLL: Which Past Live-Action Superman Do You Want James Gunn's Version to Be Most Similar to?
RUMOR: The DCU's new Superman actor is reportedly expected to be in his early to mid-20s.
A new rumor has indicated that Lex Luthor will appear in DC Studios' Superman: Legacy
Wait, what? It's true! Own SHAZAM! FURY OF THE GODS on Digital today!
Watching Shazam Fury of the gods... My thoughts
Just can't really shake how well done Supermans powers were in Man of Steel, Snyder got the visuals down
The flash is 70 days away 🥳🥳🥳
He could have just flown away. But no, he had to stay there and cut the bus in half!
damn they already got Shazam2 on the site, I ain't even have to wait too long
James Gunn says a DC/M*rvel crossover "is more likely now" that he's in charge: "I would be lying to say that we haven't discussed it"
Will man of steel lore play into the new dcu building up to Superman legacy?
Now that James Mangold is writing/directing Swamp Thing, what other directors would you like to see do something in the DCU?
Who do you think should play Clayface if the batman 2 rumours turn out to be true ?
James Gunn confirms that Peacemaker season 2 will be coming after Superman: Legacy.
James Gunn revealed that the animated TV series Creature Commandos will be out on TV before Superman: Legacy hitting theater on July 11, 2025.
How likely is it that this guy’ll show up?
my founding justice society for my dcu
Stop downvoting people who say Blue Beetle looks generic - because it's the truth! Nothing about that movie looks different, fresh, or unique at all.
James Mangold Is Writing the 'Swamp Thing' Movie for DC
I tried photoshopping Xolo's mouth on to see what it might look like.
Teen Titans/Young Justice in DCU
what kind of tone you want in dcu
I hope James Gunn develops a Green Arrow: Supermax film for DCU that was in development/cancelled years ago
I may disagree with the angle of the Future DCU
Wonder Woman Cosplay by Lis.Wonder
The Batman made more profit than Batman v Superman, but it sold significantly less tickets.
These are the last DCEU films I haven't watched, do I even bother?
Supergirl Woman of Tomorrow
ELI 5 Keaton as Batman
Jeff Sneider: James Gunn looking for a "young, young, young" actor for Superman, 25 projects in the works at DC including a Lobo movie, The Authority releasing in 2026, gaming being a huge priority going forward, expect new showrunner for Peacemaker: Season 2.
Same person
According to DEADLINE - THE BATMAN (2022) made a profit of $177M. In comparison - BATMAN V SUPERMAN made $105M and MAN OF STEEL made $46M.
I really love the Tokusatsu/Power Rangers feel Blue Beetle has reminds me of a high budget The Guyver I'm definitely going to love this movie I love me some Tokusatsu based heroes
My Charcoal Drawing ‘Gotham Nights’ - Work in progress…
Exclusive images from the Shazam vs Black Adam movie starring Zachary Levi and Dwayne Johnson.
Blue beetle 💙
Can't say I blame him
‘The Batman’: Warner Bros’ Return To Theaters After Controversial Day-And-Date HBO Max Plan Flaps To No. 7 In Deadline’s 2022 Most Valuable Blockbuster Tournament
I know Asher Angel was barely in it, but Jack Dylan Grazer deserved a spot on the 'Shazam 2' Blu-ray/Digital cover art
Daily Planet Staff: Perry White, Jenny Jurwich & James Olsen. Photos by Zack Snyder
James Gunn on ‘SUPERMAN: LEGACY’: “I don’t think the movie would be worth making if it was just a redo of any other Superman adaptation. For us to truly thrive as a studio, we need to honor the past while simultaneously seeing them in a new light.”
Shazam! Fury of the Gods hits PVOD tomorrow, April 7, just three weeks after being released in theaters.
Willing Dr Fates
Does anyone remember that time when Donner's Superman smashed a taxi so he could look like a dork?
Warner Bros. announces 'Shazam 2' will be on Digital TOMORROW, 4K Blu-ray on May 23
In the comics, Batman knows and protects sex workers. This could be shown in The Batman Part II.
My metal version for Shazam Fury Of The Gods Theme
Blue beetle movie is going to be another generic superhero movie
clark is terrifying
The first teaser for ‘MY ADVENTURES WITH SUPERMAN’ has been released.
Does anyone else wish they had given Blue Beetle a mouth for his costume?
New DCBU Project?
Nolan's Thomas Wayne was evil for taking his chirotophobic son to this
My own take on the DC Elseworlds Multiverse logo design. To keep the imprint logo consistent with the current DC logo. The sun or compass outside the DC symbolize Superman's origins from vast outer space aka the starting point of Multiverse, the compass means the different direction of characters.
What could have been - a fan made sequel to Henry Cavill’s Man of Steel. What are all your thoughts on it? The art is created by the Midjourney AI software.
Hear me out… Keanu Reeves, Constantine sequel movie in the DCU. What do you guys think?
Why did no one tell me that he is coming back?
Hear me out, what if. . . .
Great homage to superman II
Joker 2 has wrapped as Todd Phillips shares new looks at Joaquin Phoenix, Lady Gaga
Hit me with your top 3 Jokers (any media)
What would you rather see in the DCU? Teen Titans or Young Justice?
Since we're getting a Blue Beetle movie and a Booster Gold show we're one step closer to a Blue & Gold series or movie
Batman: The Doom That Came to Gotham Multiversity Review
When Green Arrow shows up in the DCU, how would you would want him introduced, in a movie, tv show, or video game since Gunn said games will be connected.
Todd Phillips shares new photos of Lady Gaga and Joaquin Phoenix as Harley Quinn and The Joker in ‘Joker: Folie à Deux’
I never noticed it, but DAMN!!
Blue Beetle trailer like to dislike ratio on youtube.
Well, how do you explain this? I have my suspicions…
Thank you DC!
‘Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom’ Shifts Release Date Five Days Earlier to December 20
Will we ever see a story with Psycho Pirate on the big screen?
What is your idea of what the DCU/Legacy S-Shield should look like? Mine is...
James Gunn’s DCU
