Conquering
Bungie, let us decrypt our Prime engrams into whatever slot we want.
Competitive Point Decay
Best way to handle bubble/Well crucible players?
Been away for a while. Tldr: is going 42 lost sectors with only 1 exotic normal now?
Is it possible to give my new-to-the-game friend some gear?
Is Dredgen title no longer available?
When are we getting a Strand grenade that pulls enemies to us
Inspect after the match
Weapon damage buff date?
Banshee deepsight
What are the neomuna red drop rates at ?
Why aren't more people using Huckleberry
When duality dungeon is gonna bbe the pinnacle again i want the sword
The new seasonal exotic bow is disappointing…
Does Xur “appearing” on Friday make sense anymore?
How do I do talk to spider
Winterbite self-damage?!
Shadow Legion Surveilled in Ahimsa Park
Forsaken Pack exotic weapons
Terminal overload
does ember of combustion and well work with any weapons or just solars
Lightfall on sale - is it worth it?
Bungie forced my name to be changed and I can't change it back
Make Mask of Bakris glow change with shader glow like it used to be
Dear Bungie Stop making pve players play pvp.
Should i region lock my nighthawk router when playing pvp?
Weapon stats
What is going on in this game?
Time to frag ou-
Fighting lion isn't a void weapon?
Neomuna red borders bugged or something?
Unable to move past the deterministic chaos quest
Can we address loading into patrols/activities without full ammo?
Xur Exotic Engram
Not enough people willing to guide/sherpa raids.
Vent Post: The Amount of Bugs, Gimmicks, and RNG Required to Get This Weeks Raid Challenge Done is Unacceptable from a Triple A Studio With as Many Resources as Bungie
Does Radiant stack with Surge mods?
7 games of comp and no rose
Farming kings fall for doom of chelchis
Bungie: Make Lesser Core Harvests Guarantee a Enhancement Core
Can you still get the gumshoe title
How to remove weapons from saved loadouts if you want to (and if this hasn't been suggested already)
Give the Cerburs +1 Catalyst Kinetic Tremors
Should Weapon Surge Mods Move To Chest?
Armamentarium should do more than just grant a sevond grenade charge
Where do I get drang (baroque) f2p?
I’m pretty Furiosa with this Ursa dilemma
Foremost Vimana
Daily Questions [2023-04-08]
Solo Akelous Phase
Will trials be available next week?
New titan, help needed
Legacy season content sunset?
How do i get warlock subclasses?
How to get the Vestian Hawk ship?
Best way to farm glimmer
What comes first the artifact mod or the exotic intrinsic anti-champion?
Touch Of Malice
Reload animation canceling
Retrofit Escapade
I am Rank 60 in Neomuna, done over 30 heroic patrols and not seen a single Neomuna red border.
How do you get the witch queen exotic glaives in light fall?
What am I doing wrong?
will pay for fix - PS4 controller turning left or right EXTREMELY SLOWLY
Stasis 2.0 Concepts
Origin Traits are Missing on These Weapons!
Quests for Weapon Patterns would be nice
Dear Bungie, when I finally work up the motivation to play a game mode I hate to knock out a challenge/achievement/whatever......
What’s the best dps for solo akelous?
Season pass glitch?
More Crucible introduction screens
Can’t play D1
When is stasis getting tuned in bungie’s roadmap?
I went 18-6 in competitive tonight and ended 20 points lower than where I started.
Replace raid banners in season pass with something more valuable
"Player generated content is being blocked."
A Discussion Concerning "Bringing Difficulty Back Into Destiny"
The inevitable slog of Crucible
Why don't we have the option to avoid giving high numbers to certain armour stats?
Bungie, we need to talk about high stat armor.
Players can't join me?
can i start the destiny 2 main story from the beggining?(the tower being invaded)
Move Dungeon and Raid rotators from weekly to 3/4 day rotators.
Arc Holster not working on Breach GL in Crucible
The Immortal
Using a non crafted version of a weapon should contribute to the level of the weapon when you have it crafted.
I hope that after this crucible week, bungie understands at once how boring a game based on spamming skills instead of shooting can be.
Some exotic trace rifles could do with... makeovers?
Prophecy Dungeon solo (Hunter)
Is the witch queen exotic armor given at end of legendary campaign still bugged?
Previous Seasonal Armor ornaments
What’s your favorite class to use with Strand and why? Could be most fun or easiest to use?
For the newbies can the game indicate how to make heroic?
Am I missing something? Pinnacle rng
Ye Olde Reliable
Why isn’t void siphon working? Am i doing something wrong?
Is the witness accessing the plane of the creators?
Thoughts on the final encounter of the headlong mission in light fall
Can someone point me in the direction of a good Necrotic Grips build? PvE or PvP.
