We were robbed of what could’ve been an amazing episode
In the pilot Dwight is singing Little Drummer Boy. Years later, it’s revealed to be Angela’s favourite song.
Who do you think wrote the note that was defending pam’s note about cleaning up the microwave?
Am I the only one who liked Nellie? I see a lot of hate but after her whole "stealing the manager job" storyline, I really liked her.
Do you think the jokes Michael tells at the end of the roast episode were the original jokes he planned on doing at the roast if he didn’t break down
Don't be suspicious , don't be suspicious...
I just learned that the super fan episodes on Peacock are extended versions of the episodes. New content not featured in the main show. Some of this stuff is hilarious. Surprised it never made it to final cut.
Just the head of a monkey with the antlers of a reindeer… with the body of a porcupine.
S6, EP1: Gossip
Are these cigarretes and a matchbox? Who smokes in office?
Who's your favourite of Michael's characters? I'll start
Battlestar Galactica: Deadlock is free on Steam until April 9th!
The Office listed as an upcoming collab with BittyBoomers.
Where’s the chili?
What revelations and secrets would the people of the Office find out about each other after watching the documentary?
My Office themed vanity plate! "Clean-up on aisle 5"
Loved this photo of Karen and her husband
Watching ‘Big Love’ and noticed this little truth bender
What were Michael’s most sane moments?
Who does Toby play Dunderball with?
HA got’em
Watched the Michael Scott Paper Compny episode w the pancake luncheon recently and just realized how funny is that Michael tells Ryan to tuck his shirt in and because he is “the face of the the ‘Michael Scott’ company” 😂 this show us so many jokes that I miss till multiple rewatches ahahaha
The Many Faces of Schrute
"The Promotion"
MEGA DESK
This is a power suit
The warehouse guys put Michael's face on the sex doll 🤣🤣🤣
When everyone was standing up giving announcements, Jo Bennett said "Everyone thinks they're ____" Who was it?
Drove past this today. No clue what it means, but it was funny to see!
Most satisfying moment
Make the comment section look like quotes that Michael Scott could have come up with
Well I posted this yesterday, but from request, I've changed Dwight's weapons to crossbows
Michael called it
Last but not least! The Dundie!
Forgot to post these yesterday!
To those who work in the paper sales industry…
When an app thinks I’ll give up on waiting for the next episode to load
DUNDIE AWARDS
A Tale of Two Pams
if The Office was filmed in this generation, what do you think would be some things the characters would do, or say, which are common in this generation?
So all those Stamford employees moved over two hours away to Scranton for a new job and then they all just quit? They gotta be making some of this stuff up.
Jokes that would never be able to be on the Office today?
I need to know more about him
Need help with Michael Quote
No joke, just found out my friend got accepted into the top ranked school in the Ivy League! I’m very proud of her
The hotel misspelled Jim’s last name at Jim and Pam’s rehearsal dinner
Bobby Fischer playing himself in chess
The more I scuba, the better I understand Creed.
David Wallace was a bit dramatic.
What is your favorite Dwight line/ quote of all time
Sheer brilliance in a 9 second clip
When my wife comes home with regular toothpaste because she "forgot"
A reminder to drive safe guys, RIP chair model❤️
MANDATORY MEETING! Breakfast will be served.
So the reason why Jim is such a good salesperson is because of his voice. He seduces his clients. Right?
Favorite Mose moment?
Someone may have already made this, but I saw it on an old comment and decided to make this. Enjoy!
Lukewarm take: Phyllis is the worst character
What language will we be speaking in April 29 2030
You are going on a 10 hour bus ride and have to sit next to someone from the office - who are you choosing and why?
Divided by Opinions united by Pretzel Day ....
Why did they wait for Angela to say "no" so they could leave?
Superfan Episodes on Cable?
Shrutes assemble !
When David Brent says to Michael; "Any jobs going?", I desperately wanted Michael to say "Sure, pop round for an interview" and we get at least one episode with them both.
R.I.P (From the office: Somehow We Manage game)
Who did it best?
Thoughts?
Jokes/References You Never Got
Most rewatchable cold opening?
Someone please explain this joke to me
Are the UK Series and US Series in the same universe?
Phyllis tried her best.. honest!
What's your favourite Michael and Holly moment?
I've got a big box?
I've never seen the office. I've been here amongst you all for idk how long and I will continue to lurk in the shadows
What's your favourite Creed moment or quote? This is one of mine.
Just a little fun at good ol' Poor Richard's in Scranton PA!
When you are trying to play with your void cat but The Office is on in the background and the narrator says what Michael is thinking..
Got this today at a book fair!
The Gamecocks football team recreated this iconic scene
Favorite Stanley Hudson quotes?
If Michael had jumped off the roof in Safety Training and died, who in the office is the quickest and who’s the longest to grieve and who doesn’t care and goes about business as usual?
Why does everyone hate on Ed Helms?
Best Quotes- 5 words or less edition
Tiny Evil Dwight
What do you guys think of him?
Working at Dunder Mifflin Scranton would be awful
What is your favorite Michael line that isn’t “That’s what she said”, a misquoted saying or a Michaelism?
I asked an AI to write more "creedthoughts"
Break me off a piece of that fancy feast!
You know, I think if Pam wasn't around then Roy and Jim would be friends.
I just recently went to our office and look who I found…. The world’s best boss! (Oh God, Michael you’re everywhere)
Kev being a real one post #351
Came across this on other Sub… The Indian Office
Made this last night and I thought you guys might enjoy it
Was Meredith Devon’s boss?
Finally saw that Last Duel movie everyone’s been talking about. Riveting! Ridley Scott knocks it out of the park again! 10/10
"R thinks he is just too good to be here, and P is not as much fun without Jim." I love how Micheal still complains to his mom like a school kid. Wish we had seen Michael's mom.
Someone recreated The Office intros with 100 cups of latte art.
