Most Frustrating aspect of the game are the loading screens….
Im in the middle of build crafting and despite me beating this game multiple times I still dont know, does the blood fly incantation build up or damage scale with arcane?
Any lore on this guy?
hi everyone where can I find more simthing stone 8 this for my uchigatana thank you ?
Mystery enemy near Regal Ancestral Spirit - Anyone know who this is and how to reach him? You can see him from the regal ancestral corpse that you touch to get teleported to his fight
Cat owners VS Dog owners
What do yall do while waiting for Co-op or invasion? I hang around the prayer room fight the cleanrot Knight while waiting for someone to summon me.
Bleed nerf?
Ahh yes malenia phase 3? More pain :’D?
Colosseum combat
the best game
Another model in the bag! This week was the Queen Eternal!
Elden ring noob help
According to Steam’s statistics, more people got Ranni’s ending than the default ending
Halp! trying to complete ranni's quest line but she's disappeared (so has blaidd)
does armor matter? or i can wear what i want?
is the game supposed to look like this? (PC)
Fire Breathing Enemies
I have a favor to ask (ps5/4)
Gameshare gone want to buy a new copy
Str/faith or Dex/faith?
Does this door open?
Best level and location for low level pvp/coop?
What are good ashes of war for a dual wield DEX build?
For my mental
Build doesn't matter if u can't dodge..
My journey to 100% is finally complete
after beating elden ring can i continue playing (not in new game plus)?
I finally beat the Crucible Knight duo!
Way of the samurai I guess...
(Xbox) I hate limited Respecs.
Build Advice
Is this a good build?
Hey lore lovers, got a question for ya.
New problem
Biggest bitch ass boss
Is there any viability to Bubbles + Carian Retaliation?
My Game keeps freezing and crashing mid Game
Am I not supposed to be able to enter here?!?
Anyone else dislike getting their infos from wiki or article guides and instead get theirs from... anywhere else?
Is lightning slash into Placidusax's ruin still a true combo?
Helping the community
Tried summoning players for the first time
Is Tenchu our dad?
Can Outer Gods be killed?
Geoguessr of Elden Ring
Question about invasions
My first few minutes experience
Do you believe the Greater Will is a parasitic entity? Why/Why not?
Need help melenia 7th playthough xbox 1234 code
Discord giveaway servers
Just got the dark moon great sword
My 3000+ hour account
What’s one boss you could not defeat without help from others or cheese?
Daily Roundtable: Community Q&A
This probably isn't possible in any way...
I Solo'd Her: Year 2 Malenia Solo Summon
Let your summons buff.
question about endings
Roderika bugged?
The boss bugged, so we just kept doing damage. Hit 100k lol
Grave reaper build Recommends
Malenia Bug
Godfrey had enough of our ganking.
Transferring Playthrough(s) a to a New Xbox
Strongest boss
Do I have to buy out all Equipment of Champions before NG+?
A few Elden Ring memes.
Can I still get Gideon's rewards if I kill Maliketh before Mohg, Malenia, and discovering the loctations they are found in?
I need online friends to help meeee
Elden Ring PVP - Punish BOLUSES, INCANTATIONS, and other CONSUMABLES.
Anyone had any issues recently with lagging/staggering?
Vykes Dragonbolt: a small case study on unoptimisation
Kratos vs Tarnished. Who wins?
I have a favor to ask. (Ps5/4
Has "Game Rant" ever had an original ER story, or has it only regurgitated reddit posts?
Anybody know anything about all these dead Finger-Reader Crones?
Pc to ps5. Just got a ps5 for travelling reason. Can I use my gameplay with both pc and ps5?
Trying to make a Japanese swords man character, but I’m having trouble getting the character customization right
Does Irina die no matter if you turn in letter or not, no way to save her?
This is the most Elden Ring thing I’ve ever seen
Help optimizing my stat points for blasting through all the NG+ (at least through 7)
My runes got stuck in my water bottle :(
I have over 500 hours of Dark Souls 3 and I'm getting my ass spanked by Margit
Ever wondered what happens two Meta users run into each other?
So google is fucking worthless and won’t tell me. Can you farm ant spurs or is it only 1 drop per game I’ve never used it
I was always under the impression this fanbase was one of the nicest especially in the dark souls days but since playing elden ring on YouTube my opinion has really changed 😂
I’m going for a bleed build, what should I level up?
This place seems friendly
No image because I’m lazy
Seeking help with asstell on ps4
Who beat Elden Ring? (If you did what was the most fun boss?)
Expansion of PvP
It's easy, and it does a lot of damage~ (Alecto boss fight)
I got the fit, what build should I use with it?
you guys knew he's been here
Which enemies in Elden Ring do you wish didn’t respawn after killing?
Elden ring outfits
Seeking Homies
Can someone please give me the best maximum resistance to these ungodly arrows??
