First time player of the game, starting as Arcane any tips?
I forgot the story, what to do? (Spoiler: 6.3)
How do I become a better tank?
Code Swap FFXIV complete edition from EU to NA
Glamour question
I’m officially an honest gillionaire [achievement]
Would like advice on gear management/organization
Received another drawing of my WOL in the Frontier glamour set as a WHM. Commissioned artwork by Naoko Miura. :) Really love their style so much.
Hide ui
If you die in Eureka Orthos do you need to start over in order to get the solo title? Does it matter if you die along the way?
(OC) Starling Viera Commission!
Fan fest ticket before Monday
How is FFXIV on Steamdeck?
helping a friend with MSQ at Vesper Bay and found something interesting in chat
Reason # 5367 to dislike Ala Mhigans
Primal Lamia free company recruit
[Spoiler: 6.3] So when we finally save his world....
I drew my lala friend Tae !
Some artwork of my character done by the talented @HuMeiYu_art on Twitter
ChatGPT is great for character backstories!
A couple of commissioned renders, I'm pretty happy how they came out!
For 7.0 they really need to redo the World map for this game.
I know a lot of yall wont get this, but the feeling of a last tile win on this particular hand is just immaculate.
At long last, i am free
How can I find people to help me? (Free Trial)
All the best memories are hers. (Blade Runner: Black Lotus glam cosplay)
Choice Overload/ Relationship with the game.
Online item purchase - timing
now I'm just imagining a Loporrit transforming like Gigi did with Godbert's help
"Have you ever heard Dan shout?" - "No, but I've heard:"
Tongberry
Today, after 1 year and 4 months, I finally completed ShadowBringers!
GPU power draw spike in Borderless Windowed
What can low-level characters do to pass the time?
I feel like I'm being asserted dominance on right now....
In another reality
Wait, I’m sorry, you want me to do what?!
Screee but as lolita dress!
Squadron Storm Captain quest not appearing despite conditions met?
Absent-minded moments
Trying to ID signatures on signed copy
Heavensward coming to Eorguessr!
Steam Deck FFXIV
Well that was disheartening.
Platinum Card Packs
Gf drew my lala char :-))
QOL change many of us would like to see, Quest Icons that indicate cutscenes
Healer Help
art for alex (@ergione)
Nidhogg but colored! (@hawkle)
Some fanart of my dancer
The fairest maiden in the eorzea
Why is Main Scenario Roulette really long queue times this week?
Every year I do an NG+ to do an annual replay of the MSQ, plus whatever class/job quests I'm in the mood for in between chapters
What is your least favorite Frontlines map and why is it definitely (Secure)?
Final Fantasy XIV
Farming Sustaining Potions for PotD?
I just finished Shadowbringers.
drew Lord Haurchefant
If you struggle with depression, how did Endwalker impact you?
Whoever came up with these missions to trail little kids in EW needs to be fired.
How To Find Another Player's Character
Steam Deck Frustration
Why is this treated as "normal"?
Will I get 30 days if I buy the collection addition?
Lv 82 BLM rotations.
Game is making me feel drained.
One of those static commissions by Vivy Utahime
shiva statue item code location?
On what settings do you think I could play FFXIV on THAT MacBook Air M2?
Moogles, kupo!
playing FFXIV at high ping?
First Time DPS
Lodestone character not displaying/removed after world Transfer
How can I keep all a realm reborn relic weapons for paladin?
Non-japanese speaker. What's this trailer for?
Just started
Wanting to 3D print Kaladanda (final stage HW blm relic)
My failed submission to the furniture design contest, Seafarers Rest, the indoor hammock
Arcanist and other dark side stories
Materia extraction
Y'shtola [art by lyra0730]
Tonberry Glam in the Praetorium is both a blessing and a curse.
I asked my freind to do roulettes with me and my WAR and his NIN had the same aesthetic
So today, I visited the CUL guild IRL...
What are the Au Ra exactly? Does lore reveal this?
Asha & Onix - Miqo'te Commission (by @magda_iruno)
Does tactics change squad behavior?
I Finally got my House!
RAGE THREAD - F-YOU FRIDAYS - IN THE DARKNESS
Late announcement?
drew my WOL
intense nom activate!! My WoL kid version fanart XDD part 4 hehehe
Why do people disband right after getting ex mount loot?
For anyone in the duty I joined…
New Japanese FFXIV promotional video
Fashion Report - Full Details - For Week of 4/7/2023 (Week 271)
So time to speculate, what iconic "attacks" do you think Shadowbringers will bring the Blue Mage?
Daily Questions & FAQ Megathread April 07
My WOL doing some training :^)
