Survive storm phases while carrying a weapon of Epic rarity or higher" not updating
I just got killed by Sludge
One day, Shaman… One day…
Fortnite Capture point is too OP?
You Didn't Knock!
3v1 clutch. Not much but it made me happy. :)
Bonus style for Purple Hunter is done!
My man just wanted to be miles morales early
I’m trying to change my epic games account email and the previous email that was being used had a change in name, is there any way to fix this?
Is the 'survive storm phases with an epic weapon' quest broken?
Account was disabled
Can anybody help me at all? I've been unable to log into my actual Epic account for months since it's connected to a deleted email, and everytime that I contact Support, I provide everything except for one thing (receipts that are IN the email) yet they deny me. Can anybody help me at all?
What in the world is going on with the sword still?
Who is this superhero? Wrong names only.
Lantern fest button unbound?
Anyone else stop playing competitively and play for the player interactions?
Syndicate stage 3 clearly glitched, anyone find a way to get past it??
Am i bad or is the darth vader skin hitbox misleading
Bot skills, you welcome to play if you want to chill and laugh.
Anybody own Iris and Maven and can show me a pic of Iris with the techie laptop backbling?
Is there no way to get non cross platform matches?
Laughing at our own defeat
Vehicle controls always Unbound from the start, now stuck on falcon quest for same issue
Could Golden Gear Midas be one of the cold blooded leaders
Bug with story quests?
anyone know this old friend of mine?
I just noticed my intensity emote is gone.
Bug with Crowns?
Highwire's hair glows slightly which allows for some pretty cool screenshots with low exposure
Augments broken
holy shit what
Give a recruited Specialist a command
What do y'all think is hands down the worst season of Fortnite?
Hirable NPCs are ruining the game
Hard, Hard Decisions
90s TV Dream Collabs
Heavy Sniper 1 - 0 Pulse Rifle
So... is there any reason they went back to doing reskins of the CHAPTER 2 default glider?
It’s extremely annoying not being and to emote when you have augments
Pulse rifles yay, or nay?
I have 2 displays, one 1080 the other 4k, how do I make Fortnite use my 4k monitor and also get the higher resolution settings?
Syndicate mission
Being good at the game = no life, according to this sub
It’s all fun and games before the slaughter.
BUG: Anyone else can't complete Synidcate Questline?
We got .... an alien themed season, a spy themed season, and a Japanese mythology themed season.
Sometimes accepting a party invite kicks me from the match I'm currently playing
Kinetic Blade bug. The glitches you see are not from the replay, it actually happened to me in game. (Xbox Series X)
How many of you can say you've won underwater before?
How to finish "Survive Storm Phases with Epic Weapon" (4 Requirements)
haven't been able to play since last season due to this glitch. I need help
Didn't know the geyser would launch vehicles
Fornite Skin Art OC
Am I Expecting Too Much? (FPS)
read it silly
Game idea
Spraying the camera / breaking the fourth wall
I am become evil, the destroyer of eggs
Funky Town (low quality)
First win of the season, and it was a crown victory
Evidence of mod menu
Day 34, I have infiltrated the sweats and/or tryhards defenses, they have yet to notice I am not one of them.
Daily Shop (2023-4-8)
Pretty tired of the anime art style skins
Easter Egged Skye Concept (art by me)
Chapter 1 sucks
Epic games not logging in !
How to direct a hired npc?
If there was one Battle Pass exclusive from a previous season that you could buy, which would it be?
This player hired a traitor
Just a question
Fortshit logic
So the Kid Laroi map got updated and...
Was this guy hacking or just insanely good???
Crash after recent update
I really want a "shut the **** up about bounties in big team battle modes" option
Look at this nice headshot
(Not sure how late I am to this party but) MEMORIES BROKEN (also need ideas for jestream sam locker and senator armstrong)
I’m not the only one, surely…
Bugged blob for red-eye reticle
just relaxing amidst the chaos
TIL Sprinting on the grind rails gives a huge and satisfying speed boost
Sasuke clutches with a SWORD? 
Is this where we go for 2nd place to pulse rifle anonymous?
How do I get rid of the Wifi Symbole with the red X and yellow down arrow?
When is he coming again?
How does ZB match making work? Why is every game boring with bad team mates?
Fps drops
Banned For "Cheating/Exploits"?
Help me progress
Bad frame drops on PC since last patch. Anyone else?
Am I crazy or it that Jonesy on her backpack ?
No Calculator.....I wouldn't have bought
An idea where you could block players
has anyone else had this problem
Game always disconnecting mid-match
Nothing beats charging into someone else's battle.
Found this from a while back, thought I might share it.
Got em'!
Back with another skin concept! The Weeper Reaper- A spiritual apparition who appears before tragedy strikes! He does a crying motion with his hands and brings chills to those he is near. Before you can confront him, he's gone. Was it all a dream? And illusion..?
