Ayaka
Every time I login to get a Fortune Slip…
Genshin Impact if it was on Steam. What could have been...
What are the cases of characters that according to the lore could work together but are not compatible in the gameplay (or viceversa) that surprises/annoys you the most?
I just finished the quest with Nahida and I have a few questions.
cant wait to lvl this artifact up! :D
They did what to katheryne..!?
I pulled an Airbender
Nilou/DMC/Collei/Barbara vs 12-3-1 in 38 seconds. C0 Nilou, No 5* weapons.
I've finally completed the first 8 floors of the abyss 😃
Strongest C2 Characters in genshin
Worth it
Radishes! Radishes everywhere! (OC)
Am I done yet? ;u;
Haven't played the game since Sumeru launch
Reject Nilou bloom, embrace NILOU FRIDGE!
Personal head cannon/theory
Pizza Hut x Genshin (invalid code)
Birthday girl !
Wanderer and Shogun:
Shenhe Build
venti!! (again)
Is the new area would be in underground?
Traveller Lore Theory (MANY MANY SPOILERS)
Barbarock !
now this takes some ninja fast fingers to achieve...
if 2D why hot (art by me!)
Do I keep this wishes next banner?
This hoyofair gonna be amazing
how the restrict act will affect genshin impact american server ?
That’s lucky
Why does Sara leave normal footprints if she is wearing some... interesting... sort of shoes that kind of do not let the whole foot reach the ground?
Can I delete a psn account in order to play my mobile account on my ps5?
What are your lore theories about the traveler, the descenders, the abyss and an upcoming the previous hydro archons death or passing?
I forgot this mechanic, and I can’t find it in the tutorials, so can someone tell me what I should do?
Razor DPS Build
👍
Does a Ayato, Yae miko, yao yao and kazuha team work?
So I did a thing..
Genshin Impact Live Wallpaper v1.6 - KLWP Theme with Nova Launcher on Android, Tutorial in the comment. Enjoy! :)
the 4th betrayal
Kind of Messed Up that I need to use the App to enter the Raffle
Returning player/account problem question
Startup Issue
Amber build for farming thundering manifestation
"Use Condensed Resin" should be on triangle instead of square
a poem for my queen
Traditional art Jean
The Doctor:
Top comment will decide the next move! (Sumeru VS mondstadt,poorly edited but yeah)
Elegy and Freedom Sworn stacking question
whats something that new and old players still do that whenever you see it, it drives you crazy?
How do I get down there?
genshin PC players what computer do you use?
How can I progress?
What character closest matches this personality?
Someone joined my world and played Klee's song for me, it was so wholesome. Soup if you're out there, thankyou for making my day <3
Which Genshin Character That You Feel Would Work Well With Different Seiyuu/Japanese Voice Actor?
Is it just be or are wishing rituals complete bullshit.
With the attempt of putting crossover characters like the one with horizon. If they were to reattemp, who would it be and why?
Are kate and paimon related?
Well timed pictures I took
Gotta catch them all
Skyward Atlas surface-to-air missiles intercepting birds.
What Weapon/Character combo do you use that isn’t meta but is just so aesthetically pleasing that you don’t care? Here are some of mine.
Kazuha vs. Sucrose
Raiden Shogun from the Spring Wonderland web event
Question (ps5)
On PC, can you remove a singular payment option?
Dehya fanart ! Happy birthday~
Yo! I just watched nilou's dance cutscene for the first time and I can't stop thinking that the OST is inspired by some Brazilian music style
That was unexpected
Art by Ragdoline on Tumblr
Rate my ayato ?
Yelan found you!
I’m getting sick and tired of having to defend genshin impact for “copying” breath of the wild when they didn’t copy a singular thing
writing poems for my fav characters :)
[OC] Magic Mona
Honorary 5* who would you consider to fit that title?
Amber VS Oceanid's Zoo, No Damage Taken (11-2 Second Half)
DPS Shenhe
has the stutter on ps5 gotten better?
Rate my genshin team. I want advice and constructive criticism
Are 90 wishes enough to get Qiqi?
People with guarantees, who are you waiting for?
I accidentally got stuck on the ancient waterpipes and glitched into the underworld and was able to confirm that the Eternal Oasis is indeed physically under the desert...
HBD Dehya! 🎂🎊
my yoimiya fanart
If you could erase you memory and re-play the game how would you play it differently?
Building charaters
Keqing Quick Build Help
I need Hoyo to sell me this Alhaitham outfit immediately. Maybe he has been reading too many detective novels from Fontaine lol
I always wonder...
This TCG match took 30 minutes 
Raiden Sho'nuff, from the '80s cult classic "The Last Vishap"
Casual Nilou (with glasses)
A noble attempt (2 pages)
How good is Kaeya?
Catluc
"The way to a man's heart is through his stomach" they say
