[The Charging Buffalo] Skinner getting under Larkin's skin.
Hockey is skills are insane
Poulin passes 100-goal mark for Canada in game vs. Czechia at worlds
GARRIOCH: The decision to scratch goalie Cam Talbot means his days with the Senators are numbered
Which team had the most consecutive playoff seasons where they only lost to the eventual Stanley Cup champion?
[PR] Jack McBain has broken the Coyotes single-season record for hits. He currently has 289.
Flyers assistant coach: 'It looks like some guys in here don’t even care'
2022-23 NHL Standings with IIHF Points (Western Conference) - April 7, 2023
IIHF Women's World Championship Post Game Thread: Canada vs. Czechia - 07 Apr 2023
Women’s World Championship Tickets
JFresh’s preseason standings predictions
Michigan Forward Adam Fantilli Is 2023 Tim Taylor National Rookie Of The Year
[Peters] Adam Fantilli becomes the third freshman to win the Hobey Baker Memorial Award. He joins Paul Kariya and Jack Eichel.
IIHF Women's World Championship Game Thread: Canada (1-0-0-0) vs. Czechia (0-1-0-0) - 07 Apr 2023 - 07:00PM EDT
[MoneyPuck on Twitter] Worst defensive pairings: Highest goals against per 60 minutes played together (300 minutes minimum)
Which players on your team are 100% gone after this season?
[NCAA Ice Hockey] Congratulations to Devon Levi of NU for being named the Mike Richter Award (best goalie) for the second year in a row!
IIHF Women's World Championship Post Game Thread: Germany vs. Finland - 07 Apr 2023
If the Bruins beat the Capitols next week, they will not have lost a single season series this year
Reminaing Players Without Visors
Since there's no hockey today, here's Nords vs Habs on Good Friday in 1984
[Discussion] Who is a player on your team who has had an underrated season?
From Lightning and Leafs to Arizona, NHL’s spending gap widens to record level
Why are there no games on today
[Marc-André Perreault] Marty St. Louis having fun with a shootout attempt during Habs practice today
[SinBin.Vegas] Cassidy on Mark Stone: “No news is good news.”
Karlsson is 2 Points from 100 with 4 Games Remaining
IIHF Women's World Championship Game Thread: Germany (1-0-0-0) vs. Finland (1-0-0-0) - 07 Apr 2023 - 03:00PM EDT
[Michael Russo] Kaprizov says he’s mostly been “chilling” during his time off 😂 He also made clear that the injury was an unfortunate “hockey play” and he positioned himself incorrectly. Has no ill will for Logan Stanley. “These things happen.”
[Calgary Flames] Thanks to you, over the last month we have set TWO new jersey auction records: our Indigenous Celebration and Pride warm-up jerseys are our most successful jersey auctions ever with over $100,000 raised
[Anderson] Pastrnak on playing through the bug: "You know, we have leaders like [Patrice Bergeron]. You learn from them all [your] life, so there's not many things that can stop you, you know?"
[Ryan] Montgomery: McAvoy and Krejci are day-to-day. Krejci probably “doubtful” for this weekend. Hall a “possibility” this weekend.
Arizona finished with 7 road wins all season and only 1 vs a Western Conference opponent (4-2 win over Nashville Feb 13th)
IIHF Women's World Championship Post Game Thread: United States vs. Switzerland - 07 Apr 2023
Peter Mahovlich 1972 game 2 shorthanded goal mosaic
[NHLPA] With 3 wins this week to make it 5 straight, Florida Panthers netminder Alex Lyon led the league in saves with 116, including a 56-save performance, and recorded his first career shutout to earn the title of NHLPA Player of the Week.
[Russo] Kirill Kaprizov WILL return for the Minnesota Wild tomorrow. Gus Nyquist is questionable
[Minnesota Wild] What you've all been waiting for... ⬇️
[Russo] Joel Eriksson Ek is week to week with a lower body injury. Absolutely devastating to a team with little center depth. Oskar Sundqvist (lower body) is day to day. Again, sounds like Kirill Kaprizov is on verge of return. Wild will need a forward from Iowa
[PK Subban] How it started… how it’s going! You never know the impact you can have on the next generation! Thanks Weeksey!
NHL version of NFL 4x100
Brandt Clarke(LAK), who is notably not a forward, has 30 points in his last 10 OHL games
OFFICIAL FRIDAY TRASH TALK THREAD - APRIL 07, 2023
Who's your "not McDavid" MVP this year?
[Highlight] Filthy pass to set up the goal by Minnesota in the Frozen Four against BU
Daily Free Talk Thread - Plus, game thread links & live scores/video replays inside - 07 Apr 2023
Who wins the Norris this year?
[Friedman] Hearing Luke Hughes will join NJ this weekend in Boston. Not sure on when he’ll play, but he’s going to immediately acclimate himself with the team.
[MoneyPuck.com] Juuse Saros has gone on an amazing run and is now the top goalies of the year for goals saved above expected
IIHF Women's World Championship Game Thread: United States (1-0-0-0) vs. Switzerland (0-0-0-1) - 07 Apr 2023 - 11:00AM EDT
Carson Briere enters transfer portal after dismissal from Mercyhurst University team
IIHF Women's World Championship Daily Free Talk Thread - Game threads, tournament & player discussion, etc. - 07 Apr 2023
With his goal last night, Valdimir Tarasenko has scored against all 32 of the currently active NHL teams.
I am a big fan of heading down to the glass for NHL warmups. If you haven't done this I recommend it.
I love and hate how tight the final playoff spots are right now.
Great plays by Karlsson to set up Lorentz
[TheWHL] Zellweger scores the OT winner with 1.5 seconds for Kamloops over Vancouver to sweep the series.
Post Game Thread: Arizona Coyotes at Seattle Kraken - 06 Apr 2023
The Seattle Kraken have clinched a playoff berth, their first in franchise history
[Teemu Selanne] 50 goals and counting 👏👏👏Congrats Mikko Rantanen , I might know where you got your magic touch😂👍
Post Game Thread: Colorado Avalanche at San Jose Sharks - 06 Apr 2023
Post Game Thread: Los Angeles Kings at Vegas Golden Knights - 06 Apr 2023
[Dimitri Filipovic] Juuse Saros two games vs. the Hurricanes this season: 96 saves on 99 shots against
[COL 6-SJS 2] Ben Meyers with his 2nd of the game!
With Vancouver's first shutout win against Chicago, the Columbus Blue Jackets are now the only team yet to record a shutout in a win or shootout loss this season.
The Vancouver Canucks have shutout a team for the first time since December 6th, 2021 (133 games) with a 3-0 win over Chicago.
The Vancouver Canucks have tied the franchise record with four 30-goal scorers in a season
Post Game Thread: Chicago Blackhawks at Vancouver Canucks - 06 Apr 2023
Bring back The “Playmaker”
Matias Maccelli's 36th assist of the season
ANALYSIS | Winnipeg Jets in reach of new record: Quickest collapse by a 1st-place team in NHL history | CBC News
2022-23 NHL Standings with IIHF Points (Eastern Conference) - April 6, 2023
[COL 4-SJS 1] Mikko Rantanen completes the hat trick on the same night he gets his 50th goal! That’s goal number 52!
With tonight's 4 point game (so far) Mackinnon has taken the league lead in even strength points per game
Dakota Joshua jumps into the Blackhawks' bench
Barrie Colts goaltender Anson Thorton rips 200-foot goal in OHL playoff game
[COL 2-SJS 1] Mikko Rantanen gets his 51st on a feed from Rodrigues!
[NHL PR] Mikko Rantanen became the fifth different player in Avalanche / Nordiques history to score 50 goals in a season and the first since Milan Hejduk in 2002-03.
Jack Hughes before signing contract: 55 pts in 120 games. After signing: 148 pts in 124 games.
How to watch the playoffs overseas?
[CTV News] Kitchener Rangers sweep Windsor Spitfires to advance to next round of playoffs
[COL 1-SJS 1] Mikko Rantanen gets his 50th of the season!
[Van 1 - 0 Chi] Stalock commits grand larceny on Beauvillier with a windmill save
[Sportsnet Stats] Senators & Panthers combined for 166 PIM tonight. It's the most combined penalty minutes in an NHL game since November 5, 2016 (171 PIM: Canucks vs Maple Leafs)
[NCAA Ice Hockey] (2) Quinnipiac defeats (3) Michigan, 5-2, and has punched their ticket to the National Championship!
[Van (2) - 0 Chi] Kravtsov scores his first goal as a Canuck with a little help from Jones
[Wheeler] Shane Wright and the No. 1-seeded Windsor Spitfires have been swept in the first round of the OHL playoffs by the No. 8-seeded Kitchener Ranger.
Post Game Thread: Philadelphia Flyers at Dallas Stars - 06 Apr 2023
Juuse Saros' Goals Saved Above Expected stats for this season so far.
[Krenn] Cooper on his level of concern with tonight's injuries: "High. Not so much about Maroon, but for sure Jeannot. That's a little worrisome."
Post Game Thread: Carolina Hurricanes at Nashville Predators - 06 Apr 2023
[Van (1) - 0 Chi] Kuzmenko score with a wrist shot through traffic and gives Hirose his first career NHL point
Post Game Thread: New York Rangers at St Louis Blues - 06 Apr 2023
[Friedman] BOS coach Jim Montgomery said Charlie McAvoy was removed from TOR game for precautionary reasons. Bruins do not believe anything serious.
[NHL] 5-0-0 with just seven goals allowed in his last five starts. Oh, and he made 56 stops tonight. The Lyon King’s been ELITE for Florida Panthers in their push for the playoffs.
[SN Stats] Cole McWard becomes the 16th defenceman to play for the Canucks in 2022-23, setting a franchise record for the most blueliners used in a single season
There was a total of 166 minutes of penalties in the Panthers v Senators game
[DAL (1) - PHI 0] Robertson scores with 1.3s left in the period
[NHL Public Relations] For the second straight year, the Maple Leafs will open on home ice in a First Round series against the Lightning.
With the Islanders' win a few minutes ago, all contenders for the Eastern Conference Wild Card Race picked up 2 points tonight
