Doesn't the fact that Rhaenyra needed Viserys to defend her on his deathbed show she royally screwed up? If you need a walking corpse to atone for the consequences of your actions, then you reaaally messed up
Do you think Daemon thought there was a connection between his father's death and Otto?
You only have 15 extra minutes to tack on to the season. What scenes would you add to give the black kids more depth?
Daemon & Rhaenyra: 👁️👄👁️ || Alicent: 🤨🤨🤨
Our House is Divided. Help Us Name Our Children. Info in comments
‘Game of Thrones’ Star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau Can’t Bring Himself To Watch ‘House Of The Dragon’
Is Daemon cool?
My drawing of Vermax in the dragonpit
Concept art for Meleys by Kirill Barybin
One of my favorite scenes that's not in Fire and Blood. The music makes it 10x better
The politics of Daemyra
ELIMINATION OF DRAGONS (SPOILERS) (SHRYKOS HAS BEEN DEVOURED) (COMMENT WHO YOU WANT TO ELIMINATE)
Looks like a nice sunset is due at Driftmark tonight...
Why did Daemon pack his crime hoodie for his wife's funeral? 🤨
Amazing acting with Bethany, Eve, and Will they killed this scene
Leonardo Targaryen
Battle of the monarchs: rhaenys vs rhaenyra
Was Daemon and Rhaenyra's marriage even necessary?
Kieran Bew has reportedly joined the cast for ‘HOUSE OF THE DRAGON’ Season 2 in a so far undisclosed role
If only Otto had allowed Daemon to remain as heir for a few more years, he would've had an easier time placing Aegon on the throne.
Understanding “Fire and Blood” the book vs “HOTD”the show. I hope this clarifies some of the confusion I saw some fans having.
If viserys had married laena velaryon instead and kept rhaenyra as his heir do you think the dance would have still happened?
What's the hype with Daeron?
If Alicent told Rhaenyra about Visery's talking about Aegon's dream, and Rhaenyra explained what 'that' actually was, would Alicent submit the crown to Rhaenyra?
Time for Casting Announcements?
COMPLETE DRAGONS ELIMINATIONS (SPOILERS) (COMMENT WHO YOU WANNA ELIMINATE) (MOST UPVOTED COMMENT ELIMINATES)
Is it a coincidence that Dreamfyre’s rider is a dragon dreamer?
King Viserys confronts Daemon..
What would happen if Prince Jacerys ran into his uncle Aegon at Winterfell?
My favorite thing I've ever painted
Ask me a question about the show, then edit your comment to make me look bad.
What is Daemon's relationship with Alicent's kids like?
Ser Criston Cole’s induction to the white cloaks (deleted scene)
Yup
🤣
I wish we had more happy Helaena moments :‘)
Warner Bros is holding a press event on April 12th. This is probably where we’re gonna get some info about HOTD or Aegons Conquest or other spin-offs.
If you had to pick one person, dead or alive, to be Queen or King of the Seven Kingdoms, who would it be, and why?
rumor casting
Her grace, Queen Aemma Arryn
Thoughts and comments welcome
Happy Birthday Fabien Frankel 🎉🎉🎉
Who is this man??
Went to Abu Dhabi just to meet this Daddy D!
I dont handle this story and i wanna share how i feel
Balerion, Vagar & Meraxes.
This is where I believe Vhagar is located within Kingslanding since she can’t fit inside the Dragon Pit.
The Barbie promo’s just keep coming!
Peter Johnsson House of the Dragon sketches
How are they going to fix this?
I can't believe there was a time when people were questioning if Emma could pull it off. I think Emma's Rhaenyra is the definition of how a Targaryen queen should look like.
Emma D'Arcy nominated for Breakthrough Performance at MTV Awards
Google Trends of Westerosi Houses
The beacon on the Hightower
Who do you think the prince that was promised is
This scene is going to shock the world (other than book readers)
Met the incredible Paddy C and Matt Smith at the weekend
Please don’t tell mum
Barbie marketing has taken over the internet today.
Will Aegon II redeem himself in 2nd Season?
are there any chances Milly will be back for flashbacks in s2?
just a question what is happend to episode 11+12?
Tell me your opinions of Daemon, do you love him? Hate him? Why?
five tickets to barbie please 🧏‍♀️
DAE think Henry Cavill should play _______ in a spinoff.
First image of one of the new HOTD season 2 sets being built at Leavesden Studios in Watford
What do you think
Show Rhaenyra Feels a Lot Like...
Okay, so now i'm presenting you two actors who could REALLY play the Conqueror.(Because of their age, they're not in their 40's) Aaron Taylor-Johnson(32) and Sam Claflin(36) Watch Bullet Train and Peaky Blinders, they both have incredible charisma for the role. And both are british. It's important.
From what movie is this or what is this?
🐲
If Prince Baelon survived, would Rhaenyra be betrothed to him?
Should Henry Cavill play Aegon I Targaryen?
The true heir to the Iron Throne
Justify treachery because Rhaenyra would kill his brothers,no no and no
Alright so what problems do y’all have with the writing in S1? Literally anything goes no matter how bs it might be
The Tragedy of the Targaryen Cousins (Rhaenys, Viserys, Daemon, Aemma)
Plan for the next seasons of HOTD
(Spoilers extended) Aegon II really levelled up during the Dance
Is House Of The Dragon easier to follow compared to Game Of Thrones?
Dragon riders and their dragons. (Art by Anabel Reds)
This may be a repeated topic but bare with me
ASOIAF characters who I think resemble Rhaenyra and Alicent the most
Another new picture of Emma d'Arcy behind the scenes as Rhaenyra Targaryen
Should Alicent have gone the devolution route to protect her family?
I can’t wait to see this scene come to life
If you don't mind answering
When you see last weekend’s one night stand at the bar.
Does anyone else think the writing on the show sucks? Just finished 1x09 and oh boy.. [spoilers]
Why didn’t House Arryn try to gain as much power as House Hightower did?
What moment would you be most looking forward to from the conquest?( for me it’s ….The Last Storm )
What are the pots that the dragon eggs resting in called?
New still from Ep 5 released
Little Rhaena fearing that she won't be allowed to stay with her own family always gets me 🥺
Is r/hotd the only tvshow subreddit where posts with pictures of the lead actor has to be locked?
Just got the fire and blood book and I have a question.
Asking for a friend
When are they filming season 2?
'Game of Thrones' Prequel About Aegon's Conquest Eyed at HBO
King Jaeherys and the dance
