It’s time to say GN to the synagogue of Satan. Time for Jay⚡️
All Mine feat. Kendrick Lamar
Hey there ;)
Law of Attraction
Fixed it
Cudi’s verse on AOTL annoys me
Bro kanye deleted his “I’m sorry” post after drake (a Jew) did this shit, I’m faded rn so idk if this is already known
Graduation x Starry Night
lets have a toast
If Kanye was on Stop Trying To Be God
Did You Know?
Thoughts on Common?
When Kanye’s Spotify page takes an extra half second to load
When I Was Your Man with 808’s vocal filter - AI Kanye West
This never happened...
What are your predictions for Kanye's next album?
Let Go - KanYe West (AI Cover)
Kanye West’s Donda Academy Sued for Firing Teachers, Code Violations – Rolling Stone
Does New Slaves use the same sample as King Push?
Am I the only one who thinks Kanye is possibly done with music?
What are thoooooseeee [boots]????? 1993?
Ye texts about Chris Stylez
Projecte Gandia i Esquerra Republicana concorreran junts a les eleccions municipals
Yandhi
I'm past it being good it's too calming actually
I created a Kanye Quotes app for Android - Would love to hear some feedback
Do any of you have a favorite unreleased Kanye album
this is my top 10 kanye of all time, opinions
The New Workout Plan
When will Ye drop
If Kanye was a food, what would he be?
This song so damn freaky
Emclones CD
Ye explaining why he won't take off his mask 😂
I put lil Wayne' Face tattoos on Kanye
Ye got a new job mowing grass😅😅😅😅
Sanctified live w/ Rick Ross and big Sean
When you're at a New Years party but Kanye didn't drop a new album
I’m one person away from Ye now
What do yall think about this version of Selfish?
Top 10 songs rn opinions???
Guys did you know Kanye West is on GOOD music? 🤯🤯
Shit could get menacin'
Wish he would’ve used the beginning sample through the entire song
When is the last time Ye jerked off, what yall think?
Stop tripping I'm tripping off the powder
Someday We'll All Be Free (Remaster)
MOTTO-NF
I think Some Day We’ll All Be Free premiering on a radio show fits the aesthetic of the beat & sound, not entirely sure why…
Who would you like to see Kanye produce a whole album for? Besides Kanye
If DONDA 2 was a dog. Top-voted comment wins. GO
r/Kanye's thoughts on this song?
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is some of Kanye’s best work
Kanye or Taylor? Why?
If you was a guest in the studio, which track would you want to see Kanye produce?
ChatGPT helped me write a Ye track about fish sticks. Now I just gotta get a hold of Kid Cudi
The One’s outro is just so good
Donda Academy 💀
Anyone else feel like Drake is just trying to trigger Ye?
Throw Ya Hands Up- B-Shock
Kanye West - When I Was Your Man
Does anyone else think Yeezus is his best album?
Twin peaks inspired artwork
CPR - CupcakKe (ft. Kanye)
Twitter Users Brace For Ye's Reaction To New Drake Song That Samples Kim Kardashian...this story is starting to get major coverage
If you were in a room with Cudi and Kanye what would you say?
Drake drops "Search & Rescue", samples Kim Kardashian.
Sorry its funny
Why is this actually fire
Kanye Responds to Drake "Search and Rescue" (Ai Generated song) - All stars Forever Ft Sway Burr
does anyone know where to buy the bound2 kanyewest yzy heavy weight double layered hoodie specifically the heather gray grey red stitching one?
Kanye mention on Call Me Kat tonight
I asked an AI chat bot to write a “Kanye West” song and I’m not disappointed
Search and rescue gonna tank the Ye stock market for generations to come.
NF is a Ye fan. Gave Ye his flowers twice in the same song.
Searching for Kanye: BBC doc from 2018
How long has this been on Spotify
Me and my sister. Polar opposites
Why did Kanye shoot his music video in black and white? Is he stupid? Could he not afford a good camera?
A underrated master piece?
When the beat drops on Blood on the Leaves
AVGN jamming out to Devil In A New Dress
We should uncancel Kanye west
FOR PRODUCERS: a Community for Kanye West Type Beats!!!
(FREE) Old Kanye Type Beat - "With You"
Kanye West lobbied for years to join the Forbes World’s Billionaires list, and in 2020, after showing documents that proved his net worth, finally made it. So how did he fall off so quickly?
When did Kanye stop caring about his style and why?
I LOVE KANYE‼️‼️‼️
Underrated
I made a new beat for Come Back Baby by Pusha T
Why does drunken hot girl sound like an Eminem song
Yhandi on spotify?
808s
Kanye West - I Know (PR1SVX Edit) (AI Cover)
Gary Come Home by Kanye West
Yandhi release
Witch Kanye feature had the best line on a Kanye song?
Just picked up Late Registration vinyl. (I think it's a recent repress cuz it has the "made in Poland" thing on the back.)
Ye most likely happy right now
Is the version with Jay-Z or the bonus track for Diamonds from Sierra Leone better?
