Maples contract has been removed from TSM
Sharing my Esports Improvement Plan
Heartsteel is one of the most idiotic yet un-fun items Riot has ever created. And it removes the counter-play of infinite stacking mechanics.
KT vs GEN game 1 post-match discussion / Lower Bracket Finals
Pro Play vs SoloQ
I Can't Load Up the League Client (Need Help)
Solo killed irelia twice in lane lvl 2 vs lvl 2, lvl 3 vs lvl 4, and i got killed with irelia hitting lvl 6 and i am at lvl 4???
Game keeps crashing when in game
Am I tripping or did this Neeko just frontflip over my bubble?
Is there any way to solve my MMR?
How to transfer account from NA server to Philippines server
Season 13 Smurfing Problem
In your opinion what order would you rank roles from least important to most important?
Azir's high elo skew does not seem to have changed
Enemy flash sound
Give me your best LOL coaching advice: WRONG ANSWERS ONLY
Why is it better to not have your camera locked?
Ranked mmr
How do you read challenges?
Why am I losing more LP than I am gaining?
The Mageseeker Standard vs Deluxe Version
top 10 players of all time.
Free clash ticket?
Why are bonus objectives (Drag/Herald/Baron) not tracked in post-game screen?
Just hit Masters for the first time one-tricking Rell Support!
Why do people refuse to surrender
Give us some control with the types of mains we play with.
How long to fix MMR
LCK introduces new official LCK Digital Collectibles
QUestion about the emotes?
Most onetrickable freljordian?
How does this glitch even occur? Teams get several kills, ults and spells get used, people get teleported and then everything turns back to normal.
Think there will be a time that riot hit box will be 100% accurate or at least close?
Which country will unify the LCK? | 2023 LCK Spring Three Kingdoms 88 (translated)
Amazing's thoughts on the current NA explosion
A casual lol player’s take on champion diversity in pro play
There should be no in-game chat outside of competitive environments (clash, pro leagues, etc.)
FLY Winsome Subbing in for Eyla for LCS Finals Weekend
It's really jarring that Plat 1 - Gold 4 (7 division gap) can duo together, but Plat 3 - Diamond 4 (3 division gap) cannot
do you still have to play a game every 30 days to not get demoted from diamond?
Very confusing that LCS playoffs were all Thursday/Friday but finals is Saturday/Sunday
Satisfying Kai'sa Pentakill ft. The Boys Edit
What does this "Gold(6415)" mean?
queue times
How do I play malphite
Why is katarina still allowed to play ad?
Akshan in co-op
NA invades EUW | Start of Week 4
Question for LCS Finals
Why does Asol still have a 52% winrate?
Baron Cheats??!!
I think it's safe to say, but the NA LCS we mostly knew is coming to an end
Question about league bought accounts
Rod Of Ages + Archangel's Staff / Seraph's Embrace = Suffering
Champions that can do it all
Anything fun to do before the Finals?
Team Liquid: Thank you MaRin
Mmr issues
EMEA Masters Spring - Main Stage / Group Stage Draw Results
60% Win Rateo and gain +20 -29 LP
League search engine, useful or unnecessary?
How can I see the total amount of games I've played since the game launched?
100T Midlane Next Split
We Love Gaming vs. Anorthosis Famagusta / EMEA Masters Spring / Play-Ins - Knockout Stage / Post-Match Discussion
How can I acquire Hextech Galio skin?
Aegis vs. Partizan Esports / EMEA Masters Spring / Play-Ins - Knockout Stage / Post-Match Discussion
Bjergsen's Farewell
Comeback mechanics are currently broken.
If (when) Phreak leaves balance team, I hope patch reviews won't disaapear
Is this the most well known/infamous lol video that isn't from pro play?
Geekay Esports vs. Verdant / EMEA Masters Spring / Play-Ins - Knockout Stage / Post-Match Discussion
Off-meta: what pick raises questions but works?
Collegiate League of Legends Regional FINALS Primer
Analysis of the average and peak viewership of the CBLoL Split 1 since 2018.
Coordination and Muscle Memory Drills for Iron
Too Much | TSM Legends S9E4
Match of the Week: G2 vs KOI | 2023 LEC Spring Week 4
It would be cool to have a Skins Wishlist visible to our friendlist
[SOLO Q] Matchmaking nearly full Low Plat vs Dia 1 Promo ?
Interested in watching some low elo noobs compete for 100$?
Why do I get +20 LP per win but lose -27-29?
Durability Update Hindsight
eSuba vs. Papara SuperMassive / EMEA Masters Spring / Play-Ins - Knockout Stage / Post-Match Discussion
Some Esports coaching tips for everyone
Early years LCS Awards?
SeeEl coaches RTB - Jungle VOD
[Demo inside] My friend and I made a website (TheDIFF.GG) that records video highlights from your League games and lets others guess the rank
What're your thoughts on Jungle Trundle at the moment?
Malphite is ruining top lane for me
Waiting On A War | 2023 LCS Spring Finals Weekend Tease
Why does Nilah say Felicity when ulting?
Unlawful Tactics to pressure Termination? - Excel Employee Intimidation?
Leveling up the new Pass
Voting on muting teammates
Just For YOU | LEC Spring Teaser (Fnatic)
Do you feel like class destinktion is missing?
Team trades inhib turret for nexus
what is exact changes to normal draft in 13.7?
Is it currently impossible to watch a replay from the previous patch?
I made fiddlesticks a vtuber and suffer
