ʙxʟx バラ IDK
♿️♿️♿️
J Priori - Baby (Lofi Full Song)
J Priori - Life
Low filter Lo-fi... stay craftin y'all. 🎶🎵🎶
Dream by Sevyn ALL PLATS
They try to say Im to small
Got the Mellotron working
Stakes is High by De La Soul
New One Any feedback appreciated
Bus Ride Daydream - Dragon's Blood [Link in comments]
my latest track 'payday', out on Spotify April 10th :)
any feedback
Process prod. Cal Cutlass
Released my first small EP and would love if anyone would check it out! Spring Mix Vol. 1
This is my new song "Transition" - what do y'all think?
BI WEEKLY FEEDBACK THREAD
Rapstuff
Vieux Disques - Juniper
Lofi attempt
Boom bap with a Korean jazz fusion sample 
Started curating a Lo-Fi Music playlist featuring new artists. Feel free to send your submissions!
My first attempt at Lofi! How’d I do?
Snippet of my new release, a lofi cover of Fireflies by Owl City!
Go Stream Newport Blues II! Available On All Platforms 🖤
SECOND lo fi post
NEED HELP WITH ACHIEVING THIS MIX
Walker by Manzobeat 
Thoughts on akai professional mpk mini mk3 controller keyboard
snippit of my latest track:) i just started making these beats so would love feedback:3
DIBUNGKUS (wrapped), by bentrok
Feelin this one
120 Hz Experimental LoFi EP
Noodles Vol. 1
Hey guys I shared my first Lo-Fi album!
Aves- Perpetual Youth
Song name?
some soul chops <3
Alpha Version IV of Kawaii Keys
Loafi, anyone? 🍞🎧
ＬｏＦｉ ＆ Ｃｏｆｆｅｅ - new community 24/7 LiveStream
Bus Ride Daydream - SadBot
Kiik x Shin Giwon Piano-I believe
My first Lo-Fi hip-hop beat
Project HipsterChick out now!
A lofi beachy instrumental
Steampunk Lofi Girl Studying [Lofi Hip Hop Chill Beats]
Memories... (link in comment)
My New Relaxing Lo-Fi Hip Hop Channel 🙏 Please considering giving it a listen! ❤️
mf doom flip
Moonlight
ylang ylang (but lofi)
Working late tonight
Cool Beats
Got a vinyl player this weekend. Now I see the beauty of sampling old records.
I haven't slept in days
Been writing haikus for each track on my upcoming album “nocturne” this one is called purkinje city what do ya’ll think? 
Mario Lofi Hand Drawn Paper Animation
Looking for lofi beats for a 24/7 stream!
Seed
Bus Ride Daydream - Copal Continuum [Link in comments]
nepa birdseye on TikTok
TapDaddy - Moving Forward
Experimental horror lofi beat I made with visuals
University Song Comparison Questionnaire
Even Harmonix - The Beach
[1 HOUR] Chill LoFi Hip Hop Beat to Study/Relax/Sleep to (LINK IN COMMENTS)
Whilst at the Bristol Beat Social (beatmaker open mic) ☕️ Any local london or bristol producers in this thread who want to come through & share their latest? 👀
Loose change live
Pete Rock STEP UP but JAZZY as F*CK
I posted this on a find the song name sub-reddit but got no response. any advice is greatly appreciated. Lofi song, tried to play melody by ear on piano. Any help is greatly appreciated. There is also an ad lib that says “thank you so much for calling”
Anyone know of a free alternative to iZotope Vinyl?
Here a sample pack I made of Air Traffic Control conversation snippets that have worked wonderfully with my lofi music production over the last few months. Hope they help you guys out in your productions.
Free submission Lofi relax study playlist 📚
Gold - Horizons
Chill Guitar Lo Fi beat I made (full link in comments)
Christophe Moudenc - To the Beat (Chill Out Man - Volume 3)
Just finished this drawing of Ras G
Vieux Disques - Spindles
Drawing of Ras G
Choppin up some Marvin…“Shum Smoove”.
Happy 404 Day everyone! I threw this together to celebrate
Just created a LOFI channel for Everyone to enjoy - Meet "Lofi Corner" :)
Wavy loops... stay craftin y'all. 🎶🎵🎶
Palo Santo - Bus Ride Daydream (New EP dropped links in comments)
Lofi Girl Poll On YT
I'm making a collection of audio reactive visuals. I would like to get lofi playlist going. Does this style fit the LofiHipHop genre?
Ludwig del Pino - Hopes (LOFI alive on april 14)
Mastering chain?
🕸SUBMIT YOUR LOFI SONGS HERE :)
Rainy Night (commission work)
Study Session Chill - Lofi Lucky
Trying to learn how to chop up samples better
My new single "Saudade" is now available on all platforms. This is the second single from my first album which will be released at the end of the month. Visit the link in the comments and listen.
MG Gost - A Bit Of Atmo (...some beats to take you on a calm world tour of some of the rich biomes of our beautiful planet)
Like Post - STIUTK
Something - Skiyu
Echo Replacement - Changes
Using a Third Party App?
