What if ancient accessories/bracelet is excluded from the AH limit?
Why does my amount of royal crystals change when in the currency exchange screen?
Mokoko pop-up store open (Busan, Korea)
Now I’m gonna be sorc main
Learning Discords?
Reaper takes her 7 dogs out for a walk
What killed your guild?
Berserker or Pally?
Deleting FOMO!
Out of context, this looks pretty funny
Needing some direction
Coming back after an 8 month hiatus. Running alts through Dungeons... glad to see this is still a thing apparently.
My life as a support main
Are they switching to zerker?
black bikini skin with cat ears, reaper class lost ark .
Improving DPS in what order?
Deadeye Deadge?
Just another random funny/epic gif
FeelsGoodMan
Another reason to dislike this patch: Kunge Leeches
How much could I sell it for?
More fan art by me!
World Boss and Tulubik are enjoyable content for artillerist players with sight focus. Or should I say, the anticipation is?
LF Guild on Regulus
G6 Brel, the mentor experience! Just a fun meme I made of a common mistake for new players!
Its been a good run. Leaving lost ark, RNG ruined.
Hibbleton: Where the Elites come to play.
Is this useful?
Most Bang For Buck - Royal Crystals & Blue Crystals
brel learning parties
To late to start?
JP voice pack
If I use the 50% off Reskin, can I buy another?
Best skin to buy for gold at the moment and speculation for future which skin will increace in value? EUC
Someone got into my account last night and i lost everything
New guardian is coming this reset, are there new chaos dungeons 1540+ as well?
Firepower enhancement artillerist - I don't know what to do.
Advice on 1480-1490 progression please, took a break and now confused
so, are gs the lowest dpsers now ?
Best server according to population EU
Is there a bug with cards?
What should my spec amount be for Surge DB
LWC 30 Holy Damage Additive or Multiplicative
Daily Q&A and Open Discussion - April 07, 2023
Deadeye stat allocation for 5x3+1 build with upcoming ancients
ammm. ok... " guys im not trolling "
Gambling addiction
Are you New or Returning? Don't forget to just have fun, it's still video game and not a job
1490+ players who do cube without pre-emptive/betrayal, why?
My main 6 progression before Brel Hard
crafting recipe for fishing tool
🐍
Anyone got a link to assassin face presets?
Argos
Go-to resource for builds/rotations?
Meteor Stream not working as stated on balance patch
Are all PUGs jail now?
Yes I pressed Alt+F4 instantly afterwards
My husband finally hit 1500!
New character that was more awkward than expected
New Mokoko Hammer
I wanna drop my character with a 9/7
I just observed a weird thing in game
Roster push
Well well well
Ms Fzgjhi and her sisters have succesfully raided the 1415 chaos gate!
Stronghold crafting calculator
I need help to choose region
To my NA West Players
clown doing drugs lately?
Lucky 9/7 stone owners how many stones you have been cutting to reach?
I know it’s RnG, but what are you guys thoughts on Arcanist?
+1490 players: still buying normal mode cube/boss rush chest from guild shop?
Server
You've fared a lot, Ark seeker. Come, reminisce this passed away tune
Fish stonks
What if I leave Brel G3 and get ticket to save it for hard version
worth?
Is LC Sharpshooter Lost Ark's best kept secret?
Duo with artillerist
Congratulations to Saintone for being the first person in the world to clear hell brel g5 three times
Sell Limit Roster Item Level 1375
Can I transfer Valtan/Vykas gear to Hard Berl gear set?
Summoner alt question
Any info on esther weapons?
Is there any updated site with content like skins, pets etc?
I randomly got flamed for running dominion on artist, why?
A returning player
It's time to remove the 10 second AH restriction
KR Patch April 5th, 2023
Daily Q&A and Open Discussion - April 06, 2023
Can't wait to be rid of this guy
🍆
Paladin or Berserker is more fun and viable?
Where Tier Lists Actually Aatter: Burst vs Consistent DPS?
About new players and known community in game "rules"
I made a video for those who are curious about what the raids in Lost Ark look like and are scared of learning.
L1nked2's Newest DPS Simulation Chart (4/6/23)
Do we need to finish any story for the new boss?
First time i saw it myself
