Anybody else really losing interest in the MCU?
The defenders
First Avenger Ant-Man will inform about Kang
Iron Man 2 drawing
‘Black Panther: Wakanda Forever’ Claws Way To No. 5 In Deadline’s 2022 Most Valuable Blockbuster Tournament ($259 million in profits)
The Meaning Behind Each Song on the “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3” Soundtrack
Deadpool 3 poster idea
Made a few more of these.
Why did Fury take so long to assemble the Avengers in the MCU?
Am I missing out on the opportunity to become an executive producer at Marvel?
What Marvel team up do you think would make an interesting "odd couple?"
Why I think General Secretary Ross in Captain America: New World Order movie makes sense. (Long theory, please bear with me)
Kang is noticeably absent from Ant Man 3 digital release promotional tweet
Star-lord's Zune
Perspective | How will Marvel Studios bounce back from its wave of bad news?
James Gunn: When I was finishing an early draft of #GotGVol3 years ago I did this little doodle on a script page & texted a photo to Kevin Feige. Years later these talented souls turned it into a poster.
Moon Gatos!
Marvel is "testing the waters" for their own Marvel comic convention
New Information Seems to Indicate a November Release for Marvel Studios 'Echo'
Guys, I'm back with new original (and somewhat better) Marvel Posters
A concern I have about the MCU after Avengers: Secret Wars.
The new nebula looks more of a human than her previous self and maybe it's a nod to her character arc. Really looking forward for the next GOTG movie.
An update to my theory about America's origin.
Dominique Thorne as Riri Williams (Ironheart) in Marvels' Assembled EP14
I don't understand the MCU 616 vs 199999 argument
What are some of your "If you really think about it" moments in the MCU?
Made a Ronin poster
What if Dr Strange was leading the Avengers since the beginning?
Abomination, if he had a more comic accurate design in The Incredible Hulk.
So in Avengers Tony hacks all of S.H.I.E.L.D’s hidden/secret files
The Sentey
They should make Jean Grey the magneto's daughter in the mcu.
Ex-Marvel Chair Ike Perlmutter Says His Exit From Disney “Should Sadden Many Shareholders,” Vows To Keep “Seeking Improvements” At Company
Honestly curious
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 wrap.
James Gunn Teases Marvel-DC Crossover Possibility Now That He's a Studio Exec
Woof. Thoughts on Jeff Loveness after this article? (Minor spoilers for Ant-man and the Wasp: Quantumania)
New look at Will Poulter and Elizabeth Debicki as Adam Warlock & Ayesha in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
Do you like how they’ve handled wandas character in the mcu?
Do you guys think the MCU is losing its popularity?
Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 | Once More With Feeling
Marvel's Avengers with MCU score
What's wrong with making "theme park movies"?
'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3' Empire Magazine Covers
THE SPECTACULAR SPIDER-MAN. My pitch for Tom Holland's second trilogy in the MCU. Part 2
[cosplay] My competed 3D printed Daredevil helmet and even got it signed by Charlie!
They should put this photo on a shirt and wear it to her next meet and greet
THE SPECTACULAR SPIDER-MAN. Tom Holland's second trilogy fan story
I can't see us ever getting a Carnage vs MCU Spidey faceoff, at least anytime soon or with this current iteration. Even with the NWH symbiote setup & Kang Dynasty/Secret Wars, we'd be lucky to see Peter fight Venom.. Really hope I'm wrong!
Did Sam have a diffrent voice in Infinity War?
me with pom aka mantis
Charlie Cox says that Jon Watts asked him to do a short pause before he said his line after his introduction scene in No Way Home for people to applaud and cheer in the theater
Glenn Howerton As Mr. Fantastic (Photoshop)
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3: Go Behind the Scenes With Chris Pratt and Cast (Exclusive)
TIL Ashley Johnson, voice actress of Ellie in The Last of Us video game and the mother of Ellie in the TV series, is the waitress from The Avengers movie
Winter soldier
Ike Perlmutter: Disney Fired Me From Marvel, I Wasn’t Laid Off
Congressman Josh Harder launches effort to get the next Fantastic Four film to shoot in its birthplace and his district: Stockton, California.
Which films had the best/worst Set lighting, green screen?
If the MCU ever does more with the Widows/Red Room (maybe in relation to Yelena), it'd be cool if they included this type of murder mystery aspect from the "Black Widow (2005)" comic run where the original Widows get killed off one by one.
The Marvels poster in AMC theater.
Any chance of the guardians being in any future marvel projects, or is this it frfr
It's ok, doesn't really look like bucky though
I am all for quality over quantity for D+ shows but when do they want to release it all?
What does the next saga (Phase 7-9) look like for you?
Iron Man's Arc Reactor in Endgame
James Gunn on Twitter: Finalized the sound mix for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3
Anyone else get this impression after the first trailer? Keeping up the Pac-Man imagery. Haven’t seen anyone post similar yet.
Emilia Clarke shared behind the scenes pictures from the set of Secret Invasion
Tony Stark didn’t figure out time travel in one night.
Did 2 DD art
This sub is headed in such a weird direction
Character Posters for 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3' (HQ)
Black Widow by Princess_Ze1da
Now that we know the contents of ‘Awesome Mix Volume 3’, we now know every song that will be in The Guardians of the Galaxy trilogy. Are there any specific songs that you wish had been in a Guardians of the Galaxy movie?
A tribute to the Avengers films
[Twitter] First look at interview with JeremyRenner, as the actor opens up for the first time about his near-fatal snowplow accident.
I Attended C2E2 and Got the Chance to Talk to the Cast the X-Men '97 Returning Cast About What it's Like to "Don" the Gold and Blue 25 Years Later
Would the movie & tv universes make their own handbook one day ?
what could marvel have seen in Majors back then?
Karen Gillan & Iron Man
Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 | Face Off
New spoiler about Secret Invasion from John Campea.
I’m starting to think we might not see some characters again for a while…
Secret Invasion has been re-added on Disney+ with a new synopsis!
Daredevil Season 3: Review
Guardians Of Star Wars
Did Nick Fury start the secret invasion?
Added Voice over to Trailer of Secret Invasion
Who in the MCU has lost against certain characters that they have beaten or could beat in the comics?
After watching Kingsman, I kinda want Matthew Vaughn to direct Punisher
Why Secret Invasion can’t work in the MCU
Karen Gillan shares new Nebula Poster.. Can’t wait for the new Barbie 😂
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 new tv spot
Made a playlist for the official Awesome Mix Vol. 3. Which songs would you have liked to see be in the film?
I mean there are somethings he might want to leave out just for the sake if it not just being depressing 😅
Avengers duties
Five Fox X-Men themes / characters that the MCU should include, and five new themes / characters that the MCU should introduce to the big screen.
What are some rebuttals you have against critics of MCU movies and shows?
MCU Spider-man... a retrospect.
