Happy birthday, Optifine!
A 11x12 door in the shape of redstone!
Can't enter Aternos servers. PLEASE help!
Dont have access to email or transaction ID
Help needed
Mob Farms
I need major help
Help installing mods on Minecraft with iPad
My game won’t work
Blue bull skin?
xp farm for bedrock?
comands not work
What is block battles?
Nature room I designed adms a contrast to my very industrial style base
updated my house(old images as i upgraded my animal farm and made a nether portal)
Built a Wooden House this morning - the inside is not finished - What do you think? :P
memorial picks of my lost old world. i made 4 yera ago
Wipe out?
Use it.You can use a spyglass and a crossbow as a sniper rifle.Use the telescope before shooting and after it, quickly press on slot in which the charged crossbow.
Annoying thing about shields
One of my last builds in the past year
How this happened?
World record - Fastest End entrance at 17.32 sec (Achieved by WinderBard3845)
So I came across sculk while mining. What do I do?
Does anyone know how to make a super smelter that's simplified?
wow just wow!
Wtf is bro doing
So I'm playing on java atm and Transparent pixels on skins seem to work now? This is vanilla no mods.
I need help with a resource pack
Server Resource Pack Missing Textures but Singleplayer not
When 1.16 came out I started to make another city and I spent my time building it very well except for the lag
How to apply texture pack to MCPE
What’s your favorite part about this game?
Wither Skeleton Farm, Work in Progress in Hardcore!
Looking for a Minecraft series
Does adding more foliage and water sources cause animals to spawn?
Why so many moneliths
FINALLY finished this house, i had the worst luck getting blown up every ten seconds. Also that’s my horse robert
Changing villagers textures by clicking them with an item.
Duplication
Industrial Dock
My fish don't work
Minecraft preview
Since we reversed-engineered so many Minecraft seeds (Eg Pack.png), could we find hgtpsh's fateful hardcore survival seed as well?
Seed: 6246027323353836635 spawns you right next to a village with a nearby pillager outpost
Anyone know how I should start a new world?
So I played RLCraft for the first time
Can I check what texture packs my friend has on my realm?
I have been searching for shaders for minecraft bedrock for quite some time, sadly (due to my lack of shader knowledge) I can't seem to find one without 50 viruses attached to it. If anyone can please help me with this, please do.
How do I keep the lava stream from vanishing when I pour water next to it?
What should I build next?
Server.jar
What is this?
Question about migration
I Made a Cover of Sweden called nostalgia. There is a reason to that.
HELP WITH WORLDS! I bought a new phone and tried to transfer my worlds from the older phone to the new one, i transfered and tried to recover them but those messages keep popping up (translation in their description)
Whenever I select "microsoft login" my launcher just starts to load forever and doesn't even give me the option to put in my information? I've tried so much stuff to fix this and nothing has worked so far. Please help.
Raid will not stop if you enter a village even if you dink milk. Bedrock
Super secret settings
Help i can't find the fishing rod sound
1.5.2 Modded Server
1.19 Biomes Spreadsheet List for "Adventuring Time" advancement
1.20 Panorama too dark and needs to be changed?
This data pack has turned Minecraft into one of the scariest games I've ever played
Sharp but yet beautiful cliff
What is this block?
Just had my first jawdrop and "Oh my god this is so pretty" in Minecraft. (seed in comments)
question about modding
Merge enchantment 1.12.2
Optifine totally fucked up a my saves, is there a way to fix it
i think a block has disappeared from my minecraft
MC server issues
How do I fix this
I need to know the odds of me fishing up a mending unbreaking 3 fishing rod
Asking for tips on where and how to build a house/base
Enchantments
Mushroom house
double wandering trader spawn, how rare is that
Glowing Pixel
Am I the problem?
Your take on the new Minecraft icons!
Houses in my Neighborhood!!
I built this massive dome in my world, I have no use for it does anybody have suggestions?
When I launch mine craft Java my cursor looks like it has two layers that is slightly distant from each other
How did you get up there!
How can I get the realistic rain and dark moody sky effects?
I lost my horse several months ago and he was presumed dead. I just found him at the top of a mountain near my base.
This bridge I built in my survival world. Thoughts?
Should I restart my world for 1.20?
How do I change what version of Minecraft I’m playing? I haven’t played on this in a long time
I officially might have a problem
Can you do /fill with negative numbers?
Minecraft low fps but my Laptop is a Mid-End
Up for a challenge?
Nether Portal keeps spawning in the same plaxe
My stuff just duplicated in my hardcore java 1.19.4 world.
My futuristic brewing room and Nether Wart farm
What broke my doors?
"The game crashed whilst rendering overlay"
Need help with accounts
