[SPOILER] PFL #2 2023: Larissa Pacheco vs. Julia Budd
Throwback to Alex Pereira trolling Israel Adesanya's training tactics
[Official] General Discussion Thread - April 08, 2023
WWE sale named as the reason why parent company didn't condemn Dana White for wife slapping incident
[SPOILER] PFL #2 2023: Bruno Cappelozza vs. Matheus Scheffel
[SPOILER] PFL #2 2023: Olena Kolesnyk vs. Aspen Ladd
MMA fans need to stop wanting only striking/stand-up battles
[SPOILER] Biaggio Ali Walsh vs. Isaiah Figueroa | PFL 2: 2023 Season
Kevin Holland explains Jorge Masvidal beef
"Maestro" MA Dong Hyun suddenly paralyzed below chest
[SPOILER] Maurice Greene vs. Marcelo Nunes | PFL 2: 2023 Season
Dana white trashing mma media .
ONE veteran Elipitua Siregar beat his brother to death and was sentenced to 2 years in prison
[SPOILER] Amber Leibrock vs. Martina Jindrová | PFL 2: 2023 Regular Season
What does fingers up mean?
From a purely Branding Perspective, PFL is better Positioned To Compete with the UFC
Ever see a loss by Abandonment ?
Keith Peterson has that dog in him!
Abdoul ‘Lazy King’ Abdouraguimov set to debut in the UFC in September
Former lightweight champion Anthony Pettis reveals his biggest pay day in the UFC
Adesanya Risks Everything to Reclaim His Throne | UFC 287 Preview
Jorge Masvidal Gets In Heated Altercation Outside UFC 287 Weigh-Ins, Held Back
[Official] PFL 2: 2023 Regular Season - Live Discussion Thread
Nunes-Peña 3 to headline UFC 289…
Jorge Masvidal just received a jacket from the UFC to commemorate 50 clean tests in the UFC Anti-Doping Program.
[SPOILER] Ares FC 14: Mickael Lebout vs. Laureano Staropoli
[SPOILER] Ares FC 14: Ivana Petrović vs. Ewelina Woźniak
Biaggio Ali Walsh seeks to continue the legacy of grandfather Muhammad Ali in PFL: “The will to fight, the will to be great, that’s a gene that was passed down”
Middleweight Legends Q&A w/ Georges St-Pierre, Chris Weidman, Lyoto Machida, and Vitor Belfort
Amanda Nunes has a fight (Possibly Peña)
[Twitter] UFC 289 comes to Vancouver BC Canada
Bo Nickal will fight Tresean Gore at UFC 290 on July 8th
Is there a website with a running tally on The Chael Curse or The Drake Curse?
Cory Sandhagen Describes Chito Vera Fight as a Psychedelic Experience
Nong-O Is a Perfect 10-0 In ONE With 5 Straight KOs! Where Does He Rank All-Time In Muay Thai?
Larissa Pacheco: ‘A lot of people showed up asking for money’ after $1 million win over Kayla Harrison
Per sources, Hakeem Dawodu vs. Lucas Almeida and Aiemann Zahabi vs. Aoriqileng are being targeted for UFC 289. As I reported earlier, the card is expected to be held in Vancouver.
Muhammad Ali’s grandson thinks legendary boxer would have ‘held up well’ against Jon Jones
McGregor blew chance of Khabib rematch by leaking White messages, says UFC chief
[Spoiler] ONE Friday Fights: Zeta vs Chalawan
The belt belongs to nobody': Why three dominant UFC champs were dethroned in seven months
Rosas jr and Rodriguez now a catchweight at 137 lbs, Rodriguez will forfeit 20% of his purse.
How Good is Alex Pereira's Striking?
dana white says both wwe and ufc will grow their fan bases following merger
UFC 287 Embedded: Vlog Series - Episode 5
guy with the leopard print shorts here. a lot of you guys wanted to see the full fight video, i finally got it. thanks for all support and thanks for all the laughs. the roasting was hilarious. helped take my mind off the fight. much love to my boys online.
Paramount is looking to sell Bellator per WON
Anyone ever become a referee or judge for combat sports?
With UFC 287 right around the corner, let's take a moment to appreciate how underrated South Florida's MMA scene really is.
Christian Rodriguez misses weight (137.5)
Both Pereira and Adesanya have made weight. UFC 287 main event is good to go.
Adesanya - "Fine then, I’ll just use an IV to rehydrate. What’s the “legal loophole limit” again?"
Gilbert Burns hired scouts to scrutinize himself and opponents, says Jorge Masvidal is ‘smarter than people think’, trying to improve his tendencies (made 5 mistakes in the Magny fight)
Jailton Almeida Handcuffing Shamil Abdurakhimov.
The Rise Of A Japanese Icon - The Bob Sapp Story
[Official] UFC 287: Pereira vs Adesanya 2 - Weigh-In & Pre-Fight Discussion Thread
[Official] One Friday Fights 12 - Live Discussion Thread
Kyohei Hagiwara vs Kyle Aguon - RIZIN 41 (Full Fight)
Israel Adesanya vs. Alex Pereira 2: Intense Face Off
Undefeated Kazakh flyweight Azat Maksum (16-0) has signed with the UFC
[Official] General Discussion Thread - April 07, 2023
[Official]r/mma Betting Discussion Thread - April 07, 2023
#1 Middleweight Contender Israel Adesanya calls for stricter monitoring from USADA ahead of bout against Champion Alex Pereira at UFC 287
Glover Teixeira equates Alex Pereira vs. Israel Adesanya to Muhammad Ali vs. Joe Frazier
Alex Pereira is open to defending against Paulo Costa or Whittaker after Adesanya. Dismisses Khamzat as he claims he turned down a fight at 205 in January at Brazil.
Amanda Ribas will take on Maycee Barber at #UFCJacksonville on June 24th. [per @gvenga]
Found a Chrome extension UFC Calendar, looks really good.
Eric Nicksick has a great story of becoming someone different than he was
Prelude to UFC 287 - Rob Font vs. Adrian Yanez | Ep. 3 "Karate Combat" ft. Ross "Turbo" Levine
Steven Peterson documents his preparation before UFC San Antonio. An intimate and brutal view into the weight cut these guys put themselves through.
Gilbert Burns With CRAZY Trash Talk At Press Conference (courtesy of YT Subtitles)
UFC Flyweight Jasmine Jasudavicius Interview- Peel Back with Maddie Levine
[Official] UFC 287: Pre-Fight Press Conference - Discussion Thread
ONE Fight Night 9 bout order
Alex Pereira on Israel Adesanya: "The shoe is on the other foot. I’m not a good matchup for him. This is no different from the guys who tried many times to beat Israel but couldn’t"
"They are signing too many new guys and they are doing weird stuff with mixed rules fights - I feel like it's becoming a freak show." - Nieky Holzken expresses his frustration with ONE Championship during talkshow with Remy Bonjasky.
UFC 289 may be moved from Calgary if the NHL Flames remain in playoff contention.
Gamebred Boxing 4 pay: Pettis, Jones Jr. make $1.35 million combined
new rule change for PFL fighters who miss weight
Alex Poatan Pereira | FIGHTWEEK | DAY 2 #UFC287
UFC 287: Face the Pain
UFC 287: Adrian Yanez says it's 'pretty surreal' to get co-signs from idols Jorge Masvidal and Israel Adesanya, compete on the same card as them
Volk vs Yair frontrunner to headline UFC 290. No Stipe Jones talk yet
Santiago Ponzinibbio delivers filthy KO of Gunner Nelson | Ponzinibbio fights Kevin Holland at UFC 287
UFC 287 Embedded: Vlog Series - Episode 4
Alex Volkanovski x Yair Rodríguez is scheduled for UFC 290 on July 8, per sources.
official UFC288 poster
185 Title Contender Adesanya Is Surprised To Learn That His Coach Eugene Bareman Did Not Agree To The "Quick Turn-Around" For This Fight
UFC 287: Pereira VS Adesanya 2 |" A Rivalry For The Ages" |
Morning Report: Robert Whittaker defends Colby Covington’s welterweight title shot: ‘Colby does deserve it’
‘I might be dead right now’: Inside the appalling referee mistake that shocked the MMA world
TMF - News/Fight Night Recap/UFC 287 Analysis
[ONE FC] The Only Man To KNOCK OUT “Mighty Mouse” 😱 "Mikhino's" CRAZY Career
Chris Curtis finishes Joaquin Buckley at UFC 282: Błachowicz vs. Ankalaev
A Very Serious Analysis of the UFC / WWE thing (Boicast 61 Preview)
PRIDE Total Elimination 2004: Mirko Cro Cop vs Kevin Randleman
In A Strange Twist, 135 Champ Aljo Is Not In Favour Of His Friend Merab Fighting Umar Nurgemomedov
Alexander Volkanovski breaks down Adesanya vs Pereira 1 | ESPN MMA
The talent level of the next generation of MMA fighters is going to completely eclipse all past generations
UFC 287: Pereira vs Adesanya 2
