Do you think Harry Kane can break the Goal Record?
r/PremierLeague Daily Discussion
Will Manchester United ever win a premier league again?
Ten players who must find a Premier League team....An intresting list
What do you guys think of Bruno Fernandes?
[Sky Sports] Burnley beat Middlesbrough to secure promotion
Tickets for football game
Let’s be honest: is Harry Kane slightly overrated or what?
[BHAFC] De Zerbi: “Harry Kane is the best striker in the Premier League”
Are players getting a red card on purpose for an extra holiday?
Who is the most underrated player in the PL?
Did teams like Chelsea and city had big or even avarage fanbases before the take-overs or they were just very small
Newcastle Fan Michael Oliver to referee Manchester United Vs Everton tomorrow.
New rule idea for the Prem.
Who do you think should start in the attack against Liverpool
Friday Firecracker
I’ve been wondering why I see people dislike Kane recently?
Who is one player from the premier league who no one hates?
What team do you miss having in the premier league?
Warm-up time for players on the bench
Are there any players you believe genuinely care about their club?
My Essential Draft Premier League
Did your club ever sign a random player only to never play them?
Which stadium has the best pl atmosphere
New: Jack Harrison signs new 5 year deal with Leeds United. Harrison was extremely close to joining Leicester in January, even undergoing a medical only for Leeds to pull out of the deal.
Weat Ham vs New Castle. This is where David Moyes needs to be proactive. Make a change. Bring Danny Ings on and go two up top. Bring Fornals/Lanzini on for Soucek. Do something at least.
Breaking: Liverpool have been charged by the FA for failing to control their players who surrounded the referee during their 4-1 defeat to Manchester City last weekend.
Ted Lasso is to blame for West Hams Woes
Opinion on Alexis Mac allister?
which team has bigger fanbase Leeds or forest
Which Prem Clubs do you think will be in each European Competition next season?
Newcastle's Saudi takeover: The UK government's emails revealed
Can we say that forest is going down??
Pep guardiola masterclass
Relegation candidates that would immediately come back up?
Club statement - Frank Lampard
Prem All Time Dutch XI vs Prem All Time German XI
if LAMPARD miraculously does wonders for Chelsea , is he getting an extension ?????
Gabriel Jesus, Eddie Nketiah or Leandro Trossard?
r/PremierLeague Midweek Musings
Isak and Fabianski watch as the ball hits the back of the net
Which relegated premier league teams made the most transfer money?
Most embarrassing moment for every club in the Premier League this season (so far)
Fans of relegation-threatened teams, are you actually as pessimistic as you say?
As a Newcastle fan
How many points = safety?
E I E I O! Up the Premier League we go!
[BBC Sport] Lampard set to be named interim Chelsea manager
New: Leicester City are considering Martin O’Neill and Rafa Benitez in a hunt for an experienced caretaker manager after the sacking of Brendan Rodgers.
International viewing of the prem. Frustratong
Anyone else watching on Fubo with a VPN on the shield pro keep getting blurry streams (from UK)?
Chelsea are the most chaotic football club in recent history
Jordan: Liverpool will SACK Klopp if results don't improve next season
Is Enzo worth it?
Off the top of your head, what is your all time favorite PL match?
Interest in premier league pick 'em / Champions league pick 'em for next year?
Who do you think has been the most underrated player in the Premier League this season, and why?
Chelsea open talks with Frank Lampard over return as interim manager
What do we all reckon the outcome of the Liverpool vs Arsenal game will be on Sunday?
Thoughts on Sturridge as a pundit?
Who’s your favourite centre back from the 80s that was in the prem
Is emery to villa and Gerard leaving the biggest upgrade for a manger in the premier league this season?
Why are you unflaired?
Do you’ll agree with me on Kevin Du Bruyne being the best Attacking midfielder in the PL right now ?
Who would you pick between Nagelsmann and Enrique?
Anyone else feel like the media treats Man Utd like they are the darling of English football?
8 game ban for Mitrovic for pushing the ref and Bruno Fernandes doesn’t even get a yellow?
Forest stand by Steve Cooper again
Arlo White No Longer Announcing games?
Who do you think is the best English midfielder?
Why does Trent Alexander Arnold not play ahead, like as a midfielder that favours the right?
Is the Premier League Hall of Fame a good idea?
Who is the best player in the league? (Right answers only)
Sky Sports coverage and analysis
Which club has the best stadium atmosphere
chelsea fans, why do you never start with a striker?
1 on 1 Wednesdays
Can someone who’s good at a 3D program recreate close shots? Just to see if it really would’ve gone in if the keeper or defender didn’t block it?
How is it okay that, Michael Oliver, a Newcastle United fan, is allowed to be the official in the match between Man Utd and Brentford, when Man Utd and Newcastle are fighting for 3rd/4th places?
Enzo Fernandez is actually a baller! and not a flop!
Crazy fact: Manchester united has never lost a home game when leading at half time since 1984.
Since Gerrard being sacked Villa have gone from 17th to 7th
Mitrović Fernandes
What on EARTH are Brighton cooking?
Is there a team that you don’t follow that you would really like to stay up and is there a team you really want to go down?
Reports say that Chilwell and Cucurella were the only ones to thank Potter when he left. They were the only ones left who had his back. Geddit?
Opinions on Kai Havertz?
Chelsea/Liverpool
Can you guess who I am? Clues are given below, good luck!
Can we talk about Ollie Watkins for a second?
Breaking: Fulham's Aleksandar Mitrović has been given an 8-game ban for his dismissal at Manchester United in the FA Cup (1 game already served), Marco Silva has received a 2 game touchline ban.
What is a term for a player that's just below world class?
Is the chaos at Chelsea down to Tedd Boehly or incompetent directors?
Manchester United trebel or arsenal winning the premier league which is more impressive ?
Chelsea vs Liverpool tonight
What Chelsea 11 would you choose from the 562 players they have?
Brendan Rodgers and Graham Potter. What clubs do you think will be interested in these specialists?
Will Harry Kane ever be an all time great?
Why is there so much debate about the Kane-Doucoure incident?
Spurs continuity Issue
