Is Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy a strange choice for the next chapter of Star Wars?
Why is it that most planets in Star Wars seem to have a completely politically United people? That isn’t exactly the case on our real planet, with 193 different countries and all
Is this the single greatest Force feat in all of canon Star Wars?
Star Wars Celebration Europe 2023 Excel London
Is there a good complete summary of the whole rebels series
Your Unpopular Opinion about the "Original Trilogy"?
Star Wars poorly summed up
Knights of the Old Republic, directed by Peter Jackson, filmed like the LOR trilogy. That's all I ask.
Y'all thinking this new trilogy going to be great need to look again at Lucasfilm
Place Your Bets - Arkhaven Site
(Sequel trilogy) Finn and Rey should've both been Jedi, and all of the OT characters should have been dead besides Han and Chewie
Yeah It’s Gonna Suck: Star Wars X - Arkhaven Site
They tore down Luke to put their own character on a pedestal. And they'll never admit it.
I see Jabba the hutt in Ahsoka teaser!!!!
Built in No Mans Sky 😊😊
Just finished cross stitching this Lil guy, I hope you all like it!
Prison break in Rebels and Andor
After rewatching Mando Chapter 23, I am more confused about the backlash this episode is getting and more convinced Din and Bo are going to hook up.
Does anyone know where to get a padawan braid costume piece?
Is it worth getting into StarWars?
I don’t think this is right
LEGO Emperor's Throne Room Diorama
LEGO Star Wars Endor Speeder Chase Diorama
I drew some Gamorrean Guards
Star Wars, a rant of confusion.
I believe the Ronin from Visions is in the top 15 strongest star wars characters and I will stand by it, you may argue with me.
So I'm generally late to the party because of work and stuff, but the last scene in Mandalorian sn.3 ep. 6 was fire af am I right!!?
Just a quick timeline I put together of the upcoming Star Wars Project, a lot of the new projects sound intriguing!
It's that time of year when my egg art is slightly more relevant
Know what will be the favorite game of the Mandalorians that retake the planet?
Is that the World between worlds behind Ahsoka's name?
What are your thoughts on the animated shows?
Is it just me of is this season of The Mandalorian as bad as Kenobi
While this question has definitely been asked before, I want people to tell me who their favorite clone is.
Commander Cody sketch
Honest thoughts on this movie?
Lars Mikkelsen’s silhouette is an exact match to Thrawn’s.
(Spoilers) So after the Ahsoka trailer…
Worldbuilding Questions
Have they officially confirmed this actor as Thrawn, or is it still just a rumor?
I legitimately squealed when I saw the return of Hyuang and that he is still being voiced by David Tennant.
My dad wont stop complaining.
Need a question answered for an OC I am creating.
Does anyone have an official “Canon” Timeline for all old republic era material including video games, books, and graphic novels that won’t contradict the current canon? Been looking, but I can’t find a timeline of media to read/play/watch. Thanks!
Why are they being so weird about the Thrawn casting?
I'm looking to get a good battle grade custom lightsaber. Anyone know of a good website to buy from?
Is there any chance Rex is not in the Ahsoka show?
Marvel Comics in stores Wednesday April 12 2023
Padme Pregnancy Scandal !?!
What if Anakin just quit being a Jedi?
I want to read all of the Star Wars novels. Is there a guide or something that would suggest the correct/best order to read them in?
Essentials Breakdown for Mando/BOBF/Ahsoka/Skeleton Crew
is Star Wars: The Old Republic really 3000 years before Phantom Menace?
What are people's feelings on The Volume's prevalence in Star Wars shows?
Only thinking about this now but…
I had a thought about the Ahsoka trailer (spoilers)
This man is an absolute legend of acting.
Bandai model dump. Painted with Vallejo acrylics.
Just found this in my closet - 2012 Star Wars Trade Federation MTT made by Hasbro
We better get flash backs of Kanan played by this dude.
Finished Revenge of the Sith last week!
[Question] apologies for low-quality screen grab, but does anybody know what the little silver droids piling up battle droid casualties in Episode I are called?
"Acolyte will be Frozen meets Kill Bill"
Best way to cram Star Wars movies into May 4th
Is Baylan’s apprentice using Kanan’s lightsaber?
A quick look at Star Wars: Tatooine in VR inside VRChat. Check it out.
Rebels characters, from animation to live action [CONTAINS IMAGES FROM RELEASED FOOTAGE]
How long since there were only 140?
I love Rey
The Mandalorian is now officially being made for Clone Wars fans
No Taika Waititi movie!
Unpopular opinion but Mando season 3 sucks.
Star Wars Celebration London: An honest review.
Present for ny bf
People who haven't seen the Rebels TV show, how do you feel about Ahsoka??
Everyone’s favorite bounty hunters
NEW REVEAL AT SWCE! Star Wars Chatter Back Chopper Animatronic!
Where’s the best place to buy a neopixel saber?
I made a figure of my oc clone, and I changed his name it's now C755 and Dreamer.
So do you think we'll see Protosabers in Dawn of the Jedi?
Do you think we'll see some members of The Bad Batch debut in live action at some point?
Drew this clone trooper sketch for a friend. I feel that their armor just has so much more personality. they are generally better in my opinion.
The LEGO Crowd Pleasers
“Fan Favorites”
Is the Heart of the Guardian in the new Ahsoka show?
If you could pick any scene from the Star Wars comics to see in live action, which one would you pick? I’d pick this one
Even years later, this remains one of the best and most ingenious Star Wars commercials I‘ve ever seen.
How is Disney going to handle Mandalorians, Rebel Crew with Ahsoka, and Luke with Han and Leia in post empire time period ?
I think the new trilogy should be based on the old republic
Okay.. this one is actually hard to put down. I was thinking about it all day at work. Can’t wait for August!
I finally started Star Wars Rebels today…
Am I still a star wars fan?
How the duel between Anakin and Count Dooku in Star Wars Episode III was originally supposed to be
Quick question
How The NEW Star Wars Film Turned off Audiences With 1 Word
As many times as I have seen RotJ since the theaters, I just had a thought...
The Future of Star Wars: With Three New Films and a Prequel Series, Lucasfilm Takes Its Biggest Gamble Yet
Droid Depot-Potential BD build able [Spoiler:Jedi Survivor]
Jon Favreau and Dave Filoni On What's Next for Star Wars
Who do we hope to the play this “first Jedi”?
