Electronics in Stranger Things?
BEST SHIP ELIMINATION GAME ROUND 5 (HARINGROVE ARE OUT)
I think Kali is helping Vecna
Some max and el artwork
Future Spin Off in the modern day
Happy birthday Mike!
Happy unofficial Birthday Mike !!!
Controversial opinion
Hot Topic seems of the opinion that Eddie needs to look like Fabio.
Happy Birthday (ish) to Mike Wheeler
Those of you who are also fans of Harry Potter, into which houses do you think the Stranger Things characters would be sorted, and why?
Happy Birthday Mike Wheeler
I bought a used "Bronze Series" Warlock off marketplace to create my own version of Eddie's guitar. B.C. Rich actually had a limited run of these and I was up for the challenge to make my own with a bit more detail and without the hefty price tag.
Duos in season 4
What’s the best forgotten song
hints about time travel since season 1
The Stranger Things Experience Toronto was incredible!!! My brother and I had so much fun!
Does anyone else think over the seasons the show lost its original appeal and magic?
Interesting similarity between what they both said to Eleven... Maybe they've talked before ?
Mike Wheeler and Redefining Masculinity
BEST SHIP ELIMINATION GAME ROUND 4 (BILLY & KAREN ARE OUT)
This Eleven Plush my Parents got me. What do you Think Guys?
Fanfic
Mike is very good at talking about his feelings
Some questions about Vecna and Eleven's powers...
Which Stranger Things character do you think would make a worthy Mandalorian?
Anyone else PUMPED for the season 5 SOUNDTRACK?
What are your most unpopular opinions?
Stranger things filipino version
Neither Stancy nor Jancy should be endgame
Mileven is an overhated ship.
Season 2 is so good
Big what if of season 3
I made this
How to defeat Vecna in season 5...
BEST SHIP ELIMINATION GAME ROUND 3 (KAREN AND TED ARE OUT)
Nancy Wheeler
Real life Surfer Boy Pizza
Newest season
Is it fair to say that Jason from Season 4 wasn’t really a bad guy?
How Eddie could come back (Not as Kas)
When does S5 filming start and relative to that, when do you think we’d get our first teaser?
Vote for Stranger things cast in MTV Movie and TV awards
'Stranger Things,' 'Drag Race,' Selena Gomez Score 2023 MTV Movie & TV Awards Nominations
The very first 3 episodes of Stranger Things build up the tension and mystery in an amazing way. I really hope they get back to similar cinematography in S5 to unravel the last pieces of the puzzle.
List your favourite Stranger things character?
7th member?
Weirdest lunch combinations in stranger things?
Got to meet David Harbour and Jaime CB at the weekend, David actually knew what I was !!!, he plays Elden Ring !!
Weird Question But
Looking for S3 bathroom scene shot by shot video
Theory on Will Byers
Owens
Stranger Things Experience in Toronto. Such a fun and memorable experience for fans of the show! 🥰
what is your favorite season and why?
Question?
Does anyone else just melt over and over again at Steve and Dustin’s friendship as it progresses?
Anyone else unironically obsessed with the soundtracks?
Brenner twist for S5?
Hmmm.
We're not in Hawkins anymore
Whose the big villain, vecna or mind flayer?
BEST SHIP ELIMINATION GAME ROUND 2 (MILEVEN ARE OUT)
Did Stranger Things ruin "Running Up That Hill" forever?
Steve and Drugs
s3e3 is when Will realized...
Have a crazy Ideal with Will
Someone Explain this to me.
Predator Easter egg
How was will able to communicate with Joyce if everything was as it was (as seen in S4) when the Upside Down was first created?
Queen reference
something i don’t understand about vecna
The trio we Need in S5
Why do they still callher Eleven?
Which character would make the best parent?
I’ve started building literally all of Hawkins in Minecraft
Mike and Nancy always have the same personal issues
I saw this poster in Spencers today and laughed out loud because like what?? Also, "party" is a funny term used in RuPauls Drag Race and me and my friends use it all the time so I couldn't believe my eyes. Lol
Stranger Things' smaller cast members dish on their time in the show and life behind the scenes.
Do you think Dustin introduced Steve to Star Wars or do you think Steve was already a fan?
J. Robin
Drank this today in Alexei's honor
This probably has already been said about Will and surviving in Season 1
Eddie Munson
Max Mayfield [fanart - wiliam_arts]
Will should talk about Lonnie more
My drawing of Eddie on Master of Puppets Sheet Music 🎸
Recently rewatching the series (for the dozen time) and genuinely curious about Barb and her disappearance.
The Soviet Union was a necessary plot device
BEST SHIPS ELIMINATION GAME ROUND 1
I love it!
Will’s feelings in season 4
I met David Harbour yesterday!
*Fires up "Running Up That Hill"*
Met David Harbour at Comic Con Liverpool
Are there more unknown monsters in the UpsideDown?
I just finisheed all of stranger things in 3 days time and it was amazing and addicting
Theory on how El created the UD
i just know they’re 50 year olds rn buying tickets to this dungeons and dragons movie
What are some minor S4 loose ends?
