Charity and Ariel don’t follow each other on IG
Gabby’s new house is so cute (and not LA like) but am I the only one thinking it’s giving Goldilocks?!😂
Demi’s latest Twitter post actually concerns me. I hope she is taking care of herself.
Did Hannah Ann get a fashion upgrade/makeover? As an avid follower, this is a way more mature look than what she usually wears.
Most attractive speaking voice in bachelor nation?
Have you ever taken romantic inspiration from the show?
Andrew, Rodney, Justin, and Nayte winning TikTok
Greg Grippo slaying the tiktok game pt. 2
Greg Grippo slaying the tiktok game pt. 1
Daily Off Topic Thread April 07, 2023
Diversity & Social Justice Thread - April 07, 2023
SPOILER Daily Discussion Thread April 07, 2023
Daily Discussion Thread April 07, 2023
If Ben Smith was the Bachelor this season instead of Zach, who would’ve made it to F4?
Teddi is engaged 💍
Types of Hometowns
Which influencer hair care brand is Bekah talking about?
Ad - this is Brittany Galvin, right?
Did Pilot Pete & Kelley break up (again?)
Slides from Rachel Recchia’s Q&A today
Joey Amabile and Tayshia Adams will be on a new reality show
Charity on a 1 on 1 date today
Did Zach and Kaity go to Klong Root (Clear Water Canal) on their Fantasy Suite date?
For $15.99 you can buy Katie Thurstons feet photos on OF
What are some memorable out of context Bachelor stills that you think can be compared to the general romcom aesthetic?
Which Bachelor(ette) Leads do you think should’ve never been a Lead and that this franchise would’ve been just fine if they never were a Lead?
I saw this comment on another sub and it made me think "who in Bachelor Nation?"
Best way to dump your F2…
Interesting tid about Nick Viall from the She’s All Bach podcast
Daily Off Topic Thread April 06, 2023
SPOILER Daily Discussion Thread April 06, 2023
Daily Discussion Thread April 06, 2023
Thursday Unpopular Opinion Thread April 06, 2023
Charity date part 3
Charity date part 2
Charity Date part 1
Tayshia and other reality tv stars apparently set to star in new reality show! This cast is GIVING!
Kaity Biggar Reveals She & Gabi Elnicki Will Remain Close Friends Regardless of ‘The Bachelor’ Ending.
Ali Fedotowsky Shares Hospital Photos with Daughter Molly After Very Scary Accident: ‘Send Her Healing Vibes’
Gabby Windey's hot dining table guy story
How many Bachelor related podcasts do you listen to?
If you got to have dinner with Chris Harrison and Mike Fleiss, what is the first thing you’d ask them?
How many Bachelor(ette) people do you follow on social media?
Aaron C has a girlfriend
Kaitlyn Bristowe accuses ex Shawn Booth of using her ‘until his gym opened’
Ashley H responds to DMs about going on too many vacations
Greg shared this throwback pic and I thought it was Channing Tatum in She’s The Man
Took another trip down Bachelor memory lane…  ✈️🍃 Peter’s first promo that released in November 2019
Sound off if you need to apologize to Zach
any poc ever "won"?
Daily Off Topic Thread April 05, 2023
Diversity & Social Justice Thread - April 05, 2023
SPOILER Daily Discussion Thread April 05, 2023
Daily Discussion Thread April 05, 2023
Aw, this is such a cute promo for Charity 💖
Kaity’s new tik tok of her and Zach 🤍
Trying to Find All of the Lost Seasons
Has anyone on this sub ever called into Nick’s podcast?
Paradise 2023 wishlist
Madi Prewett 'Passionate' About Promoting Swimsuits That Align With Her Faith
Happy Belated Birthday to this beaut, Bkoof!
Post-finale Love to See It podcast episode w/ Ash talks Bach is worth a listen!
Daily Off Topic Thread April 04, 2023
SPOILER Daily Discussion Thread April 04, 2023
Daily Discussion Thread April 04, 2023
Trading Secrets Part 1 with KB
Revisiting Kaitlyn’s Season
The Minnesota Wild partnering/making a joint post with Joe Coleman
Finally clicked today that the person who the (now) Yankees first baseman, Anthony Rizzo, is constantly reminding me of is none other than...PP. And MLB clocked the same way back in Hannah's season.
Random BN group of ladies at a Nashville event
I'm cooking show obsessed and ran out of shows... so I decided to watch Best In Dough. Anyone else watch?
Do you think theyre doing the Casa Amor twist in BIP9?
Rachel Lindsay dunks on Dave Portnoy
Blake Moynes’ new IG post 🥵 (where’s that Blake’s Betches flair @)
Happy 14th birthday to Trista and Ryan’s daughter!
Reality Steve at Taylor Swift
Daily Off Topic Thread April 03, 2023
Watch Party Megathread- April 03, 2023
SPOILER Daily Discussion Thread April 03, 2023
Monday Positivity Thread April 03, 2023
Daily Discussion Thread April 03, 2023
Cringiest moments on the bachelor: Clare and Dale after their engagement
The outfit! The GLOW. The caption… haha
Never before seen footage of Kaity & Zach from ATFR
I found this surprising: Greer revealed she’s jewish on instagram
Creative/artistic leads?
Showed up as a suggested post on Facebook... Are there any right reasons for watching this show?
Madi and Grant’s house reveal
Happy 2nd birthday to Krystal’s daughter!
Happy 32nd birthday to Kelsey!
Considering I don’t think this couple will marry… I can’t wait to see Justin’s facial expressions when one of them says no😂 (Not a spoiler just my opinion)
Ashley I. seemed off interviewing Serene
You are hot and single (and in the show’s age range). You get an offer to be on the show. Do you go?
Which season was ACTUALLY the most DRAMATIC season yet?
Where do you watch the bachelor/bachelorette?
Is Kaity getting a Zach tattoo? 😮 Check out her latest story
Daily Off Topic Thread April 02, 2023
SPOILER Daily Discussion Thread April 02, 2023
Sunday Dating and Relationships Thread April 02, 2023
Daily Discussion Thread April 02, 2023
