if my neutral gathers neutral my neutral , they neutral using neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral and for negative
neutral has positive
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that positive tbh
rng gonna rng
negator , negator has and negator positive .
negator hnegative ! you neutral hpositive neutral them neutral dungeons and neutral positive that neutral negator sharing
if neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher freebies neutral neutral vs neutral neutral . you hpositive missed neutral neutral the sunshot neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative things neutral neutral neutral
you neutral to neutral hpositive neutral weapons . neutral neutral hpositive , negative hunger/trust , and neutral .
neutral neutral albruna-d and neutral hpositive
and the killmonger positive ?
which weapons neutral you neutral ?
the newer neutral weapons neutral negator neutral ( neutral neutral , neutral , albruna , positive neutral ) and the hpositive neutral weapons neutral negator neutral ( neutral , neutral , negative )
hpositive positive thi neutral neutral with herod-c , borrowed neutral , neutral hpositive .
neutral and neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral using borrowed neutral neutral of albruna .
killmonger neutral from neutral enemies negator hnegative . negative neutral from neutral neutral intensifier of enemies intensifier neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral arriving neutral negative neutral neutral your neutral . neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral and negative positive helps .
the weapons neutral neutral from the neutral engrams .
neutral neutral hnegative ? if neutral neutral positive neutral positive that positive with negative neutral neutral
neutral ?
neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive ; neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive and the newer ones neutral negator neutral which positive neutral neutral neutral which weapons neutral you neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator someth neutral neutral neutral positive neutral having neutral that positive
neutral hpositive neutral
negator neutral for my neutral neutral to neutral to neutral wyvern neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral into my neutral
neutral has to neutral with the neutral they neutral the neutral they positive neutral with you . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral someth to neutral with alleviating neutral neutral someth .
neutral positive becaus they neutral negator neutral the neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . the neutral has negator to neutral neutral they neutral .
neutral hpositive , thi neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral negator neutral !
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive : negative
bungie neutral neutral negator negative the hpositive to hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . they negative neutral to hpositive the neutral and the neutral passes when that neutral positive positive .
fomo
hnegative neutral hnegative and intensifier hnegative , ( we negator positive hpositive the hpositive numbers )
neutral my neutral positive rates positive neutral . intensifier from neutral neutral ups . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral someth . and positive positive negative borders from him . the neutral neutral from neutral patrols . neutral neutral neutral positive reds to neutral everyth crafted .
they neutral neutral neutral neutral pain% .
*them
hpositive that . neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral weeks neutral
what
hpositive started using neutral neutral positive . could negator neutral intensifier . neutral rips and tears thru neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ( neutral neutral positive neutral of my neutral neutral / neutral kills neutral ) , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with the subclasses . for neutral , if neutral neutral contraverse , positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral becaus everyth dies from my nades neutral neutral unforgiven with demo + junkie . if neutral neutral my neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral would neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ) . neutral the neutral positive that neutral has neutral neutral neutral becaus you neutral neutral the neutral neutral , with neutral hpositive weapons neutral abilities . neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral .
becaus witherhoard and neutral neutral with hnegative weapons
ostea striga positive hpositive hpositive than neutral and you neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral for pvp neutral
im hnegative neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral hnegative aggresive smgs neutral nerfs .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive weapons / exotics to neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral for the neutral to positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral , negator to neutral the longest neutral neutral heard of negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier
lol , neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral . if you negative neutral , hnegative for neutral . when neutral positive neutral , neutral should neutral neutral and you neutral neutral caiatl neutral neutral neutral you negative until you neutral the hnegative neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral heard neutral neutral
neutral positive hnegative tbh . the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore neutral invis neutral neutral for neutral 's neutral neutral of neutral , which positive negator neutral that positive
thise youtubers neutral to neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier of cases they neutral neutral weapons that positive to neutral positive . neutral hpositive negative of positive neutral weapons neutral positive thi neutral neutral . the neutral positive hnegative than neutral of the positive neutral hpositive smgs , neutral neutral has neutral hpositive hnegative . hpositive negative positive outclassed neutral neutral hpositive negative of things , neutral neutral has diminisher positive neutral if you neutral playing neutral . neutral neutral positive maximized neutral playing with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral negative of hnegative options that neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral , they negator hpositive everyth hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative would neutral neutral intensifier hnegative than neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator positive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative to hpositive neutral of the neutral that thi neutral seems to neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral shadebinder than neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral 's neutral hpositive neutral accessing negative crystals ( neutral 's neutral neutral , neutral of neutral for neutral ) . the negative crystals neutral provides neutral hpositive neutral shadebinder 's neutral neutral neutral becaus of the neutral that neutral boosts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , someth that positive intensifier hpositive for shadebinder positive to neutral builds neutral neutral having bleakwatchers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , someth that positive neutral positive hpositive with thi neutral , and intensifier with thi neutral positive to neutral hpositive to neutral neutral on-demand negative crystals
thi neutral neutral , neutral intensifier hpositive for negative neutral using turrets
positive thi . having neutral to hnegative of shards neutral shadebinder positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral has hnegative hnegative of rending hpositive that stacks with the hnegative hnegative of rending to neutral negative negative to neutral targets , which extends to the neutral from crystals you neutral with neutral . the neutral positive to thi neutral neutral negative positive that hnegative of fissures positive hpositive kills from the neutral and negator proc negative arrows .
they should hpositive neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral of spots neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral neutral neutral for him neutral
neutral positive appears neutral spots . seems positive bungie negator neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral to neutral , those spots positive nessus , edz , neutral , positive and neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , and xur negator appeared neutral newer locations , negator neutral neutral , dreaming neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral they should hpositive neutral neutral neutral for the neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral would neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral lol
players positive negator neutral . they positive neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral youtube . the hpositive of neutral travelling neutral has positive intensifier destroyed neutral neutral neutral .
negative that anyth positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative . intensifier with neutral neutral positive neutral that has years of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral they positive neutral the neutral for weapons to neutral neutral would negator neutral that hnegative to hpositive that neutral to xur . neutral with neutral the shit they neutral neutral neutral and neutral fixes and shit neutral positive negator someth neutral neutral their neutral
" shouldn't neutral that hnegative " positive the neutral neutral hnegative , intensifier when neutral neutral neutral non-expert . neutral positive you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral positive negator hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral my neutral neutral of programming and neutral programming neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral games intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive what neutral neutral negative neutral . hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive how hnegative their neutral positive lol
neutral would neutral to neutral that positive should negator neutral intensifier hnegative . intensifier neutral positive positive neutral positive hpositive negator neutral negative for them , which positive negative . if neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral hnegative positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations that someth neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral has neutral .
if you intensifier neutral neutral neutral than your neutral makes neutral diminisher positive . you should hpositive that you negator hpositive , negator positive neutral the neutral neutral , how hnegative neutral hpositive neutral would neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral . if xur positive neutral the neutral sinc neutral neutral has neutral neutral hpositive neutral than the neutral of the weapons . thi has negator to neutral with hpositive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral priorities and " efforts neutral / neutral neutral " neutral . and the neutral " don't hnegative what positive negator positive " .
unless neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral should neutral negator neutral neutral they negator hpositive the neutral to xur neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral fridays . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive negator someth that would neutral them neutral to neutral neutral . and if the neutral positive intensifier hnegative that they could negator neutral that positive they neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral lol
neutral neutral negator neutral that xur positive positive neutral neutral feelings positive neutral positive neutral into neutral positive negative neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive negator intensifier positive neutral neutral anymore . neutral intensifier should hpositive neutral neutral the negative of neutral neutral and neutral neutral should hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you should hpositive that coding positive intensifier neutral than what you positive . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral ? positive you hpositive the hpositive of neutral neutral thi negative and you positive neutral that neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral " thi positive negative hpositive hnegative " . neutral neutral neutral they ( negative to ) neutral costs resources , diminisher manpower and neutral . manpower for the devs neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative and neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral we neutral neutral the neutral that they negator the resources for neutral negative we positive negator the downtimes and neutral rollbacks neutral neutral . intensifier could neutral neutral , hpositive neutral , negator the " negative negative " neutral neutral stops them from changing xur neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral to neutral negative .
you neutral neutral and neutral neutral that positive exists and neutral for the changes you neutral to hpositive . negator hnegative that positive someth that would neutral to neutral intensifier positive hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative they neutral negator the manpower and resources to neutral alot of shit . and neutral hpositive they neutral diminisher to negator neutral and neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral lol . and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive someth they neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hundreds of intensifier hpositive issues lol . neutral thi neutral neutral feelings positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive changed neutral . neutral would neutral neutral hnegative and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral with positive neutral would diminisher neutral hpositive than to neutral adding to the shit they neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive that positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negative positive everyon neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral that the neutral positive neutral overworking neutral the neutral and they neutral negative neutral , they neutral negative understaffed and negator neutral the resources / neutral they neutral , neutral they neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral thi positive positive negative intensifier intensifier neutral positive hnegative to neutral arguing neutral neutral shit lol
that has positive neutral .
intensifier neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral ?
negator , what neutral you neutral to neutral ?
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hawkmoon from him
neutral intensifier wanted the neutral
hnegative to hpositive the hm from xûr thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . xûr positive neutral nessus positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
should neutral positive to hpositive positive rolls from xur neutral neutral .
hnegative that neutral positive neutral neutral . to neutral hawkmoon positive you neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral from xur neutral weekends .
neutral you neutral negative neutral the neutral and tangled neutral positive neutral ? if you negator owned that , and neutral negator hpositive the negative negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative dlc , positive you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral to the forsaken-era exotics . intensifier if you neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , unless you neutral neutral with neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral ? neutral what the negative negative means when neutral says neutral gives you neutral to the negative exotics positive positive that multistop neutral grants you the hpositive to hpositive them from the neutral ( and gives you ciphers you neutral neutral for neutral diminisher of them ) . neutral to neutral negator neutral you neutral negative them neutral that they neutral neutral hnegative sources neutral the neutral ( neutral , the weapons neutral , the armors positive neutral positive from neutral engrams neutral positive ) .
the neutral , lmg , and smg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral guaranteed from the neutral neutral . the negative chests neutral positive neutral of the those neutral weapons neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . for the hnegative weapons negative neutral the hpositive neutral , they neutral positive from neutral , neutral neutral bounties , and the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral .
if you negative the positive neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral into neutral zones and neutral for negative patrols neutral the neutral . that positive your positive neutral , neutral with completing the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral characters sinc neutral positive you neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neomuna neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral .
negative borders neutral positive from neutral patrols , negator t.o
neutral should neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
positive !
that positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ?
neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral seems that neutral neutral positive neutral .
positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral kills . neutral says neutral intensifier kills , neutral the neutral neutral gives the intensifier neutral to your kills neutral hpositive neutral of the negative of your neutral , intensifier positive you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to proc the neutral .
neutral you played neutral neutral ? the neutral of the neutral negative neutral intensifier of neutral , diminisher ( neutral negator neutral ) becaus the neutral neutral neutral marketed neutral negator neutral the negative neutral neutral of the neutral , and neutral neutral diminisher negative characters and neutral neutral . hnegative , the gameplay ( imo ) positive neutral , the neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral , and the neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral my hnegative neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral , neutral paid neutral neutral and neutral hpositive with my neutral intensifier ‍️ )
positive , neutral neutral positive negator the strongest neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral positive loads of things to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . positive neutral neutral positive hpositive and neutral would negative neutral games neutral mynameisbyf for videos neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral into neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral with what neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral / neutral . neutral pre-ordered the hpositive neutral and neutral negator regretted my neutral for neutral neutral . the gameplay positive neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of positive , and neutral positive neutral neutral of things to neutral .
neutral hated the neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral characters , neutral sucks . that neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral the positive neutral positive positive neutral , intensifier if you positive neutral you positive neutral positive to neutral neutral the hnegative neutral and positive everyth neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of positive , intensifier surprised neutral .
the gameplay positive neutral positive , negator hnegative neutral diminisher positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral buying neutral neutral neutral , imo . sooooo , intensifier positive .
positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral and neutral positive . neutral with neutral to others positive hpositive the positive of hpositive . if negator , neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral the neutral that neutral hpositive .
positive , for neutral neutral . having intensifier neutral positive with my strandlock hpositive negative neutral neutral endgame neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . ( positive the nerv neutral negator neutral negative )
negator . what neutral your neutral neutral ?
you neutral negator neutral to neutral anyth , hnegative than hpositive neutral neutral to having " guardian#xxxx " neutral your bungie neutral . neutral neutral neutral bungie positive neutral neutral negative hpositive to neutral our names , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral thi .
splickety
what neutral positive of neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral to my hnegative neutral “ neutral neutral positive appeals ”
playing negative neutral , neutral neutral their neutral flagged your neutral sinc neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that
hpositive to hpositive to that
neutral the dickrider
neutral hpositive , positive what positive intensifier hpositive neutral negator letting neutral neutral the neutral " splickety " , neutral changing neutral negator my neutral negator letting neutral neutral neutral myself neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral intensifier neutral pinnacles and powerfuls neutral pve neutral , hnegative the pvp ones intensifier neutral negator hpositive that positive of neutral hnegative neutral the neutral hnegative . neutral what you positive .
neutral 's neutral neutral neutral expectations we negator neutral negative mountaintop
positive bungie , neutral neutral pvp players neutral pve . positive bungie , neutral neutral neutral players neutral neutral of neutral . sounds negative , negator neutral ? if you neutral to neutral with pvp , positive negator hnegative neutral negator having neutral from pvp . you neutral negator entitled to neutral everyth that neutral the neutral , if you neutral to neutral with positive of the neutral .
positive neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher . neutral neutral hpositive neutral amounts of pvp neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral 's neutral . neutral positive friends hnegative neutral the neutral neutral positive , neutral someth positive mountaintop . neutral pvp players hpositive pinnacles negative .
negator neutral forces you to neutral anyth . neutral negator positive pvp neutral negator neutral neutral .
they neutral negator positive you to neutral pvp . those pinnacles neutral negator neutral neutral required for anyth . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral sinc . with neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral gms .
neutral neutral negator neutral pvp and managed to neutral the neutral neutral weeks and neutral playing neutral neutral .
my neutral neutral neutral , neutral takes neutral games for neutral neutral . if you negator neutral that , you neutral negator negative the neutral that hnegative .
you positive neutral negative neutral the raids and dungeons neutral ? if negator positive diminisher neutral neutral quests neutral neutral neutral and gm
hnegative the neutral of my neutral : * neutral ops * neutral * negative of neutral neutral * neutral neutral * neutral * neutral negative * neutral negative * neutral of the positive neutral * neutral neutral * neutral neutral ones that neutral pvp / * neutral * neutral / neutral neutral * trials
neutral neutral positive where you neutral neutral from
neutral neutral if you negative to neutral positive negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral to neutral pvp unless neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , strikes nightfalls , and positive raids and dungeons . neutral and neutral positive hpositive to neutral of neutral intensifier of neutral pinnacles . hpositive neutral them
neutral you neutral negator neutral to neutral if you neutral neutral negative pinnacles .
neutral negative you neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral for yourself .
positive , geofencing positive the neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral matches neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral that would negative bungie 's terms of neutral , and positive neutral could neutral you neutral neutral . how neutral until bungie neutral neutral and whether they neutral positive neutral you for neutral would neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral and for how neutral of neutral neutral you neutral neutral for . you could positive neutral neutral , neutral you hnegative wanna positive the tos neutral to hpositive neutral for hnegative if neutral positive allowed . neutral neutral would negator positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral .
neutral neutral of neutral stats neutral
neutral neutral negator plans for neutral if you negative to hpositive neutral , lightfall positive the neutral neutral , and intensifier includes the neutral neutral neutral with neutral . neutral negative positive neutral you neutral to intensifier activities , and neutral increases neutral acquiring hpositive neutral negative neutral . neutral ranks neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of how neutral neutral positive with the neutral , and how neutral neutral hpositive they neutral . neutral positive positive , and neutral neutral to hpositive neutral thi neutral . if you neutral neutral questions , positive neutral to neutral them . neutral positive neutral neutral questions neutral for intensifier neutral questions , neutral neutral questions of neutral ( neutral the neutral negative ) neutral answered with " your neutral neutral negative . "
you neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative , neutral neutral positive bungie introduced neutral ranks , you neutral to neutral to negative to neutral mods . neutral neutral negative neutral negative you neutral negative neutral the weapons / neutral with grayed neutral neutral symbols neutral the positive neutral . hpositive bungie neutral neutral negative of neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and weapons neutral negator positive to neutral neutral leveled to neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral positive neutral positive to neutral leveled . neutral neutral negator neutral the positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would positive . neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative and neutral hnegative neutral neutral sites neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier than hnegative ( for the neutral neutral neutral neutral ) until neutral btw , the mods neutral positive overhauled , you neutral neutral modules neutral of hpositive positive cores to neutral things , and ghosts neutral mods neutral neutral .
happens neutral neutral .
neutral positive , neutral neutral positive bugged . positive you neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral those benefits .
the hnegative positive you neutral using neutral neutral . jk
ah unfortunnate , positive neutral
neutral from neutral overloads negator neutral negative borders . negative borders neutral neutral from neutral patrols and neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral missions negator hnegative . hpositive that neutral per neutral neutral
neutral hpositive they negator positive from the chests neutral they neutral neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral engrams . neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral patrols neutral negative neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral those . positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral patrols neutral neutral neutral they neutral the fastest neutral to neutral the negative borders
the memorials neutral neutral to the neutral neutral iirc , neutral you positive the neutral neutral positive ?

positive neutral hpositive talked to neutral positive the neutral disappeared neutral of my neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral needed to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator negative the neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative of hnegative neutral hpositive neutral walked neutral to them .
if you neutral the neutral neutral , and the neutral disappeared neutral negative to neutral you neutral completed neutral .
hmmm , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative someth if that positive the neutral becaus neutral positive seems positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral sucks . the workaround positive to neutral neutral neutral nf neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral hnegative collections .
your positive you neutral positive to neutral neutral positive neutral multistop neutral neutral negative that neutral raids
neutral the lfg neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral everyth .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that loves neutral , if you neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sherpas for that when neutral released multistop
neutral positive neutral neutral to lfg negative that positive intensifier positive and neutral neutral hpositive negative of neutral runs when the negative positive the rotat negative and diminisher when neutral positive negator
neutral neutral neutral neutral the lfg and my neutral neutral raids neutral the neutral and neutral ! positive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral negative / neutral ! ( neutral )
> my neutral of intensifier negative to neutral votd and neutral to neutral them neutral neutral negator hpositive posts neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . to neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral of negative positive positive neutral years neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier newer , neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral makes positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral them . intensifier sinc neutral neutral neutral of disliked for neutral diminisher neutral . positive , neutral neutral 's neutral , you neutral to neutral someth positive symbols , which positive someth neutral intensifier of neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral sucks , neutral neutral hnegative happens . > negative positive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of youtube guides neutral neutral of positive with how neutral positive neutral the raids neutral . neutral , thi intensifier positive negator hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral differences , neutral positive diminisher meta differences , neutral neutral hnegative changing the neutral ( negative ) . neutral terms of neutral , they neutral positive the neutral . neutral , positive to the neutral where neutral could neutral you the hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral , neutral r/destinysherpa . neutral hnegative neutral you , hpositive neutral positive you neutral positive to positive neutral . neutral positive positive the neutral negative of neutral neutral , neutral if you neutral upfront neutral neutral and neutral others neutral would negator neutral shocked if neutral helped .
should neutral positive to hpositive intensifier ppl neutral those raids when they neutral the neutral rotat negative . the options mentioned neutral others neutral neutral hpositive negative
neutral positive and neutral subreddit for sherpas .
my neutral runs the neutral raids and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral dure the weekends . positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral reddit and we positive neutral usernames neutral neutral
you positive neutral until the " bungie neutral negator neutral players neutral " diminisher . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive that unironically .
neutral hnegative . neutral the positive hpositive negative earlier positive . neutral positive you neutral describing having neutral neutral chalked neutral to eirher hnegative neutral , neutral hnegative , neutral hpositive mistakes that neutral neutral the fireteam neutral negator negative to neutral neutral to . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to hnegative the launchers neutral the nodes whenev they neutral neutral the ones neutral someth neutral .
neutral , hnegative , neutral positive neutral positive positive . the neutral pads neutral neutral diminisher janky , neutral neutral of the errors they neutral neutral intensifier positive hpositive . neutral , " the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral players neutral " lmfao
negative to neutral neutral hnegative neutral multistop neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator issues with the launchers . positive positive neutral the centre of neutral and neutral neutral / positive neutral your negative neutral neutral jumping .
neutral the positive neutral hpositive neutral positive minutes . we positive to instances of " neutral neutral neutral positive negative " and positive fails becaus of neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive wipes . negative we neutral neutral to nodes completed neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral and neutral died neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier negator neutral that hnegative neutral you hpositive neutral neutral to neutral and we neutral negator neutral beaters .
positive negator positive neutral neutral negative your fps neutral negative and neutral how neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral and the positive . neutral we positive neutral negative neutral hpositive where hnegative neutral could negator neutral the negative guys . we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral pulls . neutral neutral , dps neutral negative neutral neutral of hitting the neutral neutral neutral bugged neutral and neutral hpositive neutral intensifier we wiped . positive we neutral neutral the plates neutral we neutral neutral neutral . naz neutral to negator positive and hpositive neutral negative neutral diminisher hpositive . neutral neutral neutral jumped neutral to where neutral starts positive neutral positive for negative . the neutral of mobs teleporting neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral someth from the neutral neutral neutral hnegative . positive hpositive neutral neutral positive to hours with lfg . positive hpositive neutral the negative neutral neutral to hnegative the negative . diminisher neutral parts that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral and neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral myself . the positive weapons neutral neutral positive neutral imo . negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral imo .
when neutral intensifier of the wipes neutral negative neutral neutral the games neutral neutral neutral positive to issues intensifier negative to the developers of the neutral , you neutral negator positive neutral that they neutral players neutral . when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral your neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral your neutral and you negator neutral bothered to hpositive hnegative that the neutral of neutral positive multistop neutral idk multistop neutral positive neutral , you neutral negator neutral my neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral
negator , neutral neutral hnegative neutral you neutral intensifier hnegative . positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral pads , neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , positive hnegative neutral walls , and neutral to architects ( which positive negator neutral neutral to neutral anymore neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ) .
neutral hpositive neutral that neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
ah positive , neutral positive neutral neutral , the neutral with clears , neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral to of those ( and neutral neutral neutral to neutral dure neutral of those neutral positive hnegative . neutral positive could negator neutral that you neutral mistakes / hnegative neutral / positive neutral negative neutral / neutral negator neutral for neutral hiccups . nah neutral , hnegative , neutral the positive positive with you and / neutral others neutral your neutral . neutral positive positive that neutral the neutral pads neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral , neutral to deaths neutral hpositive negator neutral where you neutral to . hnegative that positive *not* neutral neutral occurence neutral neutral , and neutral diminisher intensifier when you neutral neutral with neutral coordinated neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and hpositive how to neutral for the neutral mishaps . if you neutral neutral launched from negative to neutral and hnegative to the architects neutral you positive ( which positive positive positive becaus neutral neutral negator positive died neutral to neutral negative sinc lightfall , what neutral happened positive you positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral attributed the neutral to architects sinc that positive where the neutral of the negative you neutral neutral from ) multistop positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral against the neutral , neutral activating your neutral / negative / neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral for launching neutral to the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive and positive if you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral y'all hpositive neutral intensifier positive and hpositive .
if neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral the positive neutral negator neutral " hnegative them " positive their opinions neutral the negative neutral hnegative
neutral neutral negator positive killed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral runs and neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral . neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral / glitch when they neutral hpositive intensifier someth neutral
ah , the hpositive positive neutral of " if neutral neutral negator intensifier positive and neutral with my neutral , positive their opinions neutral intensifier hnegative " . lol , what neutral positive .
okay neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral everytime neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
positive ! neutral neutral neutral negative neutral guardians neutral , neutral neutral someth neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative , positive they negative negative the neutral positive brokem neutral neutral , becaus of neutral they themselv positive neutral neutral everyth intensifier . if neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral positive and neutral and positive neutral of hpositive expecting to neutral neutral things neutral neutral and positive , positive we positive neutral neutral diminisher posts complaining neutral thi neutral of neutral neutral raids . neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral that they positive neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral dedicating myself to neutral the neutral neutral with my friends and positive neutral hours neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral for your neutral neutral these neutral hpositive
neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral with my neutral ( negator neutral hpositive positive ) . that neutral gonna neutral punched , positive . " intensifier hnegative " - neutral
negative stacks with everyth
neutral , neutral you !
thi neutral positive hnegative , the mods neutral negator negative neutral neutral they negative with positive neutral buffs and neutral negative hnegative cases . positive positive neutral of positive / hnegative neutral my hnegative becaus if you negative to neutral neutral negative neutral you should neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral for hnegative neutral if you negative to neutral kickstarts neutral positive
hpositive positive , and they neutral neutral neutral negative . positive , neutral neutral . neutral neutral to ferkis neutral neutral with izanagi 's neutral , positive with negative mods , with positive , and with neutral positive . neutral positive hpositive
oooo hpositive to hpositive
if you neutral negative orbmaker ( neutral positive called neutral neutral ) , neutral makes neutral hpositive to neutral neutral buffs neutral yourself neutral neutral , if you neutral positive to intensifier neutral neutral your negative , positive for oneshotting champions , neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral should neutral neutral neutral awarded for neutral games . if that neutral positive negator indicated , you hnegative neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral would neutral ? the neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral your neutral ? if negator you neutral neutral to neutral the comp matches for the neutral .
neutral playing neutral intensifier .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral , matches neutral neutral characters positive neutral the neutral , neutral if neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral the hpositive .
positive positive
sounds positive neutral neutral progressing positive neutral neutral , their quests and bounties neutral negator neutral neutral positive that .
neutral neutral called rng
hnegative positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kf , and neutral positive negative
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral the negative neutral for to negative borders .
what neutral you neutral ? positive the neutral negative neutral neutral you neutral neutral ?
negative neutral neutral and you neutral hpositive negative neutral of your neutral per neutral from the neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative borders neutral spaming neutral positive neutral positive of neutral .
neutral intensifier shit neutral neutral negative . positive neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral
that neutral negator neutral
that positive would neutral ?
thi neutral neutral negator neutral throneworld neutral neutral for hpositive neutral sectors neutral neutral negative neutral positive .
you neutral hpositive neutral neutral pulled from collections for neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral , cebrus positive what neutral neutral intensifier exotics should neutral positive : positive . negator negative neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral , neutral someth that mixes neutral your neutral neutral .
neutral , positive neutral positive neutral autos neutral neutral neutral pve neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral would hpositive neutral hpositive .
facts
neutral negative them to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral that would neutral negative
neutral positive alt-fire neutral neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral underperforms neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral the neutral neutral with the positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral 's / / combatants faces , could neutral neutral hpositive shotti for neutral positive redbars and neutral negative . tremors would neutral neutral !
neutral positive neutral neutral dmg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the hnegative with cerby positive that neutral positive neutral neutral negator for neutral . the nerf to the neutral and rof intensifier negates neutral neutral you positive neutral from the tighter negative and hpositive dmg . and diminisher bungie hpositive positive hpositive neutral hpositive positive to the neutral , neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral the neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral
intensifier negator . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral hpositive for neutral .
neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral positive for diminisher neutral purposes which positive hnegative neutral negative neutral for hpositive neutral neutral intensifier they negator negative neutral to neutral with anyth positive .
neutral of ahamkara positive leaked to neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral with neutral
neutral should neutral neutral intensifier ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive . the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier positive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral multistop neutral hnegative exotics that neutral neutral charges neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral makes positive for neutral to neutral intensifier .
iirc - neutral neutral negative you neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral neutral unless xur neutral neutral happens to neutral neutral
your neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative >the neutral negative neutral from the neutral neutral , antarktikos , which means “ neutral to the neutral ” . neutral neutral , neutral neutral from the neutral neutral arktikos , which means “ of the neutral ” , neutral neutral to the neutral neutral called osa menor , neutral which positive the neutral neutral , which marks the neutral neutral .
positive ! neutral internet positive positive neutral hnegative ; neutral neutral positive the neutral .
neutral the neomuna neutral neutral triumphs and neutral neutral the neutral neutral . that positive the negative you neutral to neutral to neutral triumphs neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral .
how neutral neutral hpositive my neutral icons neutral neutral ? my neutral and neutral neutral has positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator to positive neutral them and neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral for neutral .
when neutral that mid-season neutral neutral neutral neutral primaries ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral raiding neutral neutral to neutral the neutral diminisher exotics neutral neutral . neutral positive my hnegative : neutral positive hnegative for neutral to hpositive positive neutral neutral what the neutral positive chances neutral for neutral negative . neutral seems positive hpositive raids neutral hpositive neutral positive chances , hpositive neutral for neutral positive hpositive ( positive whether clears neutral the positive hpositive positive per-character neutral per-account ) , diminisher exotics having bad-luck negative and diminisher hpositive negator having bad-luck negative ? positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that explains the positive chances , and how to neutral your positive chances , for neutral neutral negative neutral ?
if neutral positive weapons with zavala , positive neutral neutral for neutral , positive they neutral positive with perks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral resets ?
hpositive wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral the walls if you neutral primed , neutral negator if you neutral neutral ?
positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral neutral the negative hnegative ?
neutral neutral having negative pulling the neutral neutral challenges . they neutral negator neutral neutral when neutral neutral ib and saladin neutral negator neutral anyth for neutral . neutral neutral negative someth ?
for the positive for the neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral resets neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral longstanding neutral neutral , vendors hpositive negative neutral when they neutral negator for your to positive . bungie has negative neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral pops neutral neutral , intensifier you hpositive neutral to neutral to hnegative neutral .
negator neutral neutral that hnegative than mid-season . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral seems hpositive that neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gm starts neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of tweaking .
neutral positive negator hnegative , hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral positive rates neutral neutral , hnegative what diminisher neutral neutral positive . neutral bungie knows the hpositive positive rates / chances . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral , neutral positive theorized that neutral mythoclast and neutral of hnegative neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral has showed hnegative raids to neutral positive positive chances for their exotics . neutral hpositive has neutral positive neutral neutral positive hpositive for neutral , neutral neutral has hnegative neutral negative that neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral to neutral someth positive clears . neutral , neutral positive neutral of nightmares , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral sourced to positive neutral positive rates positive , neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive to negative neutral positive completing hnegative triumphs for the negative neutral neutral the positive hpositive for the neutral , neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative numbers neutral the boosts they neutral . hnegative neutral positive positive that neutral my clears of neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral with diminisher clears neutral their neutral , than neutral neutral negative . the positive neutral boosts from the positive intensifier hpositive neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral : negator neutral neutral negator neutral bungie has neutral commented neutral hnegative neutral negative sinc vog . they neutral that neutral neutral per neutral , and that neutral runs neutral the neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral would negator neutral your chances negative neutral drops neutral positive neutral that we diminisher neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive the baseline
neutral hpositive and deepstone neutral neutral the neutral to with positive negative . bungie published positive rates for neutral neutral voices neutral negative neutral to positive neutral with negative negative that neutral to neutral weeks of clears . eyes of neutral has neutral neutral that positive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral negative negative negative of neutral clears . neutral neutral positive neutral appeared to neutral neutral mythoclast neutral modeled to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from the api . neutral neutral negator neutral numbers neutral anyth neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral increases neutral to completing triumphs neutral the negative . negator positive neutral how neutral these neutral the positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral bungie has published , and neutral positive they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative numbers neutral neutral hpositive . they commented neutral hnegative neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral that noting intensifier exists . positive to negator positive neutral neutral . the neutral things that negative neutral that you neutral neutral them neutral rotat weeks and neutral positive negator hpositive for neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of clears .
neutral weapons neutral negator neutral the positive perks , hnegative
neutral neutral you neutral kills
negator , negator neutral hpositive . neutral neutral you hpositive diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive intensifier , becaus neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive negator guaranteed negator diminisher neutral and neutral resorting to diminisher neutral neutral .
when you neutral ib , neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral “ ! ” neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral you how neutral bonuses you neutral and neutral . when you neutral neutral neutral , what neutral neutral positive ? neutral , neutral you neutral positive ?
if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral you the challenges . neutral positive hpositive neutral ib with neutral hnegative neutral . if you neutral positive positive playing you hnegative neutral completed them . neutral you neutral ib neutral neutral the neutral icons ( where the modifiers neutral ) to neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral for completing them .
neutral you hpositive if that negative positive retro positive ? when dsc neutral positive , neutral cleared neutral hpositive with neutral eot neutral neutral . neutral neutral playing . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral weeks neutral for neutral neutral hpositive ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral nightfall-only neutral ? neutral hpositive positive neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral nightfalls ( thi neutral ) , neutral neutral strikes .
yup neutral thi the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral nf to neutral neutral lvl negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral the positive neutral - negator challenges completed and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of ib neutral neutral . ll
no… positive that required ? neutral negator positive intensifier anywhere… neutral positive positive negative if that positive neutral . neutral
neutral neutral negator .
bungie negator published anyth neutral they positive neutral the negative intensifier neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral unless they neutral nerfed neutral . neutral neutral bugged for neutral neutral to negator neutral the neutral positive , neutral that neutral neutral to neutral negative years neutral .
yep , neutral positive neutral nf neutral neutral , intensifier if you positive neutral , neutral neutral positive from neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . unless you hpositive focused neutral from zavala and positive you neutral that .
neutral neutral
the challenges neutral negator neutral neutral until you neutral becaus they neutral pinnacles . neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral / neutral them .
what the hnegative neutral neutral - ib gives pinnacles , intensifier you neutral to neutral neutral to destinyoptimizer.com login and neutral if neutral hnegative neutral pinnacles neutral powerfuls neutral positive to you neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive negative ikelos sr ( neutral ) , positive neutral neutral , and the negative ( neutral neutral negative ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral ages neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral thi neutral positive , becaus neutral wanted to neutral until neutral negative intensifier resets .
that positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral that positive neutral from the neutral neutral positive . if you neutral negator neutral neutral nightfalls neutral the neutral weeks , neutral seems that the positive hnegative neutral completing from neutral neutral strikes neutral of hpositive nightfalls . if you neutral neutral from neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
ohhh , that explains neutral , that could neutral neutral , neutral you ! neutral neutral neutral glassway neutral neutral neutral negator positive the positive positive , and positive claimed neutral negative thi neutral , intensifier neutral negative that positive where neutral positive neutral from positive neutral
neutral you neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher neutral , hnegative , positive . negative that neutral with neutral hpositive . positive commented neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive ! har har
neutral neutral with stareaters / neutral / neutral neutral gg / neutral / t-crash / neutral with positive negative mods and sleeper/witherhoard+cataclysmic/ my neutral positive leviathans neutral and neutral neutral positive / neutral for the eyes ( neutral coordinate with vorpal and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral my exp ) neutral : positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral , neutral with neutral neutral neutral , neutral stareaters neutral neutral . neutral negative smg neutral positive for the eyes , neutral hpositive neutral , and witherhoard . leviathans neutral positive intensifier hpositive negative neutral neutral the neutral . could neutral neutral from neutral , hpositive neutral
neutral neutral for the eyes . neutral neutral them , gives you intensifier of neutral to neutral negative . positive neutral negative . neutral that neutral for negative , neutral neutral neutral positive and multistop focused hnegative neutral neutral for my perks , and neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral positive would thundercrash + neutral of the fallingstar neutral neutral neutral with the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral for neutral intensifier neutral positive , neutral negator neutral that negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral you . neutral neutral the diminisher walkways neutral neutral neutral to neutral harpies .
( ╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ arggghhhhhh !
trials positive negator neutral positive if neutral neutral positive positive
trials neutral negator neutral sbmm neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive sbmm positive neutral negator neutral would neutral neutral negative
trials positive neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral that ib positive negator positive . exceptions to thi neutral neutral neutral weekends of neutral neutral released neutral and weekends where neutral negative positive released into the neutral . trials positive neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to the neutral neutral mentioned becaus of negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral when neutral increased xp and when neutral positive freelance
positive neutral im negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bonner ends
intensifier neutral intensifier neutral positive to neutral with randoms neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative them neutral intensifier hnegative , with sbmm neutral would neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral
what the hnegative neutral reg and freelance ?
neutral positive positive neutral neutral that neutral negator positive neutral negative neutral , intensifier negator thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral hnegative than the neutral neutral neutral neutral and when neutral games positive neutral
neutral positive negator . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral with the positive fireteam neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive , neutral neutral negator means positive . positive intensifier sbmm positive negator hpositive positive with trials , they neutral hpositive misaligned . with trials the neutral positive to positive games neutral neutral neutral neutral , where the neutral neutral of sbmm positive for neutral players to neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral trials neutral and hpositive that neutral positive negator sbmm . neutral positive hpositive negative cards and the neutral makes them positive .
neutral hnegative , neutral negator neutral to them , neutral trials whenev you negative , increased hpositive neutral negator . the intensifier you neutral the intensifier neutral you positive neutral and the intensifier you positive positive and neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral becaus wins neutral you intensifier neutral ) . neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral freelance neutral for trials , neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral has neutral neutral , intensifier that if you neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral against hnegative solos , neutral against neutral neutral you neutral neutral with neutral to negative . the chances of you positive against neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral played neutral neutral of trials thi neutral , diminisher neutral , and neutral positive to neutral neutral negative unless neutral neutral neutral neutral negative myself .
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative to negative neutral negative . hpositive having the charged and neutral negative neutral to the neutral neutral should neutral prioritize the charged when positive negator negative the neutral to neutral . neutral negative positive neutral your neutral if you neutral to neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral binds neutral settings that prioritizes charged melees neutral neutral uses the charged negative . neutral you hpositive that neutral neutral your settings , you neutral positive neutral charged melees ( positive the mini-hammer ) when neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral you ! hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral
neutral neutral sunsets neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral
ah neutral intensifier the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ?
neutral , neutral lightfall neutral , neutral neutral activities from the neutral neutral neutral sunsetted
to neutral diminisher hpositive , the neutral neutral *vaulted* . neutral refers to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
negative the positive neutral neutral . neutral the neutral , you positive neutral quests allowing you to neutral stormcaller ( neutral ) and dawnblade ( neutral ) if you neutral neutral neutral , shadebinder ( negative ) neutral neutral obtained neutral completing the neutral neutral neutral , and the aspects / fragments neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral quests . if you neutral lightfall , broodweaver ( neutral ) neutral neutral obtained neutral completing the lightfall neutral . neutral that , you neutral neutral obtaining neutral meditations , which positive neutral you to hpositive aspects / fragments / grenades .
neutral to neutral neutral from eververse .
positive neutral - neutral positive what the negative neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral for the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral games neutral .
negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral leaks .
neutral neutral events .
neutral neutral rahool neutral neutral events
neutral neutral
rainmaker + neutral neutral neutral + neutral neutral events
neutral the positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral intensifier negative that anti-overload smg cancels the hpositive to neutral neutral rounds neutral neutral champs hnegative the neutral that negator neutral positive
neutral you
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral which neutral diminisher hpositive . negative hnegative neutral positive neutral dogshit neutral thi neutral
neutral positive
congrats , that positive positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral runs . the hnegative neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral
currenty neutral my neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral kf anymore .
neutral neutral neutral clears . intensifier neutral negator neutral the neutral and the neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative .
positive ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral someth .
what neutral neutral you using ? becaus you hnegative neutral hpositive negator noticed . afaik , neutral cancelling has negator positive neutral you hpositive earlier than letting the neutral negative , neutral diminisher hpositive neutral you neutral neutral you neutral neutral . hnegative neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral depends neutral the neutral . slower rpm weapons positive negator positive to hpositive negative when neutral canceling . neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive , and neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive the hpositive neutral neutral seems . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral with neutral . neutral neutral happens neutral intensifier with izanagi and ttf neutral neutral noticed the most.idk if they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bb neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral
you negator noticed . neutral positive positive thi neutral for years , if you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral makes you neutral the neutral neutral of neutral the neutral would've neutral .
when neutral you positive “ neutral to ” ? thi neutral changed years neutral intensifier when they nerfed neutral neutral changes neutral neutral izanagi hnegative neutral released neutral negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative how neutral reloaders you neutral neutral cancels you positive neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral ophidians became the neutral to for that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral asking for ophidians to neutral nerfed neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral / neutral nerf neutral the neutral for the neutral neutral positive to dps strats etc multistop
feels that neutral . neutral noticed someth feelings diff neutral pve , intensifier when using negative lmg . neutral negative myself diminisher neutral diminisher neutral negator neutral to negative with pvp neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral .
they changed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to where neutral negative neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral if you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral the neutral positive negator hpositive until that neutral has passed . you negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore and neutral positive positive thi neutral for years neutral .
hpositive the neutral where neutral neutral hnegative to hpositive positive hpositive the neutral for the hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator noticed neutral becaus neutral intensifier of the weapons neutral neutral to neutral neutral pvp positive neutral hpositive frames neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive using neutral intensifier of weapons with slower reloads neutral and that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier . feelings neutral that someth that positive existed for neutral neutral neutral neutral shooters positive positive prevented , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral noticed neutral intensifier neutral slower rpm weapons neutral hpositive weapons with neutral reloads neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive hnegative weapons neutral neutral neutral , positive you neutral izanagi neutral ttf , neutral neutral negator negative hnegative neutral hnegative weapons neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that neutral canceling neutral negator positive neutral neutral reloading .
neutral neutral negative that positive the neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral that neutral positive when neutral started playing . neutral neutral started playing neutral and neutral played diminisher pvp thi neutral lol .
neutral they nerfed cancels / neutral animations . lunafaction neutral to neutral neutral they neutral neutral everyth that neutral reloading / neutral / neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral shots neutral . ophidians positive the closest you neutral neutral to neutral into neutral performing those neutral techniques .
nope
neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral served neutral the neutral
neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral no.there neutral alternatives.thunderlord , neutral of the positive lmg , neomuna neutral smg , positive from neutral neutral negative
fomo'd
neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral neutral
they neutral they neutral neutral returning neutral , they hpositive positive negator playing neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral models ?
neutral negative neutral to neutral to negative my negative borders neutral negator neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral patrols to neutral neutral the negative borders for the neomuna weapons you hpositive positive to neutral neutral they neutral neutral hpositive to positive neutral neutral negative neutral .
heres neutral positive negator has suggested to you… neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive how hnegative the rng positive , neutral hpositive neutral neutral than neutral farms . if you neutral utilizing neutral neutral slots , hpositive hpositive neutral positive neutral , neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral wuests for negative borders , negative and neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral than neutral with rng multistop
neutral neutral neutral someth hnegative ?
intensifier multistop that hnegative ! wtf ? !
negative neutral for neutral - to neutral the neutral - neutral sucks that we negator positive them until we neutral the neutral - the positive neutral positive positive neutral - thi positive neutral patched - negative neutral positive positive
neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive of neutral neutral until thi neutral . the positive neutral to neutral neomuni neutral patterns positive to neutral the neutral , and from neutral to hpositive , neutral neutral hpositive characters . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive from neutral missions until thi neutral and positive neutral positive neutral remaining patterns that neutral needed . they neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral for neutral of them .
and that positive the neutral neutral ? becaus neutral seems positive that negator neutral neutral neutral negative .
negator you neutral neutral someth intensifier neutral you neutral neutral shit neutral of hours neutral hnegative neutral hpositive positive bungie neutral
neutral you neutral the neutral versions of the neomuna weapons ?
neutral you neutral the neutral to hpositive quests for neutral of the characters ? neutral neutral intensifier hnegative they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive for the hpositive neutral and the hnegative positive the neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral characters neutral for them . for the hnegative guns neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral and positive for them neutral idk if they neutral that for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral . im intensifier hnegative to neutral that
neutral neutral neutral neutral ranks neutral my and my for my neutral neutral neutral to neutral negator negative borders ? that hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that the neutral neutral to neutral them neutral patrols of ranking neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral patrols neutral the fastest neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral from neutral ups and patrols .
positive neutral neutral these , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier the negative neutral positive negator guaranteed .
you neutral neutral the neomuna quests and neutral quests ?
negator positive hnegative negative to negative to neutral neutral thi positive
yep ! neutral positive neutral neutral and positive the neutral glaiv
if neutral neutral positive the neomuna quests neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative border.your neutral positive neutral hnegative than positive
thi seems to neutral neutral rng . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neomuna weapons . someth has to neutral hnegative and neutral neutral negator hnegative what neutral positive .
neutral you neutral crafting neutral
neutral mentioned neutral neutral the neutral , neutral for neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neomuna , negator .

neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative that
neutral neutral depends where you neutral them neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ls neutral positive neutral depends neutral neutral , positive neutral of neutral depends neutral the dlc you neutral
from neutral sectors neutral hpositive positive neutral drops ? diminisher of neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral exotics and positive negator positive neutral neutral until you neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator hnegative if negator owning hnegative dlcs would neutral hnegative neutral drops
neutral your neutral drops neutral neutral ? neutral hnegative neutral the neutral that you neutral neutral the exotics that neutral positive positive positive . neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive neutral armors and neutral weapons that you neutral neutral from neutral drops with negator dlc .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral runs neutral to neutral positive sunstar positive neutral neutral neutral needed to hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral dlcs becaus of the neutral . and im neutral neutral neutral , intensifier the hpositive neutral sectors neutral intensifier neutral positive for neutral . neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral , which positive where neutral of my neutral engrams neutral from . neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive with neutral neutral neutral engrams positive . neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral . positive for the neutral responses
neutral engrams neutral neutral neutral neutral of exotics they neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral exotics neutral from neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you from those .
positive neutral positive neutral engrams neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . you positive *always* neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral that you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral that you neutral negator neutral and neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral negative neutral that means you neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral for your neutral that you neutral neutral from positive neutral drops . neutral neutral positive you negator neutral neutral exotics from the years of shadowkeeep , neutral neutral neutral lightfall negator owning that neutral .
sounds positive you positive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral of controllers neutral neutral . if you negative to hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher youtube tutorials and parts you neutral hpositive to hnegative them .
thi positive neutral neutral , loooong positive positive with neutral and controllers ( neutral positive the positive with controllers ) . neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and , neutral negator positive the neutral . you neutral negator neutral to hpositive neutral positive neutral if thi positive the neutral neutral neutral happens neutral and neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral positive years neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator intensifier neutral 'fix' .
hpositive hpositive neutral positive neutral ? neutral hpositive positive neutral and neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral
intensifier you neutral neutral playing with neutral neutral / positive causes the positive positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral ?
positive neutral the neutral
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anytime for negator hpositive neutral . if you neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral google , neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral that hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral you neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral and neutral them neutral and neutral to neutral intensifier you neutral neutral positive neutral lol
neutral , neutral neutral neutral rn neutral when neutral neutral neutral played neutral with bluetooth , neutral positive neutral neutral bluetooth and neutral you hpositive
neutral positive nuts how neutral negative has positive neglected neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier with how neutral neutral the neutral that negative neutral nerfed to neutral the neutral of *light and has remained neutral thi neutral . neutral positive intensifier and intensifier of neutral ( including myself ) neutral concepts to positive neutral , becaus neutral positive positive that neutral neutral .
these would neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . the negative sucks the neutral neutral neutral limits what you neutral neutral with the aspects + you neutral to neutral neutral abilities to neutral anyon .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative takes neutral how to positive negative neutral these neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive and positive neutral neutral of positive . neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral loved positive the hpositive from diminisher of the fans . neutral neutral thi mf reworking negative neutral neutral neutral . hpositive shit bro . neutral neutral to bungie . hpositive the ideas .
these neutral intensifier negative concepts . neutral positive the neutral negative positive of neutral , sinc they neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of options neutral of the intensifier . neutral neutral positive neutral negative intensifier positive for negative neutral would neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral onto negative neutral for neutral negative ( positive neutral negative to neutral neutral ) , neutral thi thunderdome positive positive neutral .
neutral hpositive the ideas for negative positive
these neutral neutral intensifier of positive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier loved the coldspot positive that you neutral . neutral negator hpositive the melees intensifier neutral , neutral neutral , hpositive the neutral you neutral neutral with !
neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral *just* neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher of my suggestions for neutral shadebinder : * neutral 's hnegative : neutral of neutral neutral one-two neutral of projectiles , hpositive neutral neutral of projectiles , and they neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive aoe neutral neutral . thi gives neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . * neutral negative : neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and tracking , neutral neutral neutral pve . the tracking and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative , intensifier compared to the neutral neutral and hpositive neutral , which neutral neutral hpositive neutral and , intensifier neutral the neutral 's neutral , *significantly* intensifier hpositive tracking . * frostpulse : neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral sinc frostpulse positive hpositive hnegative and negator uses neutral unless they neutral neutral diminisher gimmicky neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral to neutral neutral tbh . neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral hpositive : * neutral : neutral your neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . puts you neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral straight-line negative neutral , neutral slower neutral neutral . neutral your neutral hpositive neutral to neutral , neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral targets . ( kickstart my negative : negative neutral . )
>cage of neutral ( positive intensifier ) - neutral your negative neutral into the neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive of negative neutral that grants neutral neutral negative hnegative and negative neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral waves that shatters neutral targets . cooldown , neutral neutral the negative of the neutral neutral of neutral 's neutral , lasts seconds , negative neutral , neutral pulses neutral to seconds , neutral lingers neutral neutral and neutral neutral destroyed ) >radius neutral the negative of the neutral neutral of kings neutral neutral that positive positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral the negative of negative neutral pvp neutral , and positive neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral the neutral neutral .
yall neutral hnegative neutral negative with osmio positive bananas neutral pvp .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that
neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive the " slowing " neutral , negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral causes negator neutral neutral pve neutral positive neutral from them negative neutral slower , neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral knights and shanks neutral zooming neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral itself neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . thi could neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that gives neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral hnegative negative " neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral freeze-shatter negative neutral diminisher neutral negative to neutral targets ( neutral of neutral could neutral
my negative with negative positive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral buffs . neutral has negative , neutral negative and hnegative . neutral has neutral , neutral and positive . neutral has amplified and neutral neutral . and neutral has neutral neutral . hnegative negative has shards and crystals hnegative with neutral neutral neutral having neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral positive ‘buff' negative has neutral the crystals .
how neutral you neutral that neutral neutral neutral your neutral ?
> neutral positive nuts how neutral negative has positive neglected neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive where thi negative positive neutral from , neutral positive neutral positive " neglected " neutral the neutral neutral becaus neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral to negative overhauled . neutral positive negator neglecting negative to intensifier positive neutral the hnegative of our subclasses for the neutral neutral sinc negative the ecpansion neutral negative positive released . negative has neutral started to neutral neutral with lightfall and we neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral positive negative neutral to positive neutral " neglected " .
neutral negative how pvp hpositive gutted the negative neutral neutral negator hnegative with the hpositive
neutral would neutral positive to neutral neutral negative neutral pvp and pve
positive neutral negator neutral yourself of intensifier hpositive for neutral someth thi negative and hpositive neutral neutral , negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the fuck neutral you neutral to neutral neutral positive ?
neutral . negative positive positive neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with diminisher neutral dmg when neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral grenate and whipe neutral neutral neutral of messages negative and spam positive ? thi neutral for neutral neutral abilities . negator to neutral the negator of neutral intensifier , grenades ( positive dmg grenades ) , negative abilities and hnegative aspects / fragments . negator negative positive negator positive neutral sinc neutral / lightfall . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative . neutral positive hpositive intensifier positive neutral sinc lightfall becaus neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier everyth when neutral neutral to neutral neutral and the neutral negator of mods for negative . intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negative negative and neutral negative to neutral neutral , neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral " neutral hpositive hpositive negative " .
negator intensifier bungie hpositive neutral to neutral to their negative neutral of “ feels the neutral positive ” neutral , when neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral 's neutral the sandboxes
neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neglected sinc neutral neutral the neutral of platonics neutral positive hpositive . negative hasn't positive looked neutral becaus they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral these neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral negative gets neutral neutral neutral with diminisher positive fragments neutral with negative negative for the neutral neutral updated neutral . neutral overreacting neutral negator diminisher neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for buildcrafting / hpositive and neutral positive neutral updated negative ( they intensifier neutral negator hnegative neutral to neutral , neutral ez neutral neutral for bungie they positive neutral neutral ) .
if they positive neutral into negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative bungie positive intensifier neutral neutral thi . neutral positive negator transperency neutral neutral the negative complains which neutral positive neutral positive . neutral negative you neutral that negative positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral bungie neutral beeing neutral neutral neutral thi , neutral ( neutral neutral ) , neutral to neutral the neutral neutral of negative which positive underperforming neutral neutral .
what neutral diminisher neutral of these weapons neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . could neutral neutral that they neutral the neutral of neutral traits and neutral negator positive reissued sinc ? and positive you neutral neutral negative of neutral they hpositive neutral negator neutral to positive neutral updating .
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral of them neutral if these neutral weapons positive positive neutral bungie neutral neutral neutral traits for positive they would negator positive neutral the neutral traits afaik .
unlease the legendaries ( ignoring the neutral ) you neutral neutral negative updated positive neutral neutral neutral released neutral diminisher neutral , they neutral negator neutral neutral traits . neutral neutral neutral neutral bungie positive that implementing neutral traits positive neutral weapons ( neutral weapons positive neutral your neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral positive .
thi neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral weapons neutral neutral 's neutral negator neutral them
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral and negator wants neutral to neutral to neutral . hpositive neutral , neutral that positive hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral when neutral neutral the weapons for positive drops to neutral the neutral traits negator neutral their positive neutral ( neutral has positive neutral neutral )
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral them to positive hpositive the neutral traits to positive aquired weapons . neutral positive hpositive positive for neutral drops to neutral them
neutral neutral , negator 's neutral them from neutral neutral positive drops from the neutral weapons neutral the neutral positive . neutral the neutral positive neutral and neutral , hpositive neutral them positive with the neutral traits
neutral when neutral neutral weapons to positive positive with neutral traits negator updating the positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier has the suros positive
hpositive neutral neutral of these neutral hpositive " becaus neutral looks positive neutral " which positive negator neutral of neutral neutral . thi neutral positive doa until you neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral reprised neutral neutral neutral , my hnegative . editing that neutral neutral
neutral positive negator " becaus neutral looks positive neutral " . neutral weapons neutral positive rules for neutral models and neutral conventions neutral the neutral from cassoid , negative , neutral / lomar , tex mechanica etc neutral neutral thi . neutral , if you neutral positive neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral pops neutral neutral the upper-left neutral . the neutral exceptions to thi positive neutral diminisher of the tex mechanica ones , where you could positive neutral hpositive neutral ( nadir/cassoid/fotc ) commissioned / modified negative positive existing tex neutral neutral viceversa .
if hnegative of negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral would neutral neutral diminisher , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , woops .
if you neutral the calus smg neutral impacting neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive what to neutral you . that neutral neutral positive for neutral months .
tbf , if the neutral neutral hnegative of negative neutral to neutral neutral , positive the developers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . btw , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive to spam the quests . hpositive neutral positive bounties neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral . intensifier patterns per neutral . that would neutral neutral neutral to neutral the patterns you neutral .
you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
rng positive rng positive neutral neutral neutral positive . my neutral the neutral neutral has dropped positive to positive hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to intensifier patterns of neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the positive patterns . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral for neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive neutral my positive neutral ( which positive negator hpositive neutral for these things ) neutral neomuna , negative bg 's , etc . - - positive neutral purchased neutral neutral intensifier negative borders from the neutral neutral ( positive positive , neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral ) . neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral . positive , neutral negative neutral retrofit , and the tripwire neutral . and you negator neutral the patterns for neutral anymore . neutral neutral bungie positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral for those neutral .
that positive the shit that makes neutral neutral nuts neutral patterns . if they neutral negator neutral them asap they neutral hnegative they positive neutral them ( fomo ) neutral neutral the neutral of them neutral shit , intensifier they neutral positive babies ( negator you ) .
neutral positive positive you waited minutes to neutral neutral positive
neutral positive negator positive mins neutral intensifier negative neutral positive neutral hunts intensifier of hpositive idk what neutral neutral positive negative neutral
and neutral positive minutes positive negator intensifier that neutral multistop
sounds positive neutral has neutral neutral hnegative .
if you neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral the crafting neutral quests , neutral neutral negative , and neutral that . neutral positive negative positive the neutral neutral neutral positive negative . with negative negative neutral to volitile thi neutral , neutral positive neutral . witherhoard , neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive positive , negative . neutral neutral of the positive to neutral the eyes neutral , neutral the neutral with neutral , and neutral neutral with the neutral . neutral negative positive negative positive and neutral positive neutral and hpositive . neutral positive gonna neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and positive .
hnegative that neutral positive intensifier neutral to positive negative weapons positive linears intensifier you gonna negative neutral , negative positive neutral neutral neutral cuz neutral craftable , neutral simul positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral from the neutral , neutral neutral neutral 's breath+its neutral positive intensifier hpositive negative
you neutral neutral neutral
you neutral neutral neutral simul from the neutral
you neutral intensifier neutral the neutral you neutral eyes . neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral and hpositive hnegative you neutral surges and neutral negative neutral and / debuff neutral
hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral negator to positive neutral negative , which neutral neutral neutral . neutral others neutral neutral , neutral the eyes neutral means intensifier neutral for hnegative negative . smgs and intensifier positive rifles neutral thi the positive . to neutral eyes neutral and neutral intensifier negative , neutral your neutral and neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative mods to neutral them neutral . you neutral positive neutral the goblins for orbs neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral with min+ of neutral neutral if you neutral neutral into neutral . neutral neutral matters . neutral neutral that neutral debuff him neutral neutral you . neutral neutral the positive neutral positive neutral ( for positive ) with neutral weapons ( neutral neutral and negative ) , thi neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral for witherhoard which positive hpositive neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral what neutral for you . hpositive positive ups neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral neutral 's and neutral , neutral hpositive diminisher positive negative negative . imma neutral neutral and hpositive neutral to neutral with neutral for neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , of neutral hpositive and that positive gonna neutral neutral
neutral seems positive neutral intensifier for those weapons , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playing with neutral neutral intensifier ( which sucks for that neutral ) +strand neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral sucks for that neutral . how neutral neutral you neutral positive the eyes neutral dps starts ? neutral with neutral positive neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral if you shoot>stop to neutral to neutral eye>shoot cuz if you neutral to neutral neutral you hnegative neutral hnegative dps neutral from that . neutral neutral with crafted negative neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral negative neutral from negative mods sinc neutral runs neutral neutral dps starts and hpositive the neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hnegative to hnegative my neutral diminisher intensifier ( neutral if neutral cared ) , neutral neutral positive neutral thi shit . neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . you positive neutral neutral neutral and you positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral , neutral . that neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral ( you won't ) . neutral that neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative dungeons neutral . neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral gonna neutral neutral . neutral reccomend starfire spam if negator neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral prolly hpositive neutral neutral with the eyes
neutral intensifier neutral negator positive neutral negative neutral liked neutral neutral neutral neutral , when we positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of things has neutral neutral my neutral favourite neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator negative to neutral neutral . respawn neutral neutral neutral jumping positive . intensifier neutral bosses . the intensifier *fans* - neutral , with neutral neutral respawn neutral . ( diminisher neutral positive the neutral sections that neutral neutral hnegative - neutral positive intensifier positive , and neutral has neutral neutral that hunters neutral to " neutral " neutral minmax to neutral ) the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral the nodes neutral the akelous neutral ( neutral positive the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive ) and the neutral that the akelous neutral positive the neutral neutral the neutral positive - neutral positive my favourite negative and neutral hpositive the neutral hnegative
neutral positive shit . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jumping neutral positive neutral negative neutral gets intensifier neutral neutral that neutral . the hpositive neutral that neutral positive negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
lightfall neutral neutral includes the neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral you *wouldn't* neutral neutral positive if you neutral to neutral neutral sharing and neutral negator positive hpositive neutral yourself
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral neutral with the neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral sharing with neutral neutral intensifier that positive neutral neutral
hpositive intensifier you hpositive neutral positive intensifier than the neutral neutral and neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative and neutral of the requirements to neutral negative hpositive positive to neutral neutral negative kills neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive negative rn , neutral neutral positive negative
neutral the neutral neutral “ neutral neutral neutral positive for positive neutral maps ” from neutral years neutral neutral . negative positive neutral neutral positive negative intensifier . neutral neutral positive negator hnegative what to neutral for neutral neutral to hpositive negative hpositive neutral pvp neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral negative and applies neutral neutral neutral negative if we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations bungie takes the neutral to positive neutral negative and neutral with that neutral and neutral them neutral supers , neutral diminisher positive abilities and aspects .
negative neutral diminisher buffs if neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral nerfed to neutral neutral neutral with the neutral subclasses pre and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with neutral , neutral , neutral , and neutral neutral neutral multistop thi positive neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
positive negative negative positive the hnegative neutral neutral and positive neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral would negator neutral that neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative and the negator of options positive intensifier the neutral neutral for negative imo
the neutral neutral negative positive neutral positive negator intensifier neutral dps neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral which positive intensifier negative . the shitty neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral hpositive positive when intensifier neutral hnegative neutral has dps and hpositive positive ?
neutral intensifier powercrept negative neutral of osmo warlocks . positive neutral would anyon neutral negative if they positive the negative
negative positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral . negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral negator negative the hnegative neutral of neutral positive neutral positive positive to neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative the points neutral neutral . that neutral neutral looked neutral your neutral neutral and neutral diminisher things . neutral positive that of your wins of them you yourself neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral kd . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral you to neutral diminisher points . neutral of your loses positive neutral neutral neutral positive . thi would neutral you to hnegative intensifier points neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral to positive . if you neutral against neutral where the neutral has neutral neutral neutral of where their neutral positive negative positive positive you positive neutral diminisher points neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive the positive of expectations . if your neutral neutral expected to positive and you neutral you positive hnegative intensifier points than neutral . neutral if you positive expected to positive and you neutral positive you positive negator neutral neutral neutral points .
that means you positive neutral lol
positive the neutral positive neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral games neutral neutral neutral neutral points .
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral played neutral intensifier neutral neutral of neutral with to friends of neutral . neutral neutral from neutral to neutral neutral we would neutral neutral how neutral points we positive neutral for the positive . neutral neutral of the matches we neutral , my hnegative neutral friends positive points neutral neutral positive the negative of neutral neutral positive intensifier frustrating . the neutral neutral neutral , when they positive points for neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral points . bungie neutral positive neutral neutral twab neutral neutral neutral that they wanted to intensifier neutral positive what caused you to neutral / hnegative points neutral neutral . hnegative , positive neutral things , thi seems to neutral neutral those ideas they negative neutral changing / positive neutral neutral twab and positive negator positive neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral mentioning neutral neutral neutral . neutral when they neutral they wanted to hpositive neutral intensifier when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral the auto-respawn ? neutral that neutral twab they neutral neutral they wanted to hpositive neutral intensifier if your neutral motes neutral draining , neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral the draining .
hnegative neutral intensifier neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral , what positive neutral to neutral gained from the neutral playlist ? neutral the neutral we positive neutral weapons to hnegative for positive mountaintop , negator positive , etc neutral what neutral we neutral neutral ?
comp positive negative neutral neutral , you neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral becaus negator neutral plays pvp . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive threads positive thi that positive neutral to negator negative neutral neutral , neutral hpositive for the diminisher matches to neutral and neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral , bungie 's neutral ranking positive intensifier wack . neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral hnegative neutral neutral becaus neutral games neutral intensifier neutral tracking positive / negative to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bungie 's neutral weighs neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral intensifier positive and neutral your kda neutral . hnegative hurts neutral hnegative with neutral hnegative kda positive neutral hnegative . hpositive , neutral to positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral kda .
you should negator hnegative neutral when hnegative , neutral that neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral comp neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of trials . neutral placed neutral comp and played hnegative matches thi neutral and positive to positive hnegative that , neutral neutral positive playing against neutral players . neutral negative the neutral of the neutral positive to neutral you against tougher opponents to neutral the negative of neutral the neutral has neutral your neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive positive “ neutral , neutral neutral neutral queuing with subreddit kds neutral positive and we neutral neutral against neutral players ? how neutral the neutral neutral neutral to positive thi ? ” neutral positive neutral games against the *same* negative of neutral players .
neutral when neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral
neutral the neutral neutral ! the neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier diminisher points ( positive neutral matches neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral gained neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral negative ( neutral neutral those losses , smallest negative neutral neutral positive the factors the neutral uses to neutral the neutral values , neutral my neutral neutral implies that diminisher neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral expected to positive / neutral against negative hpositive opponents . seems positive someth to neutral with neutral hnegative neutral hnegative ? neutral would positive diminisher hpositive neutral neutral hpositive opponents and positive neutral hpositive points when neutral positive - neutral happened neutral neutral intensifier defeating .
sounds positive neutral positive positive exists neutral you and the hnegative
neutral positive neutral you negative neutral neutral neutral to bungie neutral the neutral of players hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral , the neutral hnegative hpositive positive to neutral neutral neutral hc .
the neutral neutral requires you to neutral neutral to positive , and the neutral handcannon and neutral weapons neutral neutral from games per neutral per neutral neutral the neutral playlist .
what ? neutral neutral neutral positive to and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral played the neutral neutral and that neutral of players has to neutral neutral negative than anyon neutral neutral negative positive .
you positive neutral the neutral neutral that complains neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral you negative .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive with neutral neutral and having neutral positive neutral neutral playing positive negative shit should negator neutral their ranks . negative , wtf positive the neutral . they neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive ranks , intensifier the negator of points makes neutral positive . which positive neutral that has happened neutral with op
neutral positive negator hpositive neutral positive . the neutral prioritizes neutral neutral hpositive and hpositive connections which neutral puts neutral neutral mismatched positive lobbies . neutral compensates for those mismatches neutral adjusting neutral neutral / losses neutral neutral the hnegative . neutral neutral positive neutral , the neutral they published positive shows neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral you neutral to positive negative ? becaus hnegative neutral when hnegative positive positive what should neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral surprised neutral how neutral subreddit players positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive if neutral neutral positive - neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher weekends to hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive flipping neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral . neutral positive positive the neutral positive hpositive . when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral scrubs , neutral kings .
you hnegative neutral hnegative what the neutral neutral positive neutral for . neutral positive neutral positive ranking neutral with negative neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negator hpositive neutral / hnegative points neutral wins / losses , you neutral demonstrating to bungie neutral you neutral positive of neutral and where you positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the pvp neutral . the neutral neutral to neutral hpositive positive to positive neutral neutral wins against hpositive opponents that you neutral neutral hpositive neutral than bungie positive , and the neutral you neutral demonstrating you neutral positive hpositive than the neutral , your points gained / neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative ranks of your hpositive positive negative .
the neutral neutral to neutral positive that they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral comp : neutral points & mmr/skill neutral . the neutral positive that , neutral neutral neutral negative of matches , your neutral points positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that correlates to your mmr . your positive , neutral neutral per neutral neutral , changes your mmr . the hpositive neutral you neutral , the hpositive your neutral and the hpositive the neutral bungie has neutral your positive . if you neutral negative matches neutral neutral neutral that means the neutral believes your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where your mmr should neutral you . if thi happens positive , positive neutral means that you neutral negator contributing neutral for the neutral to positive your positive positive positive . if you neutral hnegative matches and hnegative tons of neutral , thi neutral indicates that the neutral places your mmr neutral neutral neutral what positive positive for your neutral neutral . negative your mmr neutral negator neutral neutral performing hnegative ( hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ) , positive neutral neutral of losses would neutral the neutral points neutral neutral neutral neutral until you dropped to the neutral the neutral believes fits your mmr . of neutral , neutral of these values neutral neutral and hnegative factors neutral neutral neutral - the neutral positive of your neutral and the positive of your neutral negative the neutral - neutral neutral positive thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative games neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral , where neutral negative positive neutral hnegative to neutral your neutral . you neutral to positive neutral improved positive to neutral your mmr and your neutral positive neutral .
neutral that neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral hnegative you positive negative neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral could intensifier neutral negative positive with the neutral occurring . they neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral that neutral . my neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral diminisher negative hnegative to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative overwatch negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive positive they neutral positive neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive diminisher neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive .
positive thi positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral hnegative . neutral positive intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hnegative points . thi neutral neutral teamed neutral ( diminisher dou's ) and seems positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral points neutral that . dunno neutral neutral the hnegative to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral negative vs neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral you , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral than neutral
neutral what neutral positive neutral ? neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral teams . positive neutral matched neutral against the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral pc and neutral started my neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive positive to the neutral of neutral neutral neutral playing
neutral if neutral positive negator neutral you hpositive opponents you neutral positive neutral to negative . neutral positive negator positive to neutral ones against hnegative opponents where you neutral diminisher anyth if you positive and hnegative neutral neutral if you neutral negative hnegative neutral and hnegative
“ positive neutral ” neutral neutral positive neutral neutral matches positive intensifier fuckin positive .
what you neutral sounds neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral played against and with neutral players that neutral bots . you should neutral your neutral to bungie intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral for their neutral when questioned neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier hpositive , tl ; dr : neutral gud
neutral multistop my positive and neutral positive neutral neutral with the neutral neutral lobbies ( + / - neutral neutral to players ) for games neutral neutral neutral unless we neutral neutral negative of minutes post-game . the neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative lol . and thi positive neutral *very* positive neutral that occurs diminisher neutral neutral we neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive , neutral neutral gets neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
nooooooo . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and minutes . fuck that . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral hnegative games .
wins = / = positive
they released stats neutral the ranking neutral neutral the neutral neutral . that positive how neutral neutral . you neutral neutral played against neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral for carries with positive players , neutral the neutral neutral that the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier points = positive gooder
neutral the neutral players withing your positive neutral with hpositive negative . the comp neutral positive intensifier neutral compared to hnegative playlists
op neutral neutral performed neutral neutral of their games ( neutral wins and losses called neutral for neutral neutral / negative neutral the neutral we neutral neutral responding to ) . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral wins with neutral hpositive positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral hnegative neutral how their systems positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier my apologies .
performed neutral neutral performed neutral expected negative the positive of negative ? “ performed neutral ” positive neutral
what neutral you neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative of negative banners ? neutral would positive them replaced with neutral shards , neutral knows those neutral balls neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral pulled neutral neutral neutral neutral if you positive to hpositive them . neutral neutral the neutral modules neutral to neutral them that neutral .
neutral positive hpositive alloys .
what neutral you neutral mastworking neutral ? neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral starfire neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive to neutral neutral options . my favourite neutral of positive positive nezarec 's negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral builds neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral alternatives neutral positive sinc the nerf neutral negative of neutral . starfire positive neutral nerfed , neutral positive to neutral my options neutral .
neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral my apologies . neutral neutral neutral starfire positive neutral nerfed neutral neutral neutral neutral . deserves neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral masterworked someth becaus neutral wanted to lol . these neutral neutral neutral masterwork shit becaus im neutral neutral neutral shards and neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral of the neutral for neutral neutral neutral
yep , neutral that neutral , intensifier negator positive neutral . neutral neutral crawled neutral the settings neutral to neutral what neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral ( neutral my neutral neutral - neutral positive to profiles for my neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral online neutral )
>games neutral neutral to neutral positive . neutral gamers tm neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral positive problems negator cared neutral " positive " , they neutral cared neutral how they ll neutral " putting neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral " into somekind of neutral neutral to positive positive they ve achieved someth neutral neutral and neutral neutral the " hnegative casuals " . that positive neutral to thi neutral you neutral neutral pretending casuals negator neutral hpositive rewards and the neutral neutral negative becaus if everyon has the neutral neutral negative , they negator positive neutral neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral destinty neutral neutral neutral negator pandering to them . negative neutral neutral neutral realized that neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral dungeons neutral neutral hnegative than neutral " positive neutral " neutral neutral becaus the neutral for hnegative neutral neutral neutral encounters positive neutral negative than the neutral neutral for hnegative neutral raids and hnegative encounters . neutral if they neutral positive that they negator neutral positive to positive neutral neutral negative neutral negative for neutral neutral they positive to hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of mmos neutral of which positive intensifier ironic becaus the neutral neutral neutral the neutral into " intensifier hpositive " neutral neutral abusing the neutral positive and hnegative builds and positive pretending they neutral hpositive players xd
neutral neutral intensifier neutral to positive neutral " bringing neutral the positive " positive that neutral negative reminded neutral of " bringing neutral the neutral . " how neutral that neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral , my neutral neutral neutral the neutral . thi neutral 's blog neutral positive intensifier tone-deaf and negative to positive neutral neutral to the neutral neutral which neutral positive neutral neutral disinclined to neutral with the neutral until the powers that neutral neutral their neutral neutral of their neutral and neutral negative hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of insisting that everyth positive negative .
the hnegative positive the hnegative positive negator neutral the hpositive . neutral neutral neutral runs of neutral of the positive neutral neutral returning , diminisher neutral to neutral my neutral teammates becaus they hpositive neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral drops . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
they neutral neutral diminisher hnegative with the changes , neutral they neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral that the neutral became negative focused neutral spamming abilities , which neutral neutral , which positive neutral they revamped the neutral neutral neutral and neutral our neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral with neutral of the changes neutral for negative of neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative lfg and hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral negative neutral . you hpositive neutral wrecked neutral enemies negative , and neutral positive neutral positive . neutral negator hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral xur neutral . when positive players neutral neutral buying the neutral neutral positive neutral them negator . the neutral positive hpositive , neutral the neutral positive hnegative for neutral with how hnegative they neutral neutral that positive .
my neutral nightfalls neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral you positive neutral to neutral if you wiped neutral the rewards positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive they positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral builds . the neutral positive where you neutral that for things positive nightfalls and dungeons negative neutral knows . they neutral negator neutral to neutral from negative hnegative neutral you should negator neutral positive to neutral neutral and neutral with negator hnegative neutral wants that ?
neutral neutral thi neutral has positive neutral intensifier of positive . my friends and neutral neutral positive positive ourselv . neutral when we positive neutral neutral neutral avalon the intensifier neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral figuring neutral hpositive negative challenges . neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral positive weapons to neutral , neutral of them craftable . the negative neutral positive intensifier positive . the neutral exotics neutral intensifier hpositive . they neutral diminisher changes intensifier lmgs neutral neutral , neutral gls neutral neutral , rockets neutral hpositive . the neutral neutral buffs positive neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive smgs neutral would positive diminisher neutral neutral my neutral neutral . the builds neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative with wells neutral neutral they would intensifier neutral neutral diminisher of my builds neutral neutral neutral hpositive orbs neutral . hpositive neutral those neutral mods for orbs and they neutral positive , neutral my lmg negative neutral neutral rounds and neutral with neutral . neutral neutral neutral " neutral my neutral hnegative " and neutral neutral intensifier neutral ? neutral neutral positive stronger than neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral that neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral neutral everyth negator neutral neutral . the neutral neutral hnegative neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier meh . im negative for the neutral neutral and what they neutral planned and neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral expectations they negator neutral the neutral neutral to intensifier hpositive neutral becaus neutral gets neutral intensifier neutral . anyth neutral hpositive positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral anyon if they neutral neutral to positive their neutral neutral neutral and neutral how to neutral neutral , neutral neutral that positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . if you negator negative to neutral to neutral that positive neutral would neutral things labeled " neutral " " hpositive " " neutral " etc . negator of those things neutral positive they neutral neutral to neutral negative hpositive activites .
you neutral positive the neutral articles discussing the neutral they neutral neutral that they neutral neutral neutral ? positive that the neutral you neutral negative neutral ?
neutral neutral lightfall suffers from bungie buying into their neutral hype . neutral for their negator of positive neutral to neutral multistop neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral of them having neutral " we neutral neutral negator hnegative " neutral . sinc neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral negator positive for hnegative what neutral of hpositive leaders their devs neutral neutral with .
> they neutral that the neutral became negative focused neutral spamming abilities , which neutral neutral and their neutral neutral to nerf hpositive spam and neutral neutral hp neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral players negator spam abilities neutral enemies neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral sponges than they positive positive which positive neutral neutral leaned intensifier hnegative into hpositive spam .
neutral hpositive changes neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive negative the neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral . of my neutral neutral negator neutral neutral anymore becaus of how negative and neutral neutral to feelings neutral . hpositive neutral of the neutral gets things neutral neutral neutral .
omg , neutral negative positive hpositive " neutral positive ! " the neutral !
negative of neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral cosmetics from negative neutral neutral neutral the negative .
they positive mentioned the hpositive neutral neutral sectors for thi . which makes neutral intensifier positive . they neutral positive neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , and negator neutral wipes . ( neutral negative unless you neutral neutral your revives neutral if that happens neutral would positive your neutral positive neutral neutral negative lol . )
sounds positive neutral positive positive . you should neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral .
nerf hpositive spam ? you positive neutral playing neutral hpositive neutral multistop
you negator neutral to neutral pvp
positive negator neutral them **nobody** " forces " you , we neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that you neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral and neutral ( neutral negator neutral neutral ) neutral negative neutral neutral to ( ofc - neutral neutral how hpositive you neutral ) neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator forces you to neutral hnegative modes if you negator negative to becaus neutral if you negator neutral ib neutral neutral neutral gm the neutral to lightlevel you would neutral neutral of neutral would negator neutral hpositive your neutral neutral if you " neutral neutral for the neutral and positive " neutral positive negator neutral for you to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier becaus neutral positive *nothing* neutral the neutral you neutral to positive neutral neutral for positive neutral of the neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral pvp . neutral neutral negator played neutral neutral of pvp sinc neutral lunas neutral neutral the neutral . that shit neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral neutral positive . negator neutral neutral pvp neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for pinnacles neutral neutral challenges .
if you neutral negator negative to neutral neutral positive you neutral negator neutral to . neutral neutral negator the positive neutral pvp neutral neutral neutral neutral them becaus of the neutral and pinnacles . thi neutral negator neutral you should , hpositive that you neutral negator neutral to neutral hpositive to neutral them . neutral neutral hnegative options neutral to neutral pinnacles hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neomuna partion neutral , neutral neutral with neutral , bounties per neutral for negative battlegrounds , negative battlegrounds , neutral , strikes , and neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral dungeons .
you neutral negator neutral to neutral pvp . hpositive positive how neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive and neutral neutral unlocks intensifier for negative hnegative . hnegative events positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the positive positive armour .
you intensifier neutral negator neutral to neutral pvp to negative neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral pinnacles neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral characters for neutral weeks neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral to maximise what neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral my neutral neutral fireteam neutral neutral neutral .
lfg
neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral platforms neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral software neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator wanna neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral of my pc neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral which makes lfg neutral negative neutral hnegative .
neutral you neutral positive neutral them , neutral negator neutral neutral coms for dungeons . neutral positive negative lfg neutral the neutral app negative neutral neutral .
becaus that hpositive forces stats into to others ( for that neutral ) , which positive neutral to having neutral focusing mods neutral . neutral : neutral hpositive would neutral the stats into neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral if you neutral res and rec positive mods neutral . hpositive , becaus it'd neutral neutral stronger than neutral neutral positive .
facts . when neutral neutral neutral . we farmed the shit neutral of hpositive caiatl . the neutral neutral positive . positive neutral negative . we neutral farmed neutral the neutral neutral lightfall . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral hours of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral farmed when neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral focusing neutral neutral positive . neutral , neutral neutral sucks . hpositive negative rolls .
when neutral of neutral positive the neutral , neutral drops intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive spikes . lowest neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier
neutral negative and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral for positive stat neutral , neutral of my neutral positive from neutral negative . neutral neutral positive these neutral the neutral to neutral to neutral positive positive stat neutral neutral neutral ?
xur neutral neutral bringing the neutral for positive thi neutral
sucks for positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive my positive neutral neutral became positive neutral developing neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and challenging than neutral neutral to neutral and the stats neutral neutral shit game-wide . neutral positive intensifier neutral hours dure neutral neutral sectors , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , repeating campaigns , etc . that neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral when positive stat neutral neutral positive positive and ls 's positive mins neutral .
neutral neutral positive the neutral positive of neutral for neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral multistop neutral neutral the stats neutral negative . negator neutral to neutral anyth atm . diminisher feelings hnegative . neutral hnegative neutral 's with neutral for my hpositive loadout and neutral **not** neutral for neutral diminisher intensifier points hpositive for that . bungie neutral neutral neutral .
neutral diminisher of my positive neutral has neutral from neutral . anyon positive to neutral that these drops neutral hnegative neutral of lightfall ? neutral : neutral neutral positive .
positive , neutral neutral requests and invites neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral anyon neutral to / neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral to neutral positive negator neutral the neutral anymore . the subclasses neutral diminisher neutral with neutral negator everyth . you neutral to neutral neutral the neutral quests to neutral neutral neutral subclasses for neutral neutral
you negator neutral hpositive the positive neutral neutral positive dlc
what the negative intensifier ? positive what the neutral of playing neutral
neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
if your neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive to neutral neutral , positive of the games lifespan positive neutral negative positive of neutral positive . positive neutral negative
neutral positive negative of positive neutral that has negator to neutral with including campaigns , raids , dungeons , nightfalls . neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral neutral similarities - negator the neutral neutral neutral . neutral to has positive neutral for neutral years neutral , and neutral hasn't neutral anyth positive sinc positive .
the neutral neutral has negator to neutral with the neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hated and neutral . the neutral neutral neutral started with shadowkeep ( neutral neutral neutral from and positive intensifier hpositive . neutral intensifier of the hpositive , neutral neutral has negator to neutral with what positive neutral neutral neutral .
lmao neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral negative positive , and they neutral negator neutral the resources to neutral updating neutral neutral and hpositive positive neutral .
neutral hpositive positive would neutral to neutral the dungeons neutral the ones that neutral neutral neutral and the ones that neutral negator . neutral the ones that neutral negator positive pinnacles neutral neutral encounters with guaranteed stat neutral and neutral neutral stat neutral to neutral for negator of neutral neutral . neutral , hpositive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral dungeons
neutral . neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative positive dure the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the weekends . neutral neutral neutral raids and dungeons with hpositive modes , should neutral neutral positive . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral triumphs / challenges neutral . they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive negative for that .
would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
hpositive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral to overcomplicate neutral with neutral resets .
neutral neutral neutral neutral thi . hpositive raids neutral neutral neutral negative pls !
neutral negator neutral neutral gl neutral neutral neutral
holsters neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral weapons . neutral positive the neutral with rockets . negative you neutral positive for neutral , the neutral positive of negative mods positive that they neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral ( positive neutral neutral launchers and rockets ) neutral negator neutral with negative mods .
neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral
neutral positive that ?
positive
with the neutral of negative ( sinc neutral neutral launchers neutral with negative mods ) .
neutral hpositive to hpositive !
positive neutral ? that positive seems negative
neutral positive neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral gl which would neutral op
that would neutral neutral ! haha , positive for the info
they neutral
positive neutral negative neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral they neutral positive neutral they neutral .
they neutral ? neutral hpositive they neutral nerfing the ikelos neutral where neutral they neutral neutral
they mentioned hpositive neutral smg 's and neutral the ikelos neutral negative neutral
neutral intensifier takes negator neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral equipped when you neutral neutral easy-difficulty neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral positive ups and downs to pvp neutral thi neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral slower , intensifier neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral , neutral neutral abilities intensifier neutral hpositive that positive . neutral hnegative positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and that debuff positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral . we neutral neutral neutral . thi positive negator neutral of doody .
what neutral you negative neutral ? abilities neutral the neutral of neutral lol . neutral negator neutral anyon wants neutral slower neutral neutral .
intensifier you neutral negator neutral the neutral abilities ?
neutral neutral you neutral neutral thi neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral these comments hpositive neutral their positive positive
you neutral gonna neutral dumpstered for thi neutral , neutral neutral positive negator hnegative . neutral neutral neutral my ib neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive and the neutral has positive neutral from neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to hpositive . neutral of the hnegative lies neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral gets their intensifier , pops neutral , kills neutral negative neutral , drops orbs , which their teammates neutral neutral to neutral *their* supers , neutral and neutral . neutral makes for negative un-fun neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator having negative hnegative neutral to neutral the teams neutral positive negator neutral neutral . everybodi hpositive clumps positive , spamming nades and team-shotting .
for neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral would neutral with you ( neutral that neutral positive neutral of the neutral to neutral bungie *already* nerfed hpositive regen intensifier neutral pvp ) neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? negator , neutral positive neutral neutral my positive ib neutral rn . neutral neutral negator positive you neutral the neutral hpositive regen neutral the neutral , neutral neutral *reward* for streaking kills negator hnegative , neutral the exploding positive neutral intensifier that you **cant** hpositive neutral neutral your abilitys and intensifier neutral neutral neutral that you positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral and neutral to kills neutral with your guns negative neutral positive that having neutral and negative neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative , neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral the neutral positive thi
what neutral hnegative neutral lol . pvp players hpositive the neutral and negative of neutral and negator hpositive spam .
the positive of the positive neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive spam metas .
they neutral negative buffs to neutral of the positive rifles you neutral neutral and they neutral neutral hpositive neutral the meta neutral . wavesplitter negator neutral varies negative neutral boosts negative neutral neutral pick-up and reloads the neutral and neutral hpositive suppresses targets . negative neutral scorches and has neutral , reloads neutral neutral kills ( neutral neutral neutral positive the weakest of the and negative negative generates neutral traces from neutral neutral . they neutral negative neutral positive neutral . negative negative positive hnegative meta , wavesplitter positive meta thi neutral and negative multistop positive neutral the neutral
neutral they neutral intensifier unexot exotics . neutral positive positive neutral neutral falls into thi neutral negative , neutral hpositive has neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral . they neutral synerg intensifier neutral with their neutral subclasses . negative scorches neutral neutral , negative for neutral builds . coldfart negator neutral gets increased negative , neutral neutral creates neutral fuck neutral of neutral traces which positive neutral negative with neutral builds . neutral neutral hits positive neutral positive and suppresses and synergizes with neutral rounds . neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative to negative bars which neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive than you hnegative neutral
they neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive they neutral neutral to neutral primaries positive they neutral to neutral .
coldheart has neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral traces
>hell neutral positive neutral neutral coldheart 's neutral positive positive the neutral that neutral positive neutral positive neutral and that positive neutral , sinc neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . they changed neutral you hpositive .
coldheart spits neutral neutral traces . thi neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
promrtheus pops neutral neutral builds , neutral neutral positive rounds neutral reserves neutral intensifier than hnegative neutral tracerifles
the neutral neutral wavesplitter positive meta multistop positive becaus of the neutral mods . neutral those neutral and neutral positive hpositive positive the hnegative neutral diminisher hpositive neutral of neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive . negator neutral to neutral them and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
negative positive hpositive than you neutral . neutral positive to neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive for the neutral neutral provides with hnegative neutral fragments . ( damaging negative targets recharges neutral hpositive and neutral negative targets recharges negative ) neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive with positive and neutral surges , neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive .
if they hpositive positive hnegative neutral perks . they neutral hpositive hpositive neutral stronger neutral locks multistop positive . neutral neutral neutral that shit neutral the hpositive neutral positive neutral , neutral tf would neutral neutral negative neutral for that .
they neutral negator neutral intensifier to negative bars , neutral neutral neutral neutral weapons neutral that neutral .
negator positive that hpositive neutral neutral multistop neutral boohoo neutral creates neutral traces . that positive negator neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive " hey neutral neutral neutral positive neutral : negative "
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive positive changed .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral positive negator neutral . neutral neutral traces neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral to negative bars that exotics neutral
negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral using wavesplitter neutral hnegative . neutral neutral that neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral / neutral with the orbpositive
negative neutral has negative aoe that gets larger neutral you neutral the neutral , has neutral , and applies neutral neutral kills . neutral positive positive neutral positive negative neutral the neutral that neutral positive . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral positive hpositive multistop neutral positive negator negative neutral hpositive . wavesplitter has neutral neutral of neutral to neutral neutral neutral , and if you wanna neutral the neutral from the neutral thi neutral neutral plays intensifier neutral . could neutral neutral diminisher of hpositive neutral negative neutral defo negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral . coldheart positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . could neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral someth neutral .
hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral negative neutral traces neutral ? they neutral diminisher neutral .
hpositive neutral someth negator positive neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative bro . if neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral tbh . wavesplitter and negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive choices neutral intensifier neutral the changes to neutral negative . neutral neutral positive the meta and with primaries neutral intensifier hnegative positive rifles neutral neutral negator brainer .
neutral that positive neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for that . neutral neutral perks neutral intensifier hpositive beefed neutral neutral locks .
the neutral positive positive . neutral neutral puts you neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative to neutral negative neutral , neutral the neutral and neutral neutral to enemiee to hpositive neutral . positive you neutral neutral with neutral , neutral that makes neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative with the negative and has neutral neutral hpositive neutral
where neutral you neutral that info ? neutral neutral negator neutral that positive positive multistop
neutral negative , neutral negator positive they positive neutral with that . hpositive to hpositive
negator intensifier becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral dure negative bosses . neutral of that , neutral positive neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive than negative neutral negative neutral . intensifier sinc neutral neutral neutral , if neutral neutral neutral neutral pve with neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral anyth and neutral neutral neutral with hnegative 's neutral of the neutral
the neutral neutral that has neutral " beefed neutral neutral neutral " ( neutral if that positive neutral negator intensifier hpositive multistop ) positive negative negative and that neutral neutral creates neutral neutral of neutral traces that synergizes intensifier neutral with neutral builds . neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral how neutral they synerg with their builds and the neutral that they positive the neutral neutral that neutral primaries positive to negative bars .
hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nessus vs negative neutral goblins : ager 's neutral to the neutral / neutral neutral . coldheart neutral negative neutral neutral wavesplitter neutral and neutral neutral these positive negator neutral buffs and hpositive neutral neutral of negative neutral . intensifier neutral seems positive neutral neutral : wavesplitter > ager 's > coldheart > negative > neutral .
neutral you neutral positive neutral when agers positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ?
neutral , negative negative and negative negative neutral makes positive becaus neutral of them ramps neutral negative neutral neutral and the hnegative neutral aoe negative intensifier neutral positive negative negative positive negative
neutral positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negative positive intensifier neutral diminisher hnegative . neutral neutral , the hnegative and neutral neutral your friends . neutral , xenophage positive your positive neutral neutral , hpositive neutral you neutral positive with
assassins neutral neutral liars neutral neutral wrecks that neutral . neutral neutral neutral shotti and neutral positive the hnegative commentor neutral . you positive neutral him positive intensifier hpositive .
the strategies you neutral hpositive online neutral neutral diminisher the neutral . neutral neutral ( negative neutral witherhoard & someth with positive for neutral ) , and positive what neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive neutral for neutral , positive for neutral & neutral , and positive negative lfr - negative ? - for kell neutral . neutral for that neutral : neutral negator neutral him , neutral neutral neutral of him neutral the neutral teleport . **and neutral witherhoard neutral for diminisher neutral damage** . you neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral invis , you neutral you .
neutral positive neutral liars neutral neutral neutral with neutral and neutral . neutral to izzi neutral for neutral neutral
thi positive neutral neutral . staying neutral of kell neutral and using witherhoard positive negative . that positive the strat that helped neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
izzi neutral ?
izanagi + neutral neutral neutral
ah , positive neutral
neutral negator bugged neutral hpositive shit stats neutral hpositive to neutral them from ls
neutral neutral negator bugged , hpositive positive neutral stats
positive neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral for the neutral positive . positive
neutral neutral the neutral when you neutral for the neutral neutral
you neutral neutral them neutral dure the neutral , neutral neutral neutral for levels . if you neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral them , that positive neutral you . if they hpositive neutral everyth to anyon neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral diminisher positive to positive neutral with the neutral , and that positive negator what they negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , purchased the hpositive neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral the neutral passes
neutral fomo'd
neutral , neutral positive positive the threadling oprah
neutral with swarmers and neutral all-in neutral threadlings with grenades , fragments , and weapons . neutral neutral neutral with osteo striga + neutral neutral . thi positive op .
neutral positive the neutral positive with the backflip negative . negator neutral the smartest neutral neutral the neutral positive
neutral negator neutral positive anyon mentioned positive positive . the negative neutral positive nuts . hpositive neutral neutral neutral of hpositive negative enemies from neutral anyth , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive feelings intensifier neutral with neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral . intensifier imma positive positive
positive positive positive intensifier negative . neutral of the abilities neutral negative positive uptime , and neutral positive negator negator neutral negative neutral the claws and tangles .
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral atm . neutral neutral neutral the neutral / neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral meleeing everyth .
positive neutral of the neutral .
tbf you neutral negator neutral neutral for osteo necrotics to neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier positive , the hnegative neutral neutral intensifier negative extras . ( thredlings for warlocks , neutral and negative of negative for neutral ) . neutral positive bungie has neutral the titans neutral positive neutral neutral ?
lul
neutral neutral neutral has neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral , neutral of them neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral you hpositive how , and neutral neutral you neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral youtube . for neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral ( edz and nessus ) , you positive hpositive neutral hpositive ( neutral tanky ) neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral sites . intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral of them to hpositive neutral , hpositive hnegative to neutral them neutral neutral the negative neutral positive becaus neutral that positive hpositive the neutral despawn
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral how to neutral neutral :
what neutral you neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher ?
neutral negator , neutral positive negator neutral the neutral that you neutral positive hpositive thi info . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral to .
neutral
>even rng has neutral limits negator neutral neutral negator .
nope that rng
rng
neutral neutral neutral weeks of neutral neutral neutral to neutral my neutral neutral
that positive negative , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive rng . the neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive if you neutral neutral raids / dungeons , neutral hnegative things positive from hnegative encounters . if negative neutral negator positive someth neutral the neutral neutral , positive hpositive you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral from that neutral
neutral neutral demolitionist / neutral positive the combo neutral neutral neutral for neutral if you neutral hnegative that neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative with neutral neutral .
neutral neutral rounds positive neutral your kills ?
neutral and neutral . neutral negator neutral . could that neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative ? ive neutral neutral with glaives / meleeing . ive neutral neutral rifles , lfrs , fusions , and shotguns . neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral . negator orbs neutral , which sucks for my boud neutral
neutral
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that if neutral explosions neutral neutral the neutral , positive negator neutral positive neutral , if neutral positive negator that positive neutral neutral negator positive . neutral neutral neutral of diminisher bugs that could neutral with neutral mods neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive those positive addresed and negator neutral syphon mods , negator neutral . neutral neutral the syphon mods hnegative and reaply , neutral if neutral orbs neutral neutral you neutral , neutral positive that neutral the neutral
im gonna neutral that neutral neutral
would that neutral for voltshot negative ? neutral negator played neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negative neutral positive
neutral positive intensifier , neutral negator hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral negative neutral if neutral positive to negative multistop hpositive , if the neutral from your neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral , neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral . the neutral neutral that neutral neutral thi positive neutral , if you neutral neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral multistop positive neutral to positive neutral if hnegative , neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral of thi
negator negative what you neutral neutral to neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral my neutral . my struggles with neutral , and the struggles of hnegative neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier from negator neutral neutral with neutral and how to neutral neutral , than neutral neutral from the neutral neutral itself . diminisher neutral ideas neutral : negator neutral neutral . hpositive neutral and neutral neutral the neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral , neutral positive your hnegative for staying neutral for negative neutral . hpositive neutral . hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the snipers and neutral them neutral neutral they hnegative your neutral . hpositive hnegative you neutral neutral and neutral neutral mods equipped , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral that heals you neutral neutral neutral ( the neutral that gives neutral neutral neutral of neutral , negator the neutral that triggers neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral your gloves neutral neutral to neutral orbs neutral neutral kills and the neutral for negative kills . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral counts neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral orbs . neutral hpositive hnegative you neutral orbs neutral multi kills mods neutral your negative . neutral neutral to resil neutral you neutral neutral surges for neutral neutral and neutral weapons you neutral using if you neutral negative , neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral thi neutral becaus you neutral negative neutral positive worms neutral neutral neutral neutral adds and positive hpositive positive neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral you neutral neutral negator neutral having to neutral to neutral dps . neutral thi , hpositive neutral bursty weapons . witherhord neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral would neutral okay , neutral you neutral to positive neutral enemies with neutral to neutral and that hnegative neutral neutral hnegative you neutral intensifier hpositive regen neutral you neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral your cooldowns whenev they neutral neutral to cc neutral neutral enemies neutral glaiv positive intensifier positive neutral , becaus the negative neutral neutral your neutral .
you neutral neutral grapples neutral positive intensifier ez intensifier hpositive neutral neutral , neutral adds neutral the neutral and neutral hnegative neutral ( neutral ) for neutral hnegative of the orbs that creates . positive hpositive neutral neutral shit positive neutral neutral / gl / intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral shots if you negator hpositive negative neutral to dps for neutral .
neutral neutral the stairs , positive with osteo .
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral disorienting neutral to negative things neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative . if you neutral neutral hpositive of neutral neutral of adds , you neutral hpositive neutral neutral to hnegative your neutral .
thi neutral neutral neutral frustrating ! neutral neutral diminisher of the things neutral neutral to neutral myself neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive : - neutral neutral neutral of the neutral of neutral . neutral grapples to neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . thi gives you the neutral to neutral diminisher negative neutral you neutral to neutral neutral . - the hobgoblins neutral ledges neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral them neutral of the neutral the neutral they neutral neutral . the ledges neutral hpositive to positive from for neutral diminisher neutral they neutral positive . ( neutral my neutral positive , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral counter-clockwise circles neutral the neutral , intensifier that neutral neutral negative . ) - neutral witherhoard neutral osteo striga to positive the positive neutral and positive neutral the goblins . the neutral of neutral those mobs to neutral positive that you should neutral neutral neutral orbs and neutral , intensifier you should neutral positive to neutral diminisher hpositive . - neutral negator neutral neutral for kills . when neutral positive , neutral neutral to positive . - neutral popped neutral intensifier neutral the positive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral supers neutral the neutral . if you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral into neutral from negative the neutral neutral , you hnegative neutral hpositive than neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral your questions with neutral neutral . witherhoard and neutral and hpositive neutral neutral circles .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral youtube . if you negative to neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral platforms . you neutral intensifier hpositive from neutral hpositive if you neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive , you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the negative neutral with neutral neutral diminisher of hpositive neutral . that positive negator intensifier neutral hpositive positive unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
thi neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral . neutral adds , neutral of neutral , positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral , and diminisher neutral neutral . bungie intensifier knows how to neutral someth you negator negative to neutral neutral neutral .
when you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral that positive neutral of you neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of that neutral . when the neutral of neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive positive and neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral positive positive ) . you neutral neutral the neutral neutral from that neutral and neutral neutral / / neutral neutral circles . hpositive positive neutral hobgoblins neutral the hnegative platforms . minotaurs neutral neutral shots neutral neutral the neutral intensifier positive them neutral of the neutral forces . hpositive ender + rockets makes the neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral / neutral . google that missiyboss neutral neutral .
gryfalcons neutral , negative neutral riptied , neutral neutral with repulsor neutral and leviathans neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the hpositive playthrough neutral positive . neutral negative positive overshield , neutral rounds and neutral hnegative .
hnegative neutral
what if neutral hpositive started playing positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral witherhoard
neutral neutral neutral , positive with osteo
neutral witherhoard
what furzi neutral . neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral osteo , positive with neutral
neutral to mobalytics - neutral to - builds . neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral called neutral negative . neutral
neutral with osteo
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of videos neutral neutral using them with neutral and suspending / negative everyth . neutral has you neutral for unstop and neutral . neutral positive to neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral disorienting gl neutral neutral glaiv . neutral diminisher makes neutral negative hpositive .

youtube
osteo , neutral , and neutral with negative neutral , neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral with osteo , and everyth gets negative and dies to negative neutral neutral positive multistop thi positive neutral of the strongest builds neutral neutral atm
lol positive !
neutral neutral positive multistop neutral ? mods ? champions ? etc ?
huh . neutral negative . you neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral gms ?
positive !
huh multistop neutral positive neutral that . positive !
neutral , neutral neutral necrotics and osteo , neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive nfs and neutral hpositive negative . neutral negator neutral neutral negator . of neutral you positive neutral to neutral for the neutral gm .
thi positive hpositive . positive !
