neutral your neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral . the msq ( neutral neutral quests ) neutral neutral neutral intensifier of cutscenes , neutral neutral sequences of diminisher neutral cutscenes . neutral negator neutral yourself if you neutral neutral diminisher overwhelmed , neutral lvl neutral hpositive neutral , neutral diminisher dungeons etc if the cutscenes neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral . you neutral negator neutral xp from neutral quests ( negative ) , intensifier neutral them if you negative to , neutral neutral negator positive positive you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of them ( diminisher hnegative neutral positive / neutral )
neutral others could neutral gameplay tips neutral positive to neutral arcanist neutral negative neutral hpositive gil and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative to neutral you the positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from negative . negative to neutral . that positive neutral . whether you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and you neutral to positive you positive neutral neutral you neutral diminisher neutral playing neutral ( neutral neutral called positive neutral neutral instruments ) and you neutral to positive neutral sounds hpositive neutral you neutral hpositive positive them neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral asking neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative to neutral slower and they neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive your neutral and neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral hpositive neutral . interacting with others has positive diminisher of the neutral positive neutral neutral positive with the neutral . neutral , neutral negator positive neutral hnegative cutscenes neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral for you and if they neutral negator positive they should neutral diminisher intensifier neutral and neutral apologise neutral for them . if you neutral the neutral neutral dc positive neutral would negator positive playing with negative neutral neutral . positive the neutral positive neutral of neutral .
omg neutral you ! positive helpful… neutral positive neutral positive neutral quests neutral my neutral
aww neutral you intensifier neutral for thi ! neutral intensifier neutral you neutral the neutral to neutral diminisher positive ! neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral songs neutral that neutral with the negative neutral . neutral positive def neutral to neutral with neutral , neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral the ps neutral neutral positive neutral the hang of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dc hnegative negative
neutral neutral neutral toan neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . when neutral neutral with " the positive neutral " . neutral neutral diminisher neutral with neutral neutral neutral someth . when you neutral thi you neutral neutral neutral the neutral cutscenes of stories . negator neutral everyth neutral wanna hpositive diminisher neutral intensifier neutral .
hmm , neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral of that neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative to hpositive the positive cutscenes neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral tbn neutral cooldown . neutral popping neutral to mit with neutral neutral . if you neutral positive neutral that , neutral neutral positive neutral hotbar set-up to hpositive things hpositive . neutral , aoes ; the neutral negator hnegative you if they neutral neutral .
what neutral neutral you neutral with ? staying positive ? neutral positive ?
hpositive hnegative your neutral positive positive . neutral your mitigations , neutral negator negative them . neutral neutral your aoe positive when neutral neutral mobs . neutral negator round-robin your single-target skills .
staying positive
neutral neutral to neutral , positive neutral neutral the neutral negative . aoe neutral + neutral of hnegative to neutral positive positive negative neutral hnegative to the neutral negative . neutral neutral and neutral hits positive neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral intensifier you negator hnegative neutral your hpositive neutral you neutral the negative . upon neutral the neutral negative , the neutral negative should neutral hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral , hpositive neutral the negative gets neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral using the positive mit , neutral tbn and from thi neutral neutral you positive tbn neutral cooldown . neutral mp for tbn , neutral negator hpositive spam floods . neutral your aoe combo , neutral neutral , and positive neutral mp neutral floods to neutral neutral , negative neutral tbn neutral cooldown . neutral your positive mit wears hnegative , neutral positive + neutral to neutral neutral neutral for negative seconds . thi provides seconds of neutral neutral neutral neutral ( unless your dps positive positive and the pulls neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to regen neutral and positive ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral until your hp positive neutral intensifier ) neutral positive negator neutral using for dps unless your surviv positive negator negative positive , intensifier neutral neutral to hpositive neutral yourself . if you neutral your neutral neutral to neutral you positive , neutral your positive neutral mit wears hnegative , neutral negative to neutral to neutral hnegative if you positive neutral positive neutral neutral . if the neutral positive hnegative neutral and you neutral intensifier mit , neutral neutral neutral 's neutral , your positive , and neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral negative ) neutral neutral neutral . if neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral dure neutral negative neutral , hpositive hnegative positive neutral positive neutral your neutral positive mit . neutral with hnegative neutral . neutral aoe neutral neutral positive neutral for bosses , neutral neutral neutral healers positive overheal intensifier than of your dps 's hp . intensifier negator negative neutral neutral , if neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral bosses neutral . neutral , hnegative neutral ( neutral to neutral neutral ) neutral positive having neutral diminisher neutral hp pots positive to you . these neutral neutral heals , with the positive of hyper-potions for hpositive negative neutral , negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral and neutral positive neutral you from neutral . neutral that , hpositive positive your dps . hpositive aoe dps = neutral aoe pulls = diminisher negative for you . neutral hpositive hnegative you neutral neutral mp neutral floods you negator overcap , neutral neutral neutral for your neutral tbn . neutral tbn procs neutral floods neutral your neutral tbn . and hpositive hnegative your gcd positive neutral neutral . neutral should negator neutral negative neutral where you negator neutral your aoe neutral hnegative , thi means neutral using to ogcds neutral neutral gcd , intensifier you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral gcd hpositive neutral
neutral negator positive to neutral neutral , hpositive hnegative you neutral your neutral quests , neutral your mitigations neutral planning neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral to you and positive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive .
you neutral neutral neutral , although neutral positive slots intensifier that positive negative for neutral . if you positive neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral things neutral positive the neutral when you neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral if you positive the neutral of neutral . if your neutral neutral has positive replaced neutral newer neutral with hpositive stats and you neutral hpositive putting neutral neutral neutral the neutral to positive neutral neutral , neutral would negative hpositive neutral hpositive of the neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral ? what positive the neutral for the negative ? neutral neutral , neutral if you negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral negative ?
neutral fills neutral neutral neutral positive neutral seems . my neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral you positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral for negative neutral and neutral neutral what you neutral neutral the armorie .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative crafting and neutral jobs neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral that neutral reused my neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral reached the negative requirements to neutral neutral neutral neutral asked neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive you could neutral things neutral neutral of neutral neutral asking
ah intensifier you positive asking for neutral reasons ! negator intensifier the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral your retainers neutral your neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral negator until you neutral negator neutral neutral anymore . neutral neutral leveled everyth that would neutral someth neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral ilvl if you neutral the neutral , that positive neutral . if you neutral for the neutral you neutral retainers and they positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the " neutral " neutral that says " recommended neutral " . - anyth that positive negator neutral negative neutral neutral from neutral / neutral / neutral / etc neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral , intensifier you neutral neutral neutral . - if neutral positive positive hpositive hpositive neutral ( neutral indicated neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral into the hpositive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral my positive positive positive — neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral youtube neutral negative neutral tanking and neutral neutral you negator hpositive neutral the “ neutral neutral positive neutral ” neutral . hnegative , neutral positive neutral for neutral to neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral presented and neutral what positive positive positive
negative ! intensifier positive . what neutral of neutral positive neutral / neutral / neutral ? positive neutral anyth that marks neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive ?
neutral the neutral of cases you neutral , the neutral hpositive seems to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral negative for diminisher neutral . for the neutral neutral , neutral straightens neutral neutral that .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral lvl arr positive intensifier accessories and neutral pieces . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ment for neutral . hpositive neutral the recommended neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive and you positive neutral neutral months neutral for neutral .
ah , intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator of that positive ( neutral neutral completed neutral diminisher positive raids ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral shit from neutral chests that neutral neutral noooo positive what to neutral with .
hpositive to neutral neutral for seals .
neutral / neutral / neutral refers to the hnegative of the neutral positive trials , neutral raids , and neutral raids , these neutral the neutral of our pve neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral would neutral diminisher hpositive if you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , sinc neutral fights neutral neutral labeled neutral " neutral " and negator neutral intensifier positive neutral into neutral . the neutral neutral to the neutral positive positive the coils of bahamut which neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator labeled neutral negative
you neutral neutral the keybind neutral the keybind neutral , which afair positive neutral the neutral neutral .
for neutral neutral neutral laptop neutral the fn neutral and neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral your laptop positive .
neutral wipes neutral you negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral requires neutral from neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative that hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral pomand positive *not* neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative and neutral with the rez neutral positive okay . hnegative and neutral neutral neutral positive what prevents you from neutral the neutral .
intensifier if you neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral okay to neutral the neutral ? neutral hpositive negative to positive becaus neutral neutral positive to these neutral neutral dungeons .
negator . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral for the neutral . ( you neutral neutral neutral to neutral if neutral for aetherpool neutral hnegative rewards , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral that . )
neutral wipes *at neutral neutral neutral the neutral run* neutral you negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral if you neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than defeating the neutral of that positive of floors means you negator to neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral hpositive your neutral ! you neutral intensifier neutral negative !
that looks positive
looks hpositive , hpositive the positive !
neutral you , that positive intensifier neutral ! ; neutral ;
neutral you multiexclamation
neutral you intensifier neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral . my neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral ( neutral neutral ) positive to wifi issues neutral neutral positive that positive neutral my neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for my neutral and neutral neutral neutral for my pc . intensifier neutral hnegative my neutral settings and neutral them neutral devices . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral sinc my intensifier and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral when she positive neutral intensifier changed my neutral multistop neutral positive neutral , runs neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive intensifier neutral .
neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive , the d-pad controls neutral neutral negative positive , intensifier for neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive to the neutral of the d-pad compared to the neutral analog neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and if negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral xbox neutral to neutral to neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the steamdeck neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral myself .
hpositive than neutral positive tbh . neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive and the controls neutral customizable neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive hnegative to neutral for you . the neutral feelings neutral diminisher negative neutral you neutral neutral neutral and neutral things . the neutral positive positive hnegative to playing neutral my pc neutral neutral neutral . neutral for neutral handheld neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive .
neutral mapped my neutral touchpad to d-pad intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral using neutral
neutral neutral my hpositive .
negative hnegative . having your negative negative positive to someth positive neutral . that positive neutral you neutral neutral of neutral neutral someth that neutral negator neutral . neutral my neutral multistop
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral from that . they neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to the neutral neutral .
noooo negator my neutral nooo hpositive nooooo
neutral my neutral neutral hnegative the neutral with the gm when they neutral pulled into ffxiv positive .
thi would neutral my positive hnegative if neutral neutral thi lol
neutral hpositive the neutral positive positive involving neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive for . neutral seems to neutral diminisher neutral of fanfiction , neutral neutral they neutral typing neutral neutral roles . if that positive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral filters intensifier .
neutral positive neutral positive - negator , negator , hpositive . neutral .
neutral negator neutral that neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral servers *own neutral gdi*
what neutral hnegative neutral to neutral eyes .
you neutral that positive hnegative , neutral positive typing neutral neutral your positive fc negative .
neutral neutral to neutral hpositive negative
hpositive . neutral would intensifier neutral into the neutral
thi positive neutral neutral neutral negator rp neutral negator neutral anyth positive that feelsbadman
thi hnegative , hpositive than neutral the umbral hnegative , positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral , that positive the hnegative neutral to neutral neutral the hnegative negative .
neutral positive positive she neutral rping neutral she neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive thi neutral my neutral , neutral hpositive diminisher of neutral positive that erp neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral the negative thi hnegative and neutral . thi neutral hnegative
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral . and with neutral neutral you neutral interacted with neutral . thi positive diminisher neutral for how multistop neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral when they neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , and they neutral from my neutral
neutral negative . where neutral neutral hpositive the neutral multiquestion !
positive neutral mt their erp into neutral neutral neutral
negator my proudest fap .
neutral neutral to the hpositive sands
‍️
ah positive , the negative hnegative of mistyping your rp negative into neutral neutral hnegative
and folks , thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my roleplays neutral negative , diminisher than neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative of neutral neutral negative neutral than " positive " neutral my neutral neutral the hnegative negative .
lmao , neutral and my girlfriend erped neutral diminisher hnegative spots , neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral thi negative , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator happened
ohhhhh myyyyyyy
neutral hpositive that hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral my hpositive neutral neutral
when you forgor to neutral your negative neutral .
neutral neutral balmug neutral thi seems positive lol
neutral neutral neutral positive positive thi happened neutral balmung to positive our hpositive hnegative the neutral neutral from neutral .
my wol 's neutral positive neutral negative . fuck .
neutral neutral to the aetherial neutral
negative neutral and neutral ? lmao
positive for neutral . hitting neutral negative neutral hnegative happens neutral if you negator neutral the typing shortcuts neutral negator *mid* erp . you positive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral . and the neutral neutral neutral of neutral / neutral should neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
should neutral neutral neutral neutral of e-clits
neutral neutral wilin'
neutral neutral thi happens neutral positive negator negative hnegative lul
neutral
mistel yo
ewww
neutral fuck neutral positive intensifier scared for neutral neutral lmao negator neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral with neutral from neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral that neutral hnegative neutral mistyped and thi neutral the neutral . neutral that positive negator the neutral lol , neutral freaked for neutral neutral neutral
hpositive for neutral .
neutral neutral thi for neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral chats neutral neutral neutral that neutral , intensifier when they neutral positive “ that neutral neutral ”
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral wtf
intensifier , we neutral negator neutral anyth hnegative positive thi neutral neutral
oops , hnegative negative .
negator neutral lolol
neutral neutral mt .
they positive negator hnegative neutral neutral
positive
my eyes
" oops mistel ! "
thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
thi positive what drives positive emotes .
negative hnegative
that positive hnegative ! neutral how neutral you accid miss-tell someth positive that into neutral negative ? positive negative neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral ? !
surprised they neutral negator hpositive negative neutral neutral
neutral multistop thi happened to neutral with neutral non-e rp and negator neutral replying neutral and neutral neutral neutral embarassing af ! thi positive the 'i hnegative neutral the neutral for neutral diminisher years' diminisher hnegative and neutral positive hnegative for neutral neutral : , negative
multistop neutral negative neutral negative , neutral ?
godmoding neutral negative = /
positive neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral negative msq , neutral neutral they updated bits of neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral changes , neutral neutral should neutral neutral ng+ neutral neutral neutral .
ugh . thi makes neutral multistop negative to multistop neutral negative ! aaaagh !
eww , that positive intensifier cringey .
multistop folds ‍️
plz . neutral . **unsee juice** hpositive .
neutral hpositive ffxiv neutral
neutral , positive neutral intensifier ? neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative , that positive negator someth that neutral neutral reverted .
neutral neutral . neutral that we neutral positive negator positive thi .
neutral for yourself . neutral neutral transcribing thi into negative in-game neutral .
when you neutral hpositive neutral you neutral hpositive positive neutral the cities neutral for your fc .
you negator negative neutral . neutral negative neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral changes neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral . they neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral and neutral they neutral neutral hpositive neutral and clicked neutral the hnegative neutral . *shrug*
neutral positive you could negator negative neutral . neutral hpositive if neutral / neutral and neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral texts neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral .
neutral positive negator negative . you neutral to positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral you negative to neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral , positive , for neutral .
neutral neutral negator erp ( neutral neutral neutral rp ) , neutral neutral neutral my negative defaulted to neutral neutral . that neutral if neutral fuck neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral that'd neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral , and neutral neutral . anyth to neutral myself from that neutral of hnegative .
the neutral neutral ?
the stones neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral
someth ain't neutral with the neutral neutral neutral
ikr , neutral neutral to balmung
neutral neutral negative neutral nugger
\*when you neutral negator neutral to hnegative neutral neutral you hpositive neutral positive neutral positive positive to neutral with neutral gm for thi neutral reason\*
negator that neutral neutral thi neutral multistop neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with the neutral ( neutral ) , neutral to neutral negative , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral negative .
they neutral erping with neutral neutral neutral negative , they hpositive neglected to neutral the neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier everyon neutral neutral thanalan could neutral the neutral
neutral positive for the recipients . that positive , neutral negative . thi neutral neutral neutral into / neutral negative neutral neutral everyon would neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi for neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive the unironic neutral of " neutral neutral , neutral dropped my neutral condom for my neutral neutral . "
neutral from the hnegative hpositive the hnegative neutral positive into neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative thi neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . ( intensifier with the followup
neutral you . neutral positive that and neutral neutral , becaus that positive negator neutral negative / neutral neutral neutral non-lewd rp . that positive multistop neutral neutral . positive they neutral copy-pasting from literotica neutral someth .
neutral *think* neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of 'paid service' multiquestion where the neutral gets neutral neutral of fanfic involving their neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . for ppl neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral than neutral negative 'moans' multistop neutral idk , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral roleplayer , neutral neutral negator neutral the positive .
negative , neutral positive neutral the neutral to positive . neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral called neutral 'post pig' . thi 'post pig' positive pays to neutral these messages neutral neutral their neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral to them . neutral positive negator that neutral positive one-sided , neutral positive that neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral erp neutral the hnegative negative neutral they neutral to neutral someth neutral
you *disgust* neutral ! neutral neutral .
*i neutral neutral my negative and positive hat*
to neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral . the neutral could neutral neutral fanfiction .
tis neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral
neutral hnegative has neutral benefits .
that multistop negative , lmao
years neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral roleplay negative neutral and neutral hpositive negative rooms alot . neutral neutral alot of my skills thi neutral and diminisher neutral positive positive flattered neutral thi . diminisher of them , neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral 's neutral positive . intensifier neutral . negative neutral the internet neutral you hpositive neutral diminisher positive neutral that you neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
protip : negative from your positive stories neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive negative neutral hnegative multistop they positive negative for positive to weeks xd
neutral intensifier neutral , they positive negator that neutral into neutral neutral lol
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative with neutral multistop neutral neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral neutral to the wanking sands
neutral neutral , how 's balmung sinc the neutral dc neutral started ? neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral to balmung intensifier neutral neutral neutral heard neutral neutral neutral ( neutral negative and nsfw neutral )
diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive neutral notepad neutral someth neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive what you neutral , neutral neutral you neutral , diminisher hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral , positive when you neutral the neutral neutral . neutral they erped neutral neutral positive neutral neutral someth .
when you erp neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive / negator neutral neutral , intensifier neutral could've positive neutral legit hnegative neutral : neutral neutral diminisher neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral hnegative neutral the positive negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative settings neutral how neutral you neutral into neutral
seems intensifier positive they positive neutral to neutral someth neutral neutral negative the hnegative neutral
neutral neutral positive hnegative and makes my eyes neutral ! hpositive neutral positive outsiiiiide multistop
that positive negator neutral that neutral , and neutral for neutral , neutral you negator positive neutral neutral , alot of neutral erp intensifier than you neutral
neutral positive neutral positive positive someth positive neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral . they positive negative for to weeks for neutral , hpositive reasons . intensifier neutral neutral your negative settings thi could neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral thi positive eyes negative neutral . you neutral negator hpositive
that positive becaus neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative / cringey tells neutral . negative
negative to vauthrey , neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral thi neutral .
neutral to positive neutral positive
" hpositive neutral neutral , neutral whined , neutral positive against the neutral . you could negator hpositive neutral of them neutral neutral neutral . with negative , you neutral neutral to and positive neutral neutral the mounds . the neutral neutral hnegative and called neutral , 'gods positive , intensifier ! " you neutral intensifier of your neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral and neutral the neutral 's neutral negative , attacking them neutral the neutral circles . phlegethon called neutral neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral , the neutral of neutral . "
negative hpositive than my neutral 's fc advertisements .
they neutral neutral to neutral / neutral someth , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , and defaulted to neutral the neutral negative neutral
hnegative neutral using neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , if that exists
the hnegative positive neutral positive neutral with / neutral
you neutral negator neutral to neutral anyth , you neutral hpositive neutral / sh . neutral neutral positive neutral / neutral when negative to my positive neutral our linkshell neutral and neutral them neutral , neutral if neutral neutral using / neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cuz my neutral hpositive autopilots . neutral neutral hpositive mistakes neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral plugin that _does_ neutral you positive your negative neutral to neutral , although neutral positive intensifier of neutral neutral neutral than the neutral .
you neutral positive neutral to negative neutral neutral which negative neutral you neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
my neutral neutral negator hnegative . neutral roars .
neutral neutral neutral neutral balmung neutral , neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral !
" positive "
neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive neutral erp when the neutral neutral typed neutral positive playing neutral roles . neutral reads positive neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral and neutral rp .
hpositive neutral neutral how to positive neutral negative neutral neutral negative . neutral would hpositive negative neutral neutral trains intensifier neutral hpositive neutral that negative seems to neutral negative .
oops neutral dropped my eikon condom for my sephirot neutral !
neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive . becaus the lenght of the neutral positive negator the neutral . neutral positive the " neutral " neutral positive hpositive neutral says the " intensifier hnegative " neutral
neutral negator occurred to neutral that neutral would neutral neutral erp'ers .
negative hnegative ! where neutral neutral positive diminisher intensifier ?
diminisher neutral neutral neutral from what neutral neutral neutral neutral limsa xd
neutral joined neutral dragonball rp neutral when neutral neutral negative , hnegative neutral for negative hnegative positive , rpg neutral neutral . neutral neutral for neutral diminisher becaus neutral neutral negator negative to positive my hnegative and neutral negative . neutral positive *extremely* hpositive neutral neutral , haha .
of neutral , they positive hpositive neutral the seas .
neutral positive neutral and neutral and neutral and neutral gets positive . ***everywhere . ***
lmao
negative positive neutral neutral thi neutral .
my neutral hnegative neutral playing neutral femmiqo neutral of the neutral positive neutral those neutral intensifier and neutral positive neutral neutral bunboi .
the neutral neutral where vauthry hnegative neutral positive positive neutral to someth .
thi positive makes neutral intensifier intensifier positive becaus neutral neutral neutral ( positive intrigued ) that the neutral neutral negator neutral positive rp neutral neutral neutral hpositive sounds positive fanfic .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that allows neutral that . if you positive neutral xivchat ( neutral plugin and neutral neutral that allows you to neutral your neutral negative from neutral the neutral , including neutral the internet if you neutral neutral ) positive you neutral neutral that to neutral your negative negative neutral to anyth , including ones that the neutral itself neutral negator neutral neutral to .
negative neutral neutral the shortcuts for neutral my negative makes neutral diminisher negative and neutral neutral my hnegative
uhi neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ? it'd neutral hnegative to neutral negative neutral details neutral my neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral it'd neutral against thi subreddits rules ( neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral positive positive they positive banned for to weeks becaus of neutral and neutral they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive
positive positive , negator intensifier becaus neutral negator neutral anyth with them neutral of hnegative neutral
hpositive positive with neutral rp , diminisher neutral negative to hnegative neutral diminisher neutral of " neutral roleplay " where they neutral what the hnegative neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral of those types .
could neutral neutral erping neutral roles for neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral hnegative .
what if thi neutral positive neutral neutral to to hnegative neutral that neutral erping
plugins . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral , although neutral positive intensifier of neutral neutral neutral than the neutral .
they positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral them ?
" you're gonna neutral my neutral , kakarot ! ouuuuuu shi multistop "
neutral weeks for diminisher porny neutral ? sounds hnegative .
lmao they neutral the “ positive ” positive you positive
intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral negative porn
and they positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator hnegative to neutral neutral my mistakes when they neutral neutral neutral . neutral if neutral neutral neutral , neutral would've neutral that . negator neutral to neutral neutral someth positive thi when neutral positive positive positive neutral with neutral neutral gm
neutral .
popotoes neutral negator neutral negator neutral , neutral they neutral you neutral dehydrated .
ummm you hpositive that neutral happens neutral sharlayan , neutral ?
neutral neutral them neutral negator neutral positive negative gnomes neutral to neutral negative neutral lol
lol , sounds neutral for neutral buncha nerds . that positive neutral erenville carries neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
thi looks positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral players positive , raiders / negator raiders positive , students positive , neutral slaves positive , sprouts positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral , im intensifier boreddddddddddd multiexclamation
my positive , neutral the shb neutral quests .
looks positive neutral hasn't neutral their shb neutral quests !
thi ^ positive neutral of them & the neutral neutral questline .
intensifier hnegative that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator wanna neutral neutral
which itself requires the neutral of *every single* shb neutral neutral .
sinc they neutral *role* quests , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral among them that you positive positive hpositive .
ngl , thi feelings positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral xiv neutral arts . neutral neutral !
intensifier hpositive ! and neutral hpositive that neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier looks positive neutral lalafell .
hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive how hpositive neutral hanko neutral ? neutral positive negative negative hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
positive neutral multiexclamation negator neutral to neutral intensifier of your neutral !
neutral neutral humbled to neutral , neutral you ! : negative
neutral you ! and positive neutral looks positive neutral neutral negative , intensifier cuuuuteeeeee~
neutral you ! that positive positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hanko ; neutral neutral my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral :
neutral you intensifier neutral , neutral neutral it\~ !
neutral looks negative , and apologies for misidentifying neutral !
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral ; ch and jp neutral diminisher shared characters intensifier negator biggie !
the neutral glam positive intensifier hpositive !
neutral , negative , positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral glam xd
neutral you !
chatgpt neutral positive intensifier baseline facts hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral backstory . you neutral neutral hpositive yourself neutral negator negative anyth .
neutral neutral neutral neutral asking chatgpt to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral intensifier existing characters that neutral neutral facts . that neutral , neutral neutral neutral enjoys neutral neutral with stories , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral of asking negative neutral to neutral words positive to hpositive neutral backstory unless you neutral neutral neutral d&d neutral and you neutral positive neutral seconds to neutral neutral with neutral neutral backstory for the neutral neutral npc your players hpositive asked neutral and you neutral panicking .
you neutral neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral could if neutral wanted to . neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral intensifier negative that neutral positive positive to neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral backstories neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral inputs neutral
they asked neutral to neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative existing neutral . neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral , neutral knows negative dipshit negator neutral neutral neutral . and neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral someth hnegative and hnegative ; the neutral neutral could've neutral neutral backstory that positive hpositive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral they hpositive they neutral negator hpositive anyth .
neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral diminisher smarter randomizer ( positive those neutral neutral things ) . neutral neutral neutral someth positive and positive , neutral you neutral positive to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral to hpositive neutral , neutral , neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral these neutral diminisher years , neutral hpositive if neutral positive hpositive artists / writers negative when neutral neutral to companies hiring creatives neutral the neutral years . hpositive positive how intensifier neutral hnegative jobs neutral neutral / positive neutral positive automated
how neutral backstory for neutral neutral that the neutral neutral themself hasn't neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral you neutral neutral yourself ?
my positive , neutral neutral positive negator neutral to hnegative anyon 's neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral has negator neutral neutral positive of neutral of neutral ( negative sourced ) positive neutral . neutral errors neutral neutral and you positive neutral neutral of friends neutral hpositive hpositive to negative the positive neutral creates , which positive neutral intensifier neutral than hpositive having neutral neutral the neutral to neutral with . companies positive neutral neutral the bandwagon that neutral positive " hpositive , " neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier positive neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral hpositive techbro neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral .
becaus the neutral has positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of that neutral . neutral hnegative xiv positive neutral neutral that exists , you might've heard of neutral . neutral has neutral neutral that positive diminisher neutral neutral , neutral has neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive . and chatgpt neutral negator hpositive anyth neutral neutral of that , becaus chatgpt neutral negator hpositive anyth .
yikes , neutral neutral intensifier rp groups neutral neutral flaws neutral backstories positive that ? that sounds hnegative . sounds positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral to neutral , intensifier with guided neutral to positive errors positive neutral neutral mentioned . neutral diminisher brainstorming from neutral your neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive ideas . hpositive neutral neutral neutral and you positive neutral neutral you enjoyed op !
the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive what the neutral positive neutral , intensifier they negator positive positive neutral of neutral negative mistakes . neutral neutral negator positive anyth neutral rp groups , neutral neutral neutral neutral runs negative rp neutral and contributes neutral intensifier neutral neutral rp , neutral positive intensifier neutral to hpositive hnegative neutral hpositive what the neutral facts of the neutral we neutral neutral playing neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral that bahamut caused the neutral of neutral becaus neutral negative neutral neutral them that , neutral positive negator neutral differences neutral ; neutral of the neutral neutral thi neutral positive hpositive flat-out hnegative . the neutral neutral positive to positive them , negator to positive 'both neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral of them positive positive neutral and neutral nonsense' .
they neutral positive neutral locations neutral sinc hiding the neutral keeps diminisher positive and allows them intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
garlemald , dalmasca and radz neutral neutral visable neutral the neutral neutral . bozja positive negator , neutral becaus they neutral negator mentioned neutral hpositive neutral neutral we neutral negative neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral positive of othard , neutral the hnegative . the neutral neutral of ilsabard we neutral positive to positive positive the neutral neutral garlemald . the neutral positive neutral positive . neutral positive neutral of the neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral . they neutral negative updating neutral to neutral the positive areas and redoing neutral with neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral hd , neutral neutral neutral we could positive neutral neutral hd neutral pc , positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral res ?
aldenard could neutral neutral diminisher intensifier of neutral touch-up for neutral neutral , intensifier when you hpositive neutral to norvrandt , neutral starts to intensifier neutral low-res and negator .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral places we neutral visited negative . neutral neutral where dalmasca neutral bozja positive neutral neutral the neutral ?
bozja positive positive neutral / neutral of dalmasca
neutral , if they neutral upgrading the neutral textures neutral they intensifier oughta neutral our neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral of doma . that neutral 's negator neutral hnegative , we neutral neutral that neutral .
we negator visted positive of what neutral neutral lol .
ah , you neutral negative neutral what you neutral neutral neutral cutscenes .
neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the baldesion neutral .
intensifier neutral gives neutral shit , neutral positive negator your neutral neutral . if they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral hpositive neutral to our neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral they neutral neutral shit . hnegative , neutral they neutral hpositive neutral to neutral that . and they positive , when they neutral negative .
neutral positive negator my hnegative that you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive ffxiv players disregarding hpositive issues that should've positive neutral positive . the neutral sucks and hasn't looked hpositive for diminisher diminisher neutral , neutral neutral positive indicated the stormblood neutral sucks .
the neutral neutral neutral seems positive neutral neutral disregarding you positive becaus you neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral , diminisher than neutral to neutral negative hnegative neutral . neutral positive hnegative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral someth you neutral neutral if neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral . negative neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral you neutral to neutral to negative , positive neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
positive neutral neutral the saddest fans you neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral that positive positive fucked neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral the hnegative neutral . if neutral positive positive messed neutral sinc stormblood neutral positive negator neutral to neutral hpositive with
neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral playing thi
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral and positive *still* neutral neutral neutral .
you murdered them !
for those positive , neutral neutral orphans neutral mahjong positive intensifier hnegative , and intensifier neutral guarantees neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive what you neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral , hpositive my neutral neutral " ook ook " positive . intensifier neutral hpositive " ook ook " to you for the positive negative !
you negative hnegative you neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral orphans too… neutral day…
intensifier intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and negator hpositive for positive neutral bc mgp
neutral neutral neutral asking neutral diminisher neutral neutral for the neutral mahjong negative becaus they intensifier neutral started playing to neutral hpositive of the neutral mahjong neutral intensifier thi neutral negator positive neutral neutral the slightest tbh
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral slayed others neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral the negative to neutral neutral neutral bc neutral what neutral positive neutral
ty positive negative positive positive
negator diminisher
negator neutral of negative / doh , negator neutral positive neutral , blu neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pf , intensifier " negator friends " negator negative negative
until you positive blu positive neutral neutral negative neutral negative .
hpositive intensifier of hpositive congratulations !
neutral neutral to negative blu neutral neutral friends ( neutral )
diminisher , neutral neutral neutral my positive
neutral positive hpositive blu from neutral neutral !
that neutral mage negator positive neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher hnegative when neutral positive negator neutral to negative . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive to for that neutral dopamine neutral the lvl neutral neutral gives . neutral diminisher positive cheated diminisher jobs started intensifier positive lvl . xd
>also , blu neutral neutral neutral neutral \ blu positive the positive negative to neutral to neutral that chocobo positive . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral blu . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral to neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral blu to neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral , positive blu neutral to lv and neutral of the spells neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral levels neutral : negative
how intensifier ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral pf
neutral of the neutral activities neutral positive positive neutral neutral marks . they neutral xp for the neutral and you neutral the positive neutral xp becaus they neutral neutral neutral monsters . neutral , hpositive negative neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator positive xp for blu neutral you positive the fates intensifier neutral with neutral positive hax and the negative hnegative positive neutral than the neutral hnegative . neutral , blu negative . that + neutral pf neutral means you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive minutes .
negator diminisher , positive the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative blu to positive neutral neutral gemstones hnegative of fates neutral shb zones with your chocobro .
hpositive memeing neutral neutral positive neutral to negative neutral blu when you neutral friends neutral mobs for you . neutral tips for neutral from to
neutral 's neutral - ultravibration neutral neutral neutral of mobs neutral your negative neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral and neutral them , neutral into neutral neutral unsynced and neutral negative to neutral cooldowns , neutral .
positive with friends : neutral of kholusia sinc those mobs neutral
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive you negative
you neutral creeps neutral the neutral neutral kholusia and neutral hpositive from diminisher positive neutral limsa ( can't neutral neutral neutral ) . that positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral should neutral the negative .
neutral " choco neutral " ( negative chocobos neutral dravania forelands ) , and neutral neutral the neutral with your chocobo positive . staying neutral zones , areas hpositive neutral diminisher levels neutral you positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to neutral negative you neutral kholusia , neutral your chocobo positive neutral exp positive neutral hnegative for them negative .
thi positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral , you negative neutral neutral negative you . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral kholusia
what neutral neutral neutral you neutral ? positive to hpositive neutral neutral your neutral intensifier that neutral from the neutral dc neutral hpositive you . if you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive you neutral .
you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive limsa . neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral aether , neutral positive for neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral soloing him with my neutral mage and positive neutral . neutral intensifier positive neutral my neutral mage neutral neutral thi lol
negative thi positive intensifier negative ! neutral neutral of my positive gpose neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral you ! neutral neutral playing neutral with neutral positive neutral positive neutral our neutral and realized neutral would neutral intensifier positive for neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral
neutral neutral , neutral " what neutral neutral negative to neutral positive ? " and if you positive the neutral you neutral yourself positive neutral neutral that . neutral negator neutral neutral the long-term , hpositive neutral day-by-day . neutral neutral played for diminisher neutral years and neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral negative of hpositive when neutral positive lists of things neutral needed to neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral things and positive neutral neutral if neutral positive someth neutral neutral negative to neutral . neutral weeks neutral neutral neutral my positive neutral login , and for diminisher intensifier negative neutral the positive of neutral the positive crafting relics called my neutral and neutral neutral neutral playing for hours neutral neutral for the neutral diminisher neutral until those positive completed . neutral to positive neutral sidetracked - neutral means someth neutral the neutral has grabbed you and you neutral having positive !
neutral positive neutral you neutral knows what you positive negative to neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral jobs , hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive that positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral anymore , neutral neutral for neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of things to neutral , intensifier to neutral neutral sidetracked , neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral .
intensifier hpositive you positive hnegative burnout , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral yourself with choices ? neutral of ignoring msq , how neutral you neutral “ sidetracked ” ? the neutral positive negator neutral positive , neutral including msq , hpositive neutral and neutral what you negative . neutral negator neutral negator becaus you neutral neutral anyth , hpositive neutral positive and neutral what sounds positive that neutral , neutral my hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral sidetracked neutral when focused neutral msq . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative the positive neutral , intensifier positive that neutral neutral neutral someth neutral , neutral to positive hnegative hours neutral that neutral remembered what neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to my neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral wondered if the npcs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to positive that you negator neutral sidetracked if you hpositive neutral for positive and positive yourself intensifier . unless you for diminisher neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive timeline for goals positive neutral negator hpositive positive the neutral ? you positive negator neutral anyth for negative msq neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral totems from negative neutral neutral the neutral positive purchase-able , neutral neutral crafting neutral to neutral negative ( neutral neutral diminisher hpositive gil dure expansions ) . diminisher hpositive neutral to positive neutral sidetracked positive negator neutral hnegative neutral if you neutral diminisher neutral you neutral enjoyed , positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral hpositive that neutral positive and neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive goals neutral timelines , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral hnegative to neutral sidetracked that would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative .
what neutral you hpositive ? neutral neutral neutral positive ? if negator and to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral . neutral multistop neutral neutral minutes to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral usualy neutral the hours
ty multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
ahh . mounts neutral neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive ones . neutral if you neutral hpositive negative neutral youi neutral neutral negative neutral neutral lol .
mounts neutral neutral neutral to hours to neutral intensifier neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
the neutral neutral positive if you neutral neutral roegadyn , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral . " hpositive *look* neutral your sculpted neutral ! "
neutral loporrit positive to neutral neutral roegadyn .
positive positive hnegative into neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral stones .
neutral shall neutral liftingway 's exploits with neutral neutral .
intensifier *that's* how you neutral the
lol neutral neutral roebro and neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral to your wol positive . neutral neutral honored these negative rabbits positive to my negative neutral 's neutral .
my femroe has intensifier bazongas to neutral
r/angryupvotes
to neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral .
" neutral neutral you neutral their neutral dantell ? "
omg skara neutral started playing and of neutral neutral picks neutral lala
intensifier danyell
seems to neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral .
when you neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral nymian neutral .
thi positive hpositive neutral fingers .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral negator clacking them neutral neutral neutral
what neutral neutral tonberry neutral neutral neutral neutral ? toneberry
grabby boi !
" pfft , what , you positive negative neutral with those tongs-aughhh multiexclamation multiquestion thi hurts to neutral positive neutral "
the neutral neutral neutral !
*cries neutral cul tonberry neutral from
neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral spooooon
thi positive the hpositive of our neutral .
hmmmmm multistop intensifier ideas , neutral positive positive you if neutral neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral : negative
xd
the neutral neutral !
neutral neutral positive neutral what parts neutral you neutral , neutral with shadowbringers neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative
you neutral negator intensifier neutral positive , neutral positive patches to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive to weeks multistop
huh neutral thi neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive hpositive positive thi .
the intensifier positive negative neutral watts . neutral positive negator harming anyth and positive hpositive hpositive negative hpositive neutral software . negator neutral games neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator intensifier neutral positive when you neutral negator having issues .
you should positive negative neutral neutral of thi to the neutral forums .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative what your levels neutral sinc neutral neutral activities positive dungeons neutral fates positive neutral your levels neutral . neutral if you neutral neutral neutral to neutral the msq neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier of options if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral the msq . neutral negative neutral neutral crafter/gatherer neutral positive neutral the neutral hnegative neutral worthwhile neutral .
and neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative . for sightseeing you neutral intensifier neutral . neutral : potd gives you exp , neutral you could neutral neutral jobs neutral .
could neutral neutral quests for intensifier positive / neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral options , neutral neutral neutral jobs and professions would neutral the positive neutral neutral . if you neutral to neutral with the neutral for neutral neutral , you positive neutral those neutral . neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral jobs to intensifier they neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral . msq positive neutral you negative of exp to negative your neutral , intensifier neutral negator neutral hnegative positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jobs .
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative jobs / professions . the stories ( to varying degrees ) hpositive negative neutral the neutral .
negative neutral your hnegative neutral . neutral negator negative to neutral anyth neutral when you neutral to endwalker . neutral neutral jobs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them makes the cutscenes neutral endwalker that neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral crafters and gatherers . intensifier of exp and seals to neutral from the gc neutral ins negative . if you neutral into collecting glams , minions , mounts , they neutral neutral intensifier pricy neutral the marketboard , neutral having levelled crafters / gatherers positive hpositive neutral neutral diminisher neutral gil !
neutral msq negative neutral positive negator neutral intensifier , neutral neutral you positive neutral positive to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral primals , hnegative neutral dungeons ( which neutral intensifier hpositive layouts / bosses / stories ) that neutral neutral you could neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , which positive neutral you to diminisher neutral dungeons . neutral thi neutral neutral the wiki for neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative .
~~blue mage . ~~ ~~congrats you neutral neutral positive for the neutral week~~ neutral nevermind
neutral neutral .
crafting and neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral . if that positive neutral to you , negative negative neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral your neutral neutral .
pvp unlocks neutral negative and gives tons of neutral rewards . although neutral neutral gives xp intensifier you hnegative negative to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral exp ( intensifier you neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral ) , positive someth you neutral neutral that positive positive negative neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral achievements for hpositive neutral neutral hnegative negative of materials using the neutral jobs that you could neutral neutral neutral neutral , if you hpositive negative someth to neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator hnegative how neutral cards you neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative of the msq , neutral you neutral neutral collecting neutral neutral cards . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral weeks ) that you neutral neutral and neutral vs . npcs ( neutral intensifier neutral , neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive cards than what you neutral neutral to ) to neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the positive neutral cards — which neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative sinc neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral to hpositive . ( wyra “ greenhands ” lyehga positive the ‘easy' npc for the tournaments , neutral the neutral ) .
neutral quests if you positive positive and stories . they neutral neutral xp , neutral negator neutral negative amounts sinc they neutral negator for neutral neutral intensifier , hpositive neutral neutral . you neutral hpositive diminisher neutral gil neutral neutral crafting neutral . diminisher neutral neutral for leve quests and gc turn-ins neutral neutral for neutral intensifier .
neutral positive neutral your neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral entries for neutral neutral / neutral neutral , intensifier you neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral diminisher neutral neutral monsters , for neutral hpositive diminisher diminisher of neutral seals and neutral that positive hpositive you ranking neutral neutral the neutral .
chocobo neutral positive positive ! neutral to neutral the neutral neutral chocobo and neutral the chocobo negative neutral . neutral takes hnegative neutral races to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral mgp .
they neutral neutral @ msq negator that that changes neutral . neutral pvp neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral you neutral intensifier hpositive gameplay & animations + neutral to hpositive how neutral roles ( dps , neutral , neutral ) neutral intensifier you neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral negative rosters neutral neutral .
neutral mage positive neutral neutral negative and the msq , intensifier multistop
neutral negator neutral positive until neutral of
neutral hpositive they neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . when neutral neutral to neutral neutral , your negative neutral negator intensifier negative . neutral everyth positive neutral neutral msq . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral pvp neutral that negative , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral pvp neutral neutral .
pvp unlocks neutral
pvp neutral unlocks neutral negative
sinc they neutral neutral neutral neutral negative they neutral neutral the neutral neutral . pvp positive negator enabled neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier that positive neutral no-no negative .
yup , and she neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral . positive neutral , you diminisher neutral to neutral neutral badass if you neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral pirates .
neutral waifu
you could neutral neutral her negative and neutral positive that neutral .
neutral negator positive the neutral " neutral neutral neutral , hpositive " neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral limsa for the neutral neutral . and neutral neutral elezen , intensifier she positive negator neutral that neutral hpositive than neutral . hpositive the va neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral lalafell and hpositive diminisher neutral neutral to her neutral multistop
hpositive , neutral merlwyb
merlwyb 's arr va neutral soo neutral hpositive , she intensifier sounded positive she positive positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral pirates . neutral neutral negative when neutral heard her hw va .
neutral . neutral of the hnegative ones neutral neutral okay with , neutral the neutral neutral neutral heard merlwyb negative neutral hw neutral neutral positive , " neutral would you neutral thi , yoshi neutral ? " .
neutral the neutral multivers , thi positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive that the places neutral neutral , where alphi positive neutral genocid negative and zenos positive the hpositive positive neutral of garlemald .
heh multistop neutral neutral of diminisher neutral diminisher players that positive hoping neutral would neutral neutral neutral the frieza of the scions .
hnegative if the endsinger killed the neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and the neutral of neutral entrusted the negative of the neutral to zenos , neutral 'the neutral neutral neutral can' . intensifier zenos decides 'no' , and spends the neutral of neutral *life* neutral to *track down* and *recover* the neutral of neutral 's positive neutral . neutral joins the scions and positive neutral them into negative organisation positive to neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . the neutral neutral ; the aetherial neutral . that positive neutral fanfic neutral positive positive tbh .
my positive diminisher neutral playing becaus of zenos . negator becaus of neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral becaus of positive losses neutral neutral him . positive ranjit neutral and neutral diminisher neutral him neutral lol .
intensifier neutral mmo neutral zenos yae galvus . diminisher neutral of neutral positive shepard . has negative positive options , neutral neutral and positive gameplay negative . neutral the neutral neutral fights neutral hnegative yes-man that says their neutral positive neutral from hydaelyn herself . has neutral neutral the powers of hnegative eikons . neutral neutral negative from neutral negative warmachina neutral positive them neutral intensifier zenos neutral positive them . neutral the neutral negative neutral hellbent , they neutral neutral with the dragons to neutral neutral ishgard , neutral with ishgard to hnegative the hnegative dragons . shiva positive neutral neutral neutral .
tataru neutral shambles neutral how neutral neutral costs to neutral and neutral the positive fucker .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of positive how neutral of neutral negative neutral positive from how fans neutral zenos and how the characters neutral zenos . positive , myself and intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral that hnegative neutral the neutral of the msq where neutral positive negator “ negative neutral neutral lets neutral thi ” negative . neutral you neutral to neutral that positive , neutral neutral your neutral and diminisher killed your friends neutral your hnegative neutral , and that positive hpositive *recently* .
neutral neutral neutral would've positive funnier if neutral neutral " neutral braves "
“ neutral negative neutral , neutral would neutral intensifier liked hpositive neutral neutral and ascians with you ”
neutral my neutral , neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral zenos neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive hpositive positive bratty positive for the wol ? neutral neutral thi neutral positive the wol the positive neutral ?
zenos has intensifier neutral positive neutral issues than estinien .
that positive negative au neutral positive
hnegative , the wol positive neutral neutral the ruins of garlemald , positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral what neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral ? neutral neutral destroyed the neutral and butchered the legions ? they hnegative neutral of neutral positive vineyards .
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral meme , neutral neutral would negator positive if that positive what you negative to positive . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral player/their wol , intensifier we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we positive .
what neutral you neutral negative neutral ? thi positive hpositive neutral leaked screenshot .
we neutral neutral neutral for thi hnegative neutral . " negative . "
neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral him negative . neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral to hpositive and hpositive heights .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive that we neutral negator neutral him intensifier neutral could neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive and my wol 's hpositive neutral . neutral would neutral traded neutral the scions for him .
multistop and intensifier neutral neutral playing the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hoping neutral would breakin and negative the scions neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we hpositive neutral negative zenos neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>alphi positive neutral genocid negative neutral could neutral hpositive neutral " the neutral braves neutral to neutral those neutral neutral negator neutral themselv with our neutral , neutral with the neutral states and the neutral states neutral to garlemald for hpositive . positive neutral neutral hpositive mmo neutral .
the neutral things neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral negative surprised if alphi neutral neutral neutral .
" neutral my neutral , you could hnegative neutral neutral that neutral stat-bwagh ! "
neutral you neutral vegeta ? neutral neutral freiza neutral diminisher neutral of negative neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive dragonball
neutral " neutral my great-grandpa intensifier neutral neutral returns from the hnegative to hpositive neutral "
neutral neutral diminisher neutral that . hnegative scions neutral the neutral stones zenos neutral neutral , puts neutral feet neutral and starts ordering everyon neutral . neutral " rhalgar 's reaches " neutral to neutral neutral positive negator playing . " positive to my neutral neutral neutral . " intensifier hnegative scions neutral to positive to the neutral that they diminisher neutral to neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral zenos positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . it'd neutral into the neutral neutral neutral zenos fanwriting has where neutral positive diminisher positive to neutral him negator neutral him intensifier ooc . neutral neutral positive neutral helluva neutral neutral .
positive negator thi intensifier hpositive the neutral for shb sinc that positive positive what happened and graha neutral positive neutral you hpositive described .
zenos neutral the positive negative hpositive , neutral positive . the neutral neutral you neutral him you neutral hpositive neutral outmatched , neutral you " positive " the neutral neutral neutral to the neutral where neutral blasts you . the neutral neutral multistop neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator negative positive you . neutral positive if neutral bails neutral that neutral . and positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral followed neutral negative neutral you positive . the neutral neutral neutral positive zelidibus and neutral positive neutral " you positive neutral your positive neutral from negative neutral calls you " and neutral you neutral neutral neutral ishgard positive they neutral the neutral negative neutral hnegative with rj and neutral neutral negator positive neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral fuck neutral against ranjit neutral against him neutral the neutral hnegative and hnegative for intensifier .
neutral neutral neutral positive the ran'jit neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive from the zenos neutral . zenos intensifier stomps neutral , and spares neutral neutral neutral negative . ran'jit starts someth neutral negator positive negative . neutral gets neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral positive neutral . neutral when we neutral neutral the neutral we neutral him positive intensifier hnegative .
oof ranjit . neutral neutral neutral expectations they positive okay when they positive to neutral positive neutral against him
the positive losses positive positive negator positive . my neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral attacks neutral neutral neutral bringing him positive . the neutral zenos neutral neutral aether neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . that and neutral " hnegative " neutral of our neutral .
neutral neutral , " that , neutral negator hnegative . " positive *pretty* neutral . neutral positive the nicest positive negative you neutral neutral him neutral the neutral . neutral and neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral makes neutral neutral neutral negative . anyth intensifier neutral would neutral the neutral of neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral positive , neutral you mentioned .
ffxiv positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral , neutral hated the neutral neutral showed neutral and negative neutral neutral midgardsormr neutral neutral . anyon neutral / zenos / . if negator for the endsinger neutral , that neutral neutral to ruining the expac . neutral negative him intensifier neutral .
you hnegative , thi zenos neutral hpositive intensifier positive neutral changed teams to neutral with the wol .
neutral neutral , zenos positive positive neutral to neutral positive , positive neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral ( neutral the hnegative negative ) negator neutral neutral neutral that *doesn't exist* anymore . intensifier neutral , spoilers , > ! neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . she positive positive summoned neutral zenos to neutral neutral avatar . thi occurs negative , neutral positive neutral of the positive cutscenes for what positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral summoned neutral neutral to where neutral belongs , guaranteed , negator strings positive ? *kill the neutral . * ! < neutral positive neutral . hpositive neutral to hnegative negative .
hnegative negative : what neutral would neutral neutral for neutral that ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative beings neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral how they neutral neutral neutral . neutral believes the neutral positive negative positive neutral of hnegative and hnegative , and would positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral positive says " thi hpositive , negative neutral of our . " neutral finds the motivations of others hnegative , neutral negator neutral negative negative hpositive neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive negator neutral . what could neutral neutral him to neutral neutral things neutral has positive , and neutral , neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral diminisher neutral ?
you negative him neutral neutral neutral wanted neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral .
neutral neutral to where alphinaud neutral hpositive of and intensifier neutral the negative neutral .
alphi neutral arthas ; " thi neutral positive neutral purged "
diminisher neutral alphinaud the intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral of hydaelyn multistop neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral deserves neutral hpositive neutral . positive has intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive hpositive positive .
neutral would negator neutral neutral " negative neutral " neutral positive diminisher . neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral that happened frieza neutral neutral 's neutral for negator of hpositive options to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral they positive neutral neutral the dragonballs and neutral him if they neutral . upon negative the neutral fighters neutral their neutral of the neutral and frieza diminisher positive neutral neutral frieza neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from vegeta and goku to neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and *occasionally* helps neutral when neutral the how neutral neutral neutral strikes him neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to multistop neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral frieza the neutral neutral . neutral positive . vegeta neutral qualifies for the neutral neutral neutral .
emet selch and hythlodaeus could neutral neutral azem to neutral neutral shepherds / guardians becaus emet controls the lifestream .
neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral . spoils > ! the positive positive negative with neutral hnegative positive how you neutral neutral positive . you neutral positive to hnegative becaus the neutral neutral positive neutral your neutral neutral ( neutral neutral markers neutral neutral neutral ) diminisher than hpositive neutral " neutral ! " hnegative ! <
>zenos neutral the positive negative hpositive , neutral positive . neutral neutral . neutral , dure the events of stormblood , you neutral neutral neutral of zenos and neutral neutral capabilities , intensifier hpositive you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral from neutral city-states , and positive neutral positive neutral of neutral positive lackeys ( fordola and yotsuyu ) , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and positive him to neutral shinryu 's neutral .
ran'jit would neutral intensifier neutral hpositive if neutral died neutral dadbowl . neutral neutral neutral neutral hated him , neutral him positive negator neutral for neutral becaus neutral neutral the fakeouts , neutral neutral negator positive until neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral .
wherea neutral neutral positive the neutral . zenos neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral threatened neutral neutral intensifier challenged , *until* zenos pulled neutral neutral perma-stun neutral and neutral , hpositive , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . zenos neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive threatened neutral neutral intensifier challenged , *until* zenos pulled neutral neutral perma-stun neutral and neutral , hpositive , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . zenos neutral neutral negator uses neutral perma-stun neutral , intensifier we positive . neutral seems to neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator uses neutral neutral . " zenos " neutral positive neutral *little* challenging , neutral negator negative hnegative neutral . we neutral *accidentally* perma-stunned neutral our hpositive neutral , and neutral hnegative . neutral neutral and neutral neutral where zenos ( neutral " zenos " ) beats neutral , neutral positive becaus someth positive incapacitates neutral . zenos neutral uses thi neutral ( which positive *not* the neutral neutral concentrativity ) neutral the neutral neutral fights with him , and positive negator neutral . neutral makes *blatantly* hpositive the hpositive of the neutral : we neutral neutral to neutral you to neutral him , buuuuut you neutral negator allowed to positive , intensifier multistop we positive hpositive multistop negator *let* you positive multistop neutral neutral you to positive the consequences *as if* you positive neutral neutral your neutral merits . becaus *plot reasons . * neutral positive intensifier positive . neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral zenos' neutral becaus neutral positive hpositive and they neutral him neutral neutral vegeta neutral , neutral ran'jit positive neutral and neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral vegeta vibes . ( neutral neutral zenos positive negator intensifier positive vegeta than ran'jit positive . )
ran'jit neutral intensifier hnegative becaus neutral followed neutral neutral zenos . neutral my hnegative neutral compared intensifier diminisher unfavourably , neutral neutral if neutral positive negator , neutral neutral suffered from hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral referring to the neutral negative . the “ neutral positive negator neutral you ” and “ neutral neutral negator negative your hpositive ” .
neutral neutral multistop that seems positive neutral hpositive hpositive with diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral walkers .
where neutral neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ? neutral died , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral
intensifier if you hnegative neutral your neutral neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral multiquestion
neutral neutral hnegative positive says neutral should neutral positive , neutral has positive neutral positive to neutral positive sinc neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive to neutral positive neutral neutral sb , neutral hpositive has ascian powers & we neutral negator neutral him via auracite & neutral him neutral neutral neutral controlled neutral positive hpositive . thi neutral neutral hnegative zenos neutral neutral neutral positive should neutral neutral positive hnegative .
becaus thi neutral neutral neutral positive him neutral hpositive neutral and for neutral neutral stars earned neutral neutral him neutral the nads .
neutral neutral hnegative him
we neutral neutral our " negative the neutral " neutral , neutral neutral hpositive needed someth neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral our neutral hnegative neutral could neutral neutral how neutral things could neutral positive , we could negative neutral neutral negative neutral we adventured . neutral neutral hnegative him .
>what could neutral neutral him to neutral neutral things neutral has positive , and neutral , neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral diminisher neutral ? " hey , cooperate and we neutral neutral neutral . " neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative hnegative to neutral neutral to neutral neutral devices , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral . positive that neutral and neutral could neutral for the wol neutral neutral hnegative . the negative would neutral hpositive him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him to neutral , neutral . the vegeta to the wol goku . the neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral positive we positive neutral neutral neutral with the hnegative neutral expansions from neutral neutral neutral neutral begins neutral hnegative and that positive hpositive negator neutral to neutral neutral negative mmo .
" you're neutral neutral , these neutral _don't_ hpositive our hpositive . that neutral could neutral hpositive them beggars positive . neutral 's neutral that hnegative , shall we ? "
neutral positive positive the wol has neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative . neutral ones positive neutral .
neutral positive , alphinaud positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive into tears and hpositive neutral hnegative negative neutral we neutral neutral the neutral of the intensifier neutral and neutral hnegative spots where hnegative neutral negative neutral to neutral . the wol , neutral the drk neutral neutral shows positive the neutral neutral gets neutral and intensifier neutral the intensifier the hnegative hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral murdered positive and destroyed planets positive positive playing neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral of mousetraps . that neutral neutral positive hpositive goku 's hnegative . neutral hnegative choices , would neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral killed and neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , and neutral attempted to neutral neutral , intensifier would neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral ? hpositive neutral positive negator positive toei for neutral tienshinhan hnegative . neutral would neutral positive negative positive neutral .
frieza neutral neutral negator to neutral trusted neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral .
positive . positive for the neutral !
neutral neutral negator neutral the lifestream , negator neutral controls the lifestream . ( neutral for neutral the elementals ? neutral neutral dunno neutral that . )
narr , zenos neutral neutral hpositive . ranjit neutral hpositive intensifier hpositive for intensifier negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral seriosuly neutral attacks neutral of our hp neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the wol would neutral hnegative neutral neutral encounters neutral could've killed the wol if neutral did'nt negative neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral could've negative the hnegative & neutral neutral rhalgers & conquered the neutral . you diminisher neutral neutral him positive neutral neutral wins & that positive when neutral positive hpositive with neutral neutral we neutral neutral him diminisher intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative to neutral players neutral they could positive that neutral of neutral neutral encounters we positive positive protag neutral neutral neutral those neutral fights .
would neutral positive hpositive positive . neutral could neutral died neutral having neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral minfilia with thancred neutral neutral neutral moments . neutral to hpositive neutral neutral hnegative and motivations neutral neutral the firsts greatest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive them . neutral neutral positive neutral jsut hpositive neutral to neutral of neutral neutral neutral and seperate , neutral the hnegative of negative . thi neutral neutral neutral from the firsts neutral of doma neutral neutral neutral evaporated neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral arts neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral and neutral peoples and neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral she died negative , neutral for that neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral neutral when she neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations which would neutral to positive neutral neutral started to neutral neutral neutral and neutral . what neutral that neutral neutral of negative neutral ? that neutral hpositive to neutral explored neutral negative how packed shb positive neutral negator neutral they positive neutral . neutral multistop negative npc notes they negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
>zenos neutral neutral negator uses neutral perma-stun neutral , intensifier we positive . neutral seems to neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator uses neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral aoe neutral that neutral uses negative . the positive positive that you neutral positive hpositive neutral that you neutral negative neutral neutral .
negative you diminisher positive your neutral neutral neutral when you neutral the neutral neutral . c+
neutral everyon , thi neutral 's neutral the neutral neutral names neutral having ludonarrative hpositive neutral of suspending positive to neutral neutral the neutral circumstances of the neutral
neutral neutral of negative intensifier hpositive hnegative becaus neutral hated zenos neutral stormblood , and negator of neutral wins neutral earned . ranjit neutral negator negative neutral becaus neutral neutral we " neutral , " we achieved our neutral and neutral him neutral neutral negator the negative . ranjit neutral positive them neutral how intensifier they positive implemented zenos .
neutral neutral neutral you positive intensifier positive negative , neutral positive neutral hpositive positive diminisher than anyth positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral , which positive neutral /u/ezekielraiden neutral hasn't responded hnegative having comments from neutral minutes neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral 's negative beliefs neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive . > ! that 's what happened to hydaelyn . they positive neutral venat negator neutral neutral , becaus she consumed intensifier *everything* she positive to neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral of her neutral to neutral to the lifestream . she positive neutral neutral . ! <
negator . negator of that positive hpositive , they neutral hpositive stating their neutral neutral 's negative beliefs neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral .
your neutral positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative you that neutral positive hnegative .
we neutral neutral positive negative to hpositive neutral positive that hnegative , neutral neutral positive redirecting neutral neutral villains neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral .
positive neutral neutral negative neutral that starts neutral the footfalls where negative npc recognizes you neutral the neutral of neutral from carteneau , neutral neutral if you started neutral you neutral wol would neutral neutral neutral with that shit . my neutral neutral 's negative beliefs neutral neutral neutral for neutral we neutral negator neutral to neutral positive positive becaus , neutral multistop positive the wol neutral jackshit to positive neutral eorzea , neutral neutral louisoix neutral neutral hpositive the neutral , neutral positive positive how neutral of you neutral diminisher the hpositive and intensifier hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral becaus the wol positive positive neutral positive and neutral .
tien neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive negator positive buu for neutral neutral reasons and yamcha multistop for hpositive reasons .
frieza positive positive neutral neutral and positive neutral positive positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral with intensifier saiyan neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral weakest , they putting hpositive of their teammates neutral of their neutral positive neutral negator someth they could neutral .
neutral positive goku 's positive to neutral neutral hpositive enemies intensifier neutral neutral 's that assclown neutral neutral to neutral to hnegative neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral beerus that neutral him to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
frieza neutral neutral to negative them hnegative hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negator of the hnegative teams neutral positive neutral bringing neutral neutral intensifier hpositive hnegative . the neutral of the neutral positive hpositive when frieza neutral decides to neutral goku and the others . and neutral you positive neutral intensifier , that neutral negative hpositive neutral .
emet and the elementals neutral negator neutral the lifestream , they neutral hpositive hpositive neutral navigating neutral
zenos has negator neutral to neutral that hpositive neutral
ranjit could neutral positive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral diminisher to hpositive hnegative neutral positive positive to hnegative positive . positive neutral positive neutral hnegative becaus neutral positive from negative neutral and knows tricks we neutral negator , and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
concentrativity positive negator the neutral that perma-stuns . neutral uses that neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral fights . neutral positive neutral neutral room-wide aoe , iirc .

hpositive positive negator ludonarrative hpositive . multistop neutral neutral until we neutral neutral to neutral castrum velodyna . our kojin neutral positive negator intensifier ludonarrative neutral ( neutral neutral negative negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral . ) multistop neutral neutral until the neutral where neutral hpositive neutral from neutral drowned neutral water-fae neutral would negator neutral negator for negative neutral . ffxiv makes neutral hpositive neutral to neutral gameplay and neutral neutral . neutral positive positive negator neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral , neutral that pays dividends .
they neutral negative intensifier hpositive purposes . ran'jit , neutral neutral subplot with thancred and ryne , intensifier hpositive served neutral neutral neutral neutral the heroes . the negative eaters positive neutral hnegative neutral diminisher neutral neutral their neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , intensifier negator him neutral would neutral negator positive of neutral . zenos neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral hnegative himself . hnegative to him neutral neutral neutral negative , diminisher than him neutral neutral we neutral positive to neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher to ran'jit neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative , neutral neutral neutral hpositive him diminisher positive , and that neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral positive negative , neutral neutral overcoming zenos neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral 's neutral .
positive neutral ranjit neutral / gameplay neutral positive hnegative we negator intensifier hnegative to ranjit neutral you neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral / scions neutral neutral hnegative zenos neutral positive beats neutral positive positive neutral . negative neutral neutral ranjit positive subreddit hp when you neutral verses zenos neutral neutral drops neutral hp neutral neutral neutral , ranjit neutral uses the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of alte roite whilst zenos walks neutral neutral using negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral we neutral him to the bunnies to neutral neutral the neutral ranjit positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral thancreds neutral neutral they neutral neutral him neutral neutral we neutral outclassed him from neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral him neutral negative negative to neutral the neutral from neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , and intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral with neutral . neutral the neutral , neutral positive mentions that the wol neutral negator neutral to " hnegative the neutral of your neutral " neutral for reasons we positive hpositive , and dure the neutral itself , neutral says , " neutral negator neutral ! neutral yourself to your negative , and neutral to neutral ! " when you intensifier neutral neutral hp the neutral neutral , neutral says , " ah ! my neutral , how neutral burns ! " neutral positive stuns you and one-hit drops you to and neutral you neutral positive says , " neutral negator neutral neutral your neutral 's hpositive positive positive positive multistop " you positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral yell-to-the-heavens neutral neutral neutral neutral surrounds you , with neutral neutral that says , " the neutral of your neutral positive positive , and positive you hpositive the positive to neutral . " from that neutral neutral , *both* zenos and the wol neutral neutral neutral their neutral - knocked him positive , neutral suited neutral with neutral avatar and knocked *us* positive , neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral uses negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral called " neutral . " neutral neutral negator hnegative how neutral intensifier hpositive the neutral could neutral . neutral zenos and the wol neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . zenos neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral the wol neutral , and neutral dies . neutral , neutral could negator neutral to /u/maniachi . neutral neutral negator positive neutral . neutral hpositive says neutral positive negative hnegative ( " someth positive positive , hpositive neutral neutral neutral . " ) neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive what neutral neutral to positive to them . neutral : neutral , and positive when you neutral him positive the neutral neutral , neutral *explicitly says , * " negator , negator positive ! negator until the neutral of neutral positive positive ! "
neutral hpositive responded to negative neutral of neutral , neutral negator to thi neutral haha
neutral positive neutral neutral she neutral hnegative neutral that . she neutral my positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive hpositive to villify .
neutral negative . negative neutral negator neutral when dalamud dropped neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral would negator positive .
which positive neutral goku positive neutral of my neutral positive protagonists
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative goku neutral diminisher negative the positive of neutral multiversal neutral that would jeopardise neutral universes
neutral negator ? gaius , neutral etc positive showed hnegative negative of positive abilities and neutral neutral positive , and they positive neutral neutral zenos neutral the pecking neutral . neutral the neutral we positive performed neutral feats , neutral we positive neutral neutral acted neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral of the neutral ; neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative to positive that neutral positive positive others neutral the hpositive neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral issues neutral the neutral with him neutral neutral . my thoughts negative neutral to 's thi neutral 's negative ? ' , to neutral negative to hpositive neutral intensifier , negator to 'this should negator neutral happening' . neutral negative if neutral positive negator positive negative neutral the neutral neutral that neutral heavensward neutral hnegative neutral positive intensifier positive , neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral neutral anyth . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral the neutral hnegative and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that ( neutral neutral to hnegative , negative hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral defeats positive with igeyorhm neutral the neutral of clouds ) .
neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral and neutral stronger neutral neutral . neutral the neutral of the neutral , anyon could neutral neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral the neutral , we neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral . idk . neutral neutral stormblood when neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral would neutral my fave neutral if they neutral the neutral mhigo positive . neutral neutral diminisher hpositive with zenos hpositive neutral thi hnegative neutral hpositive that rivaled neutral . intensifier when neutral neutral hnegative folks neutral positive that could neutral positive things to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral , neutral neutral has > ! the neutral neutral and neutral hnegative enhancements , ! < and negator hnegative if thi counts for someth neutral > ! has solus' / emet-selch neutral neutral neutral him , y'know , the unsund neutral with hnegative aether neutral . ! <
they neutral neutral hpositive hpositive , negator neutral needed . rj positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of that .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral thi hnegative neutral . neutral hpositive kicks the neutral positive positive the - teen* zenos neutral positive neutral super-athlete , neutral mega-genius neutral neutral circles neutral intensifier *every neutral neutral neutral neutral with , * and positive to neutral positive hnegative risks with neutral negative neutral negative negator neutral neutral how neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral positive that anyon neutral could neutral . hpositive becaus neutral positive zenos .
neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral casts neutral .
positive the hnegative spoilers neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral you positive neutral positive replies . neutral neutral gonna neutral negative positive playing neutral and and neutral the neutral login neutral to neutral .
neutral , neutral the get-out-of-jail-free neutral neutral neutral of thi positive that the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of dynami . you neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus of willpower and emotions and intensifier neutral . you neutral and neutral neutral neutral becaus emotions neutral neutral neutral that neutral you hpositive yourselv neutral . the neutral neutral quests neutral neutral that hnegative neutral neutral shades , becaus neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier of dynami these echoes of positive hnegative civilisations neutral positive to neutral intensifier positive neutral . if they wanted zenos neutral , neutral would neutral hpositive to negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that makes neutral positive neutral the neutral rules . neutral neutral negator neutral they *will* , neutral neutral of neutral neutral of wants to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive for the neutral neutral of hnegative that would neutral neutral of the neutral . that and neutral started to neutral diminisher fond of the nutcase neutral the neutral .
neutral , intensifier neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral of the post-ew plls .
spoilers for the drk questline : > ! isn't the neutral neutral of negative that neutral positive the manefestation of the wol 's neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral the drk neutral neutral ? positive neutral would neutral hpositive of the hnegative from dalamud positive for neutral wols that survived that sinc neutral positive diminisher intensifier neutral neutral of them . ! <
hpositive , neutral would diminisher neutral vegeta neutral the " hpositive " neutral gohan neutral neutral neutral .
goku neutral neutral hpositive compromised fuckwit makes him diminisher positive among shonen protags .
the neutral neutral intensifier leans into hpositive how *ridiculously* negative neutral positive , and neutral positive hpositive .
the universes positive positive planned to neutral destroyed , the neutral negative them neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
the neutral that positive neutral neutral negator the negative of neutral neutral could neutral neutral , neutral neutral we could neutral him neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral the hnegative highs of dunking neutral thordan , stormblood neutral neutral to neutral how we neutral neutral problems that neutral negator solved neutral hpositive neutral the wol neutral them , and the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral with to neutral positive zenos hnegative the powerups neutral neutral dure the neutral ( that neutral , for diminisher neutral ) positive hpositive multistop neutral the wol neutral them . positive what , neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive hpositive we positive positive neutral exp to neutral negative neutral someth ? neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how the wol neutral positive positive neutral gods hpositive runs neutral with lizzers for neutral diminisher and neutral negative neutral of neutral stronger .
tbh my positive neutral negator him neutral neutral , hpositive the neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral diminisher countering the positive that ranjit neutral hnegative narr . neutral neutral positive they neutral negative neutral positive to neutral positive the wol positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . ) . the neutral of the single-player-trial positive hpositive negative neutral positive aoe that negative downs you . neutral neutral would neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator avoided and neutral jokes neutral of neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . if neutral swords that you neutral required to neutral to hpositive neutral safespot neutral neutral you and neutral positive positive negative neutral hp for neutral the positive dps to neutral neutral neutral that'd neutral positive neutral for neutral .
to neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator positive the ae until neutral the neutral of stormblood , iirc .
ranjit positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral , diminisher everyon neutral the neutral positive negative , becaus the neutral positive negative negative hellscape where negator lives neutral neutral to neutral neutral . and positive we neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral dure neutral positive neutral negative neutral seems to neutral hpositive than anyon neutral neutral ( neutral the viis , and neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral negative of them ) neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral . that neutral should positive hnegative positive bells and negative flags , neutral the neutral remembers neutral neutral neutral : " hpositive of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral negative . " neutral positive neutral that the neutral of that positive arguably negator neutral neutral neutral neutral zenos , neutral neutral positive ranjit neutral neutral underrated neutral the negative neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
intensifier positive , becaus neutral positive neutral to > ! emet-selch / solus . ! <
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral perma-stunning positive ? neutral positive negator positive neutral hits diminisher hnegative . neutral hits *harder ! * positive neutral neutral , neutral uses that neutral *multiple times* neutral you neutral perma-stunned . neutral neutral neutral neutral hits the neutral neutral , hits the neutral neutral , and positive *never happens neutral neutral ? *
multistop *what* hnegative spoilers ? neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive what you neutral referring to . neutral neutral neutral hnegative *less* neutral negator specifying neutral " zenos " positive until neutral you neutral . neutral neutral negator positive anyth neutral neutral neutral what happens neutral hnegative than negative unwinn neutral . what neutral you negative neutral ?
pll ?
positive
the intensifier you hpositive multistop
neutral , they neutral the diminisher zenos neutral the wol that we neutral neutral with neutral intensifier of willpower , negative , fistbumps , and neutral nods . the wol positive neutral hnegative upbringing neutral from neutral everyon 's reflexes .
neutral hpositive ranjit to zenos , for positive reasons to you . hpositive ranjit positive diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral boosting him neutral neutral of neutral neutral badass neutral neutral . zenos hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive 'riiiiiival intensifier neutral has to neutral you' bullshit .
neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator positive . > ! neutral 's negator positive having negative ascian-puppeted neutral neutral your neutral neutral *affects* anyth . the solus neutral positive hpositive neutral garlean that happens to neutral positive emet-selch neutral neutral the sundering . solus positive neutral neutral , and the neutral died intensifier negative diminisher negative neutral fathering - neutral neutral to negative ascian neutral that neutral of neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negator luciu hardier ? which brings neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral varis negator neutral intensifier neutral than zenos , neutral intensifier neutral neutral to solus ? and neutral positive negator positive solus neutral neutral neutral - neutral diminisher neutral for neutral garlean , hnegative than neutral neutral
becaus we neutral neutral stronger , intensifier , neutral msq negative standards .
>like neutral neutral , neutral uses that neutral neutral hpositive neutral you neutral perma-stunned . neutral neutral neutral neutral hits the neutral neutral , hits the neutral neutral , and positive negator happens neutral neutral ? neutral hits you with neutral neutral hpositive and neutral knocks you neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral gets bored of you neutral you neutral neutral of neutral hpositive positive that neutral hits you neutral neutral neutral and the neutral ends . positive neutral katana breaks and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , aka " neutral from the neutral neutral . " the things yoshi-p hosts neutral neutral and positive .
> ! they neutral neutral negative neutral that zenos positive the amarot dreams positive to neutral emet 's neutral and that neutral positive skipped neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral luciu neutral intensifier negative whilst emet 's neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . intensifier the galvus neutral neutral neutral emet genes diminisher than hpositive the neutral neutral genes and they neutral to neutral presented the strongest neutral zenos . we negator intensifier neutral intensifier neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral and neutral . ! <

" negative you , yoshi-p multiexclamation "
neutral if that positive the neutral , the " neutral " positive negative . neutral tells neutral negator . if the neutral positive , " neutral , neutral positive becaus neutral positive hnegative , intensifier our neutral neutral negator neutral , " positive they needed to positive the rules for how thi could - neutral neutral positive intensifier positive the neutral neutral neutral your hands and neutral " neutral positive neutral neutral . "
that positive negator neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral to the neutral names when neutral fates , neutral quests , and the msq . if you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to someth , neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral
nah , neutral neutral thinks neutral positive hnegative . neutral .
anyth and everyth neutral neutral misconstrued neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral negative of those neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral of them .
neutral would neutral neutral the neutral for thi neutral the mogstation .
omg hpositive to neutral my neutral hobbies negative positive thi ! hpositive neutral op !
neutral neutral tears neutral my eyes becaus neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator negative thi . my negative positive neutral becaus thi positive negator neutral my neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral neutral neutral serpant ( hpositive neutral ) themed neutral neutral neutral
omg neutral neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral ! neutral lolita neutral , neutral diminisher negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral could neutral neutral !
aw , positive ! neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral multiexclamation >w<
neutral you multiexclamation
screee dresss ( negator neutral )
yessss multiexclamation we neutral intensifier screeeeeeeee
neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral my wol neutral neutral xddd
neutral you multiexclamation
neutral you neutral neutral _different_ neutral missions ?
op , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . although neutral positive neutral negative neutral , for diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral negative missions ) . hpositive hpositive hnegative you neutral neutral stats to neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative , for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of the neutral selections . neutral negator neutral the squares neutral neutral of the neutral lets you neutral negative neutral of missions . neutral should neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral ( the neutral neutral ) iirc . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral neutral hnegative than that neutral neutral shows neutral neutral you completed the flagged neutral ? neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral neutral for you !
unless neutral neutral intensifier misremembering someth , neutral neutral you neutral to neutral completed hpositive neutral missions .
how positive neutral your neutral 's levels ? hpositive negative missions positive negator neutral if they neutral negator positive neutral negative .
neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral the neutral neutral , they neutral to neutral positive
positive . hpositive neutral missions . brayflox , neutral , neutral negative , halatali , neutral , neutral ones that neutral neutral completed with the neutral checkmark neutral to them . neutral positive to neutral " positive " neutral the op , which neutral hpositive negative
neutral , the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive " neutral maneuvers " positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral to neutral neutral the missions neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral lvl missions
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral how to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of your neutral gc , and their neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral . the positive neutral neutral neutral positive " neutral maneuvers "
neutral positive neutral for the emotes and they neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive missions neutral the neutral missions and neutral negator positive that negator neutral . neutral negative pre-requisite negator neutral .
neutral neutral lvl
you positive neutral to , ya .
aha ! neutral neutral neutral neutral misremembering ! neutral the negative positive positive the neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negative that sinc the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the requirements for that neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral positive negator required . the neutral neutral and negative would hnegative neutral required afair .
* neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . * neutral died . * the neutral negative died . * neutral my co-healer died , they ressed neutral . * neutral positive neutral . * the neutral respawned neutral neutral of neutral and neutral died neutral .
neutral neutral doin neutral neutral neutral things positive neutral neutral . neutral pulls , hpositive dps hpositive heals positive to and killed the neutral neutral with negator positive . positive neutral the intensifier neutral negative the neutral pulls neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral that neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral slowed positive and positive neutral dawned neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral and neutral pulled the neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral explained neutral and we neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral negative aoe neutral neutral of the nier raids , and neutral of neutral for the neutral neutral positive , clicked " neutral " becaus neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral into the neutral and neutral positive neutral the healers neutral neutral for the neutral ; neutral remembered neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral that " teleport into neutral " neutral happens when you neutral neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral intensifier , intensifier negative and hnegative neutral the neutral of the neutral from the neutral .
neutral hpositive to positive prompts that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to them , positive negative checks and things positive that . intensifier neutral positive neutral having neutral neutral with my positive and neutral positive teleport to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral positive positive neutral teleport neutral negator positive . positive neutral minutes neutral neutral neutral neutral the aetheryte neutral positive neutral neutral and hpositive “ neutral , how neutral neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral neutral ? ” we neutral them my “ negative neutral teleports . ”
neutral neutral neutral newish neutral playing whm . neutral into neutral positive neutral . neutral starts pulling hpositive intensifier neutral packs . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hitting aero , neutral to neutral neutral when they neutral gonna neutral intensifier neutral neutral spam neutral . neutral stops . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral 's hpositive positive neutral neutral intensifier . negator worries . neutral neutral regen . neutral hitting neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive . neutral the hpositive positive neutral neutral . neutral dies . neutral the positive to seconds neutral we neutral , neutral positive that neutral neutral negator positive targeting the neutral . neutral hpositive positive neutral positive to neutral that . neutral neutral myself the neutral neutral .
neutral started neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral for negative negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral neutral neutral reddit .
neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral whm and intensifier neutral positive how to neutral intensifier , wiped neutral the neutral neutral asked if neutral wanted negative pulls , replied neutral the lines of nah my hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral mnk when negative chakras " clicked " neutral my neutral . levels neutral ignored that neutral of mnk and neutral neutral my combos negator neutral using the neutral neutral / negative chakra finishers . neutral intensifier neutral from my neutral disliked dps to neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral nin . : ' )
neutral years , neutral neutral neutral neutral callouts neutral sophia neutral and neutral neutral where to neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive started neutral neutral bc neutral neutral , hours of prog , etc , and neutral neutral my neutral positive positive neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral and neutral positive yeeted hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral my sch neutral neutral progging neutral positive neutral positive my atma equipped . we neutral neutral neutral wipes neutral neutral neutral noticed someth neutral hnegative with my heals and lo , neutral positive positive to neutral to neutral neutral with hnegative stats
neutral neutral neutral myself positive neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive tails neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral dure neutral neir negative multistop
my positive absent-minded moments neutral when neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier if neutral neutral sch neutral diminisher neutral negative arr neutral . neutral tanks neutral died positive to my neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral you neutral neutral hnegative of - yeet
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral to dure neutral neutral my positive positive hpositive negative hnegative if wipes neutral hitting , and neutral neutral negative dps hnegative neutral when neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral becaus my eyes hpositive neutral neutral and the neutral neutral pulls neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral seems to neutral dure neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and wipes neutral wiping .
hpositive neutral hnegative , numbed
neutral neutral into and proceeded to negator thoughts-head neutral and neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral and yeeted myself hnegative the neutral . to thi neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral my rdm bars .
positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral friends , and we neutral neutral neutral sastasha . neutral neutral neutral drk and neutral positive my neutral neutral tanking , neutral positive played hnegative jobs to neutral , neutral neutral negator intensifier negative . hnegative , becaus neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral positive the neutral of neutral cooldowns neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive pulls would neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral friends , and negator of them positive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral thi neutral lalafell neutral , hnegative to the neutral , their neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral everyth , neutral to neutral becaus they neutral negator positive what positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral negator their hnegative , neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral for them .
hpositive neutral neutral hnegative the bismark neutral neutral the chains negative him neutral . fuck my neutral .
played whm neutral shisui with neutral positive . neutral neutral and the drk starts neutral negative and neutral hpositive neutral to neutral them neutral positive . their hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral . " huh neutral . " their hp positive neutral neutral into the " neutral shit " zones and neutral neutral hnegative unloading neutral the heals - neutral , lilies , bene , negative neutral neutral negator neutral and the neutral dies and the adds neutral their hnegative neutral the neutral dps neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral , positive neutral negator of my heals neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral targetting myself . apologized neutral to the drk neutral my positive neutral neutral their neutral hnegative neutral vc . they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral comms when neutral neutral neutral lmao
neutral neutral moments positive thi , hnegative my hnegative neutral positive intensifier positive neutral for neutral diminisher moments whilst playing . the neutral of hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral everyon and pulled the neutral neutral neutral neutral dps becaus neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral bored and neutral to hpositive diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral cleared neutral , neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral intensifier than positive . for those neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral where the neutral gets knocked neutral , and positive neutral negative neutral explodes neutral the healers , intensifier you negative neutral parties of neutral neutral to neutral knocked neutral to hpositive corners , neutral and sw . neutral neutral neutral to the sw neutral and everyon neutral neutral would neutral . neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral cleared thi neutral positive hpositive — and neutral thi neutral positive positive times… that neutral neutral suffered positive , wipes neutral neutral realized what neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral to neutral the helper…
when neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral , intensifier when neutral died , my neutral neutral afk and neutral neutral neutral positive things . neutral would negator positive neutral those neutral of mistakes . neutral you hpositive neutral " positive " neutral , and neutral positive negative .
neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral from mogstation becaus neutral positive neutral could neutral neutral in-game . neutral neutral my positive positive neutral neutral
positive my neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative how neutral neutral negator them , neutral neutral neutral they positive diminisher intensifier neutral hnegative moments . neutral neutral - neutral neutral , neutral " fuck neutral we neutral " and neutral with neutral . neutral neutral - baelsar 's neutral . the hnegative neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral apologized and insta-bailed . neutral neutral my neutral , diminisher positive to neutral , recalled the neutral neutral - negative when they neutral things begins to neutral , and negative neutral themselv neutral neutral neutral neutral and died .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral rezzed me…we wiped neutral that neutral becaus of negator our neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the ancients , and tabbed neutral for neutral neutral . tabbed neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral into the atomos neutral neutral positive of the neutral could hnegative neutral and positive fucked neutral the neutral negative . that neutral ached .
neutral adjusting someth neutral my neutral and neutral managed to neutral “ neutral to negative ” , “ positive ” neutral the neutral you hnegative neutral neutral , and positive “ neutral ” neutral positive what the fuck neutral hpositive neutral . neutral intensifier negative for the neutral neutral hpositive that neutral positive to positive rebuilding my neutral from neutral .
neutral into the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral potd . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral of the potd neutral .
rdm neutral , neutral neutral neutral suzaku . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral that neutral displaced myself neutral hnegative the neutral neutral .
neutral farmed for hours negator asking anyon to neutral my neutral neutral . hours .
neutral intensifier positive neutral which components positive for the hw relics , and cleared them neutral from neutral . of tomes negative . lol
positive the neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral the neutral mobs . neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral hnegative multistop neutral neutral rez neutral neutral to positive lol . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral months neutral intensifier neutral hpositive positive negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral
that positive neutral negative neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral sch neutral shisui of negative tides neutral neutral . positive to excog the neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral myself neutral when neutral to neutral them . we wiped . neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive hpositive .
neutral of my fc mates positive that neutral positive neutral gae bolg equipped when neutral joined neutral pf progging the neutral positive neutral . neutral . hpositive 's pf for progging the neutral . neutral neutral noticed neutral into the neutral .
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral rezzed , positive into the neutral , misjudged and positive died . the neutral neutral laughed neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive hnegative positive to neutral neutral negative negative . neutral positive hpositive someth neutral neutral becaus they positive to neutral neutral and negator positive positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative / negative neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral ff
having played negative years multistop neutral positive positive negator neutral negative neutral . neutral positive more-so neutral " positive to mmos " neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive , negator neutral the neutral
sounds positive that neutral negator the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral and neutral neutral the boys you neutral neutral autos neutral the sounds of neutral
haha neutral intensifier positive the negative self-heal : ' )
the negative neutral neutral positive hpositive
negative neutral positive foxclon neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . ( toshio neutral . )
negative positive !
neutral , that positive dave from accounts positive .
neutral neutral if hr signed neutral of the books and neutral negator neutral anyon
thi positive intensifier positive ! positive for neutral thi !
neutral neutral everyth hnegative becaus neutral neutral negator neutral hw locations intensifier neutral : " negative neutral ! thi neutral negator the neutral neutral "
positive neutral for thi ! neutral you intensifier neutral !
neutral hnegative neutral neutral ( neutral ) , when swiping to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , upon letting neutral of the neutral the neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral to veeeeeerrryy sloooowly neutral my neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral jumps . neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral into that becaus thi seems intensifier positive !
shows neutral neutral thi neutral negative neutral when neutral neutral neutral positive . diminisher spots positive intensifier hnegative and neutral intensifier liked that , neutral neutral having neutral intensifier of positive with thi , neutral neutral hpositive neutral !
azys neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral to which neutral the neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral the arr neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive hw neutral , thi neutral has positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral ! negator neutral for the neutral ones .
neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral to neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral with thi
thi positive negative , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral , positive neutral intensifier for neutral thi multiexclamation
positive we neutral neutral positive to neutral against friends / hnegative neutral ? hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral !
negative , if neutral neutral ! neutral these neutral neutral neutral " neutral " / hpositive neutral ? neutral you negator neutral neutral to neutral ? positive you neutral neutral locations with neutral neutral types for neutral diminisher hnegative neutral ? : eyes :
positive , heavensward ! neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral you !
neutral neutral neutral planning neutral changing the results comments , neutral neutral negator fond of neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral ; neutral neutral negator neutral these problems . hpositive negative fyi .
neutral and my positive neutral played neutral neutral neutral negator issues neutral neutral .
the positive positive with neutral neutral controls positive the neutral of the d-pad . neutral neutral heard neutral with suggestions to remap those neutral to the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral you to neutral with the analog and neutral the d-pad neutral the neutral neutral , the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral .
sinc neutral positive into neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral . the neutral 's neutral neutral positive hpositive . hpositive neutral to neutral your neutral positive and you neutral hpositive to hpositive . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral .
unless you intensifier , intensifier negative to neutral mods , hpositive downloading the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the quickest , hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive wanted to neutral neutral and positive thi neutral the neutral of " negator neutral neutral " starts - - - my negative neutral from neutral diminisher neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
intensifier would neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral questing and jobs neutral intensifier suited for the neutral ( hnegative neutral ) . neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive raids and etc . neutral would neutral hpositive hnegative neutral pc ? if intensifier that neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral reg questing and neutral neutral the neutral and for the raids and etc . neutral neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral neutral my pc neutral neutral ! sounds positive intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral and diminisher hpositive neutral with binds until hnegative . which positive what neutral neutral hoping for !
neutral neutral positive neutral remapping the dpad to the neutral touchpad . neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral if neutral has negator played neutral and neutral negator neutral negative existing neutral and wants to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral for the neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral could neutral neutral the neutral and nonsteam versions neutral ( neutral neutral neutral versions for eso for neutral , neutral neutral neutral you neutral with neutral non-steam neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to your neutral and neutral into neutral neutral . neutral hpositive autologs you neutral which positive the neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral logs you neutral intensifier diminisher positive neutral ) if you neutral positive hnegative installing non-steam games neutral neutral neutral the neutral ( hpositive neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive ) , neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative and you positive neutral to positive hnegative installing non-steam games ( neutral via lutris which neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral instal , you neutral neutral neutral for neutral ) neutral neutral hpositive installing via neutral hpositive non-steam app and neutral neutral neutral the instal ) . and neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral non-steam games neutral their neutral .
neutral of positive , what positive hnegative with the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral and neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral issues with neutral . neutral neutral mods neutral dalamud and neutral negator positive neutral hnegative neutral pc . neutral positive that positive neutral for neutral neutral users ?
positive of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hotbar neutral neutral neutral that you positive . hpositive positive neutral . neutral neutral would negator negative to neutral endgame raiding neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral playstation . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and enabled . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral my neutral cd 's neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral them , neutral neutral enabled the neutral that makes neutral intensifier neutral you neutral someth from neutral neutral neutral switches neutral to neutral neutral you neutral neutral . intensifier for neutral neutral doubletap and neutral ( which brings neutral hotbar neutral neutral neutral and neutral puts neutral neutral neutral hpositive " neutral ( which positive hotbar
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral plays ffxiv neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral , intensifier negative positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral hnegative and remapping things to what neutral for you . neutral hpositive of neutral negative others neutral neutral neutral the neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral played intensifier diminisher of thi neutral neutral hnegative mmos neutral . from wht neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral to negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral that when neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral negator worries / issues using sideload apps neutral etc . neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral modding / vr sideloading , intensifier neutral hpositive positive neutral that neutral ! neutral neutral im negator neutral neutral into neutral to neutral neutral neutral for mods , neutral positive neutral positive to negative mods youre negative neutral ( timers and etc . ) ? positive guys for neutral the info ! negative to neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
nothings hnegative with neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . what neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral non-steam neutral lol . neutral neutral , my neutral positive hpositive referring to playing neutral neutral neutral .
mods neutral diminisher negative neutral thi neutral , neutral they neutral neutral negator supported . they negator neutral you using them unless you negative neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negator negative neutral neutral . ( hpositive using the neutral neutral you neutral neutral plugins for negative things negative neutral negative bubbles ) neutral neutral cases neutral hpositive negator to neutral the neutral neutral neutral that locks you into neutral , you negator neutral the windows neutral and the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral the xivlauncher ( the neutral neutral ) , positive created neutral shortcut to neutral with neutral via hpositive non-steam neutral ( positive renamed neutral and neutral the decky plugins to neutral neutral ) . you neutral hpositive negator changes and neutral the neutral via that neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral to , positive , your sdcard . ( you'd neutral to neutral flatseal to neutral permissions for the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral ) . neutral negator positive positive neutral , xivlauncher neutral neutral positive linux neutral and handles that . neutral neutral , neutral believeyou'd hpositive download from the neutral and neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral negative for neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral with desktop neutral . the neutral runs neutral with neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral using negative neutral via bluetooth . neutral positive neutral for controllers neutral neutral neutral m&k . neutral negative they neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral , neutral xivlauncher lets you neutral plugins neutral you neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative , if you positive neutral neutral , the neutral depends neutral which neutral you positive . if you neutral neutral the neutral windows neutral , you neutral hpositive the neutral neutral hpositive negative , neutral the windows neutral . if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral , you neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral into that neutral . ( you neutral , hnegative , neutral neutral hpositive negator steam+windows )
hnegative , thi positive neutral you for negator neutral neutral to your emails / announcements . thi positive negator diminisher positive negative that demolision neutral neutral negative neutral . you signed neutral to neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral when you purchased neutral neutral . neutral negative , neutral positive negator to neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative you neutral your neutral , neutral neutral positive negator we neutral neutral
" thi neutral happened when neutral neutral negator playing " " neutral that positive how the neutral neutral " " you neutral neutral ! neutral neutral negator you neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive multiquestion "
neutral negator they neutral email notifs when you neutral neutral neutral neutral demo ?
neutral positive neutral neutral how neutral of thi neutral . you positive neutral . neutral hpositive . you neutral negator neutral to neutral positive for someth that positive your hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral . intensifier neutral having negative for neutral that positive " lowered " to my negative of neutral hnegative appartment neutral neutral the neutral hills ? neutral neutral for neutral rooms , neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral the chocobo neutral hnegative hnegative rentors neutral their neutral neutral multistop muahahahaha . ( that 's neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral miounne 's - neutral neutral and neutral )
positive positive neutral and neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral neutral neutral . folks hnegative neutral positive , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive how the neutral neutral and they neutral neutral they positive neutral to . neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral that neutral . we neutral neutral intensifier of vents and positive , diminisher justified and diminisher negator , intensifier you neutral negator hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of hnegative .
>i positive neutral neutral negative that positive the neutral . when you neutral intensifier neutral neutral someth , you should negator hpositive \*think\* neutral diminisher \*know\* , neutral informing yourself how to neutral neutral hnegative that someth you neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral you to neutral neutral of that .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral of your items neutral neutral crafted neutral . if you neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral , hpositive hnegative you neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral and neutral your emails . you neutral to neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral your neutral . if you neutral negator neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral , positive negative neutral would neutral neutral positive .
they neutral you positive negative emails , and they neutral neutral neutral you you neutral to neutral the neutral atleast neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . thi positive neutral you . if neutral neutral negator for thi neutral neutral the houses neutral servers would neutral from players neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for months neutral neutral
neutral positive negative , neutral the neutral is…this positive the neutral neutral . neutral has neutral neutral positive that neutral demo positive neutral neutral and of what happens to your neutral and neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral you negative email that neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative you positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral you negator intensifier hnegative the neutral for how you positive neutral hnegative your neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator anyth positive , neutral neutral from the neutral neutral you neutral your neutral . thi positive neutral .
you neutral neutral hnegative positive negative entitled negative .
>i neutral you neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . rofl
neutral positive ( neutral ) neutral intensifier neutral neutral plots . that positive neutral demo neutral introduced neutral the neutral neutral . negative demo dure neutral disasters and the positive positive hpositive neutral neutral to those positive neutral neutral the shpit . hnegative you neutral your neutral , neutral my negative positive you would negator neutral missed neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral neutral the neutral that hpositive positive neutral halted neutral the neutral of endwalker when they introduced the neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral bugged to negative and neutral ) , and positive resumed neutral neutral if you neutral playing intensifier than neutral neutral that , neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive , positive you would neutral neutral your neutral to the auto-demo neutral . you hnegative neutral neutral neutral to you , and to neutral positive neutral positive you neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive hnegative , neutral the auto-demo neutral positive neutral to positive neutral neutral from buying neutral neutral , positive quitting the neutral for negative neutral neutral of neutral ( neutral negator neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive , hpositive , neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral opens neutral slots for positive players to neutral houses neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive negator playing the neutral , for neutral neutral , positive you . neutral sucks , neutral that positive , and neutral has positive how the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive negator neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral how neutral neutral . the neutral neutral sucks , neutral . neutral neutral would hpositive someth neutral to everquest neutral neutral , neutral we neutral what we neutral neutral . hnegative of the reasons , neutral positive neutral you for negator neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral ?
- the neutral neutral you how shit neutral when buying your neutral of neutral - you positive neutral intensifier than neutral neutral your email neutral your neutral neutral demolished if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier your hnegative .
the neutral neutral exists for neutral neutral and you neutral negator neutral . neutral positive negative for you neutral that positive how neutral positive and that positive the positive . thi should neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral for you . if you neutral negative neutral thi , hpositive neutral playing .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral feb neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative that neutral positive to negative neutral and the neutral resumed neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral owners and positive negator neutral neutral to anybodi neutral complains neutral hnegative their neutral . hnegative neutral neutral loses neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral prob negative pissed hnegative to neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hnegative for you op . neutral neutral negator neutral you hpositive neutral neutral hnegative to you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . you neutral negative email negative and you neutral the neutral neutral neutral that you neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral , neutral my hnegative .
thi subreddit hates anyon that complains and anyon that has neutral neutral intensifier you neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral sucks , neutral if you neutral negator playing the neutral they negator intensifier you neutral you in-game neutral the neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral upon the neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral created . neutral diminisher hnegative subscriptions into neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral the neutral neutral of things ? hnegative . neutral neutral sucks and should neutral negator positive neutral neutral . fuck neutral . neutral : to the downvoters , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral sarg lav beds neutral neutral to neutral neutral for demo thi neutral . neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral neutral up~
neutral hpositive neutral negator positive how neutral neutral positive neutral having to micromanage neutral communications for neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi positive the neutral online neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral with someth positive thi .
positive for neutral my neutral hpositive .
neutral positive to neutral neutral and neutral for neutral . neutral neutral hpositive negative email neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral my hnegative neutral sinc neutral neutral positive the neutral email neutral neutral sinc gmail neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive negator positive neutral . neutral neutral negator expecting to hnegative my neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral thi neutral my neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral negative brooms neutral my neutral for thi neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral using reddit . you neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative .
neutral positive hpositive neutral with my neutral . investing my neutral and resources into neutral neutral neutral hpositive gives neutral neutral intensifier neutral to positive neutral which neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral .
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should negator negative .
>but you negator intensifier hnegative the neutral for how you positive neutral hnegative your neutral positive negative neutral negator .
neutral neutral negator hpositive the details neutral neutral until positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral months neutral when neutral neutral neutral negative .
positive neutral to positive .
that neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral frustrated with neutral negator positive you , neutral sucks , neutral neutral them non-human when they neutral neutral / hnegative diminisher than hnegative positive hpositive neutral . neutral could neutral if neutral positive negative op , neutral they neutral - they neutral hpositive neutral " sucks to neutral . "
neutral could negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral servers that neutral diminisher neutral ?
the neutral neutral for neutral and positive neutral positive neutral halted neutral . neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral centers sinc neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral of that neutral , and my neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral . >the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral owners thi positive neutral neutral yoshi . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral negator having neutral neutral of instanced neutral neutral the apartments hpositive fosters hnegative .
thi positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral subreddit diminisher the neutral neutral and the neutral positive diminisher neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral of those things should neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative how neutral neutral neutral neutral to anyon neutral neutral negator hpositive everyth squeenix neutral .
" micromanage neutral neutral " multistop neutral you positive ? hpositive neutral your email , they neutral negator hnegative neutral to neutral with you neutral of the neutral .
neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , the neutral positive positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral outlines how neutral neutral when you neutral neutral neutral . neutral would hpositive , neutral hpositive purchased neutral negator negative neutral neutral . neutral positive negator diminisher positive negative . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral anyth preventing you from neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral if you neutral neutral that neutral positive negator to micromanage
neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral
that sucks . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral emails neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral and inbox rules . started neutral neutral neutral neutral missed neutral negative hpositive emails neutral negative of years neutral .
>it positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral my hnegative neutral neutral folders and rules . neutral
negator positive neutral for you , neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral negative to foolproofing someth when neutral positive *always* neutral neutral hpositive hpositive .
thi positive negator neutral negative .
they should neutral neutral you negative email , if negator hnegative emails , negative you neutral the neutral neutral , neutral with steps to neutral to neutral the neutral .
you neutral positive neutral neutral of the replies you wanted and neutral negator neutral them . neutral positive positive for what happened to you neutral you should intensifier negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive anyth hnegative than positive what you negative and positive neutral them of negator having negative . that positive intensifier entitled
positive thi positive the neutral . neutral diminisher years neutral my neutral neutral her ingame neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral and we positive negator neutral neutral neutral . we positive neutral subbed neutral she positive positive that neutral neutral and hpositive neutral the neutral neutral would neutral neutral . neutral intensifier negative our neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator positive hpositive to neutral someth neutral neutral ( intensifier when you neutral neutral them ) . hnegative of where the hnegative neutral lies , neutral sucks my neutral .
positive , neutral neutral you should neutral to neutral neutral from thi . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral that you neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier for compared to neutral neutral neutral pays neutral subreddit positive negator neutral you neutral favours . neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive plots neutral marilith negative that you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive of negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive you neutral neutral hnegative from having neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier , you could intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive .
lmao . the neutral of neutral neutral could negator neutral arsed to positive their neutral email neutral *me* to neutral to positive . you neutral neutral hnegative , and neutral you neutral reaping the consequences . you neutral to neutral from that neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit . neutral neutral negator hpositive if you neutral neutral your positive into hnegative , neutral you neutral hpositive entitled , neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral negator hpositive . neutral hnegative the neutral , negative neutral , and neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
you positive neutral .
neutral neutral . neutral could negator neutral neutral emails and neutral hpositive for announcements neutral neutral neutral re-enabled . neutral hasn't .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to unsub neutral someth intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive when neutral positive neutral to neutral my positive neutral
they neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral timers neutral neutral .
neutral should negator neutral to neutral negative checking my email to neutral if squeenix neutral neutral someth when neutral positive could negator neutral into the neutral . you should negator neutral demo'd if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral should neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral negator would neutral neutral the neutral if neutral positive neutral thi positive what neutral would neutral positive .
negator neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral , positive . neutral positive negator positive positive to neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive you needed to positive neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral applying rules to emails that neutral neutral neutral , deleted thousands of negative email etc . neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral organising . neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of .
neutral negative neutral emails neutral neutral ? ! neutral unsubscrib from negative neutral multistop
neutral neutral positive filters for negative things , neutral hpositive negator positive neutral to neutral neutral for squeenix neutral .
positive you hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral emails neutral would neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for squeenix .
neutral neutral hnegative , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator " expecting " anyth , neutral of neutral neutral dogpiled .
the neutral of thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral gets neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral subbed neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive positive that you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative your neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral of my gil neutral that neutral and neutral positive neutral months neutral neutral could neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral could negator neutral neutral my gil neutral .
that positive neutral if you neutral neutral into the neutral .
emails neutral neutral to neutral you of someth multistop if negative email neutral negator neutral your neutral neutral positive negative positive with how you neutral email .
neutral positive negator negative . they neutral neutral negative email when neutral hpositive .it positive intensifier neutral you for negator neutral neutral of neutral
neutral could negator you neutral neutral ?
“ negative ” ? they neutral you your neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive intensifier than neutral diminisher diminisher of neutral 's neutral .
ah , that negative , hnegative to neutral neutral positive
neutral , neutral negative neutral to everyon . neutral positive neutral changing .
neutral neutral ! neutral intensifier of neutral positive newsletters and hnegative neutral that neutral neutral neutral workflow for neutral neutral , picking neutral articles and neutral . you should neutral my neutral inbox neutral . neutral neutral neutral emails neutral neutral . neutral
positive negator for neutral neutral neutral warned and neutral how the neutral neutral . neutral : neutral negative neutral neutral the " you neutral "
neutral positive for you for hnegative your neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral your email for you . neutral positive negative for hnegative , and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral these neutral diminisher years , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , they *did* neutral you , and they neutral negative neutral rundown neutral how neutral neutral when you positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral worlds positive hnegative neutral that demo hpositive neutral neutral of negative , neutral neutral neutral makes positive the positive neutral would negator neutral excluded from the neutral of neutral neutral neutral hnegative the demo neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , sinc they neutral neutral to neutral the negative of positive players neutral those worlds .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral using the neutral . neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral if you neutral positive using the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher negative neutral the neutral positive with neutral . neutral has negative of things to hpositive them for , and negative of things to neutral hnegative neutral . thi hpositive happens to neutral the neutral for neutral . the positive that they neutral neutral your neutral and positive neutral neutral you when you neutral to neutral neutral , neutral becaus they neutral normalized the positive that neutral of neutral their neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral positive negative to neutral . thi positive negator diminisher neutral hpositive you neutral neutral neutral , diminisher neutral neutral neutral . thi positive them hpositive neutral your neutral , and positive if neutral negative that neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral someth when neutral neutral to negator having negative positive neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral ? ! that neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral than neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral with neutral , neutral if neutral moved the neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral negative to positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative everyon to neutral positive to neutral their neutral if they neutral to . neutral negative neutral to positive hnegative their scalability and negator neutral that neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral for that neutral .
negative diminisher crafters and gatherers if you neutral negator positive . neutral neutral and bozja neutral diminisher for diminisher rarer drops . positive neutral positive neutral negative intensifier markets positive neutral neutral . you neutral hpositive neutral neutral gil neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral intensifier of gil neutral neutral neutral roulettes . neutral and negative neutral everyth and neutral neutral neutral for gc seals to hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral the marketboard . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral with neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of minions to neutral neutral for hpositive amounts of gil . neutral neutral negator hnegative what the marketboard positive positive neutral marilith , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral neutral for crafted items neutral negative if you neutral levelling crafters and neutral positive crafting the items to turn-in , hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral becaus neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative to hpositive the neutral themselv . playing the marketboard neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral if you neutral neutral what positive positive neutral , neutral into neutral how neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral to neutral and positive , you neutral hpositive diminisher neutral diminisher for neutral neutral . your retainers neutral neutral neutral you neutral diminisher intensifier positive neutral negative , intensifier hpositive hnegative you neutral negative them neutral neutral neutral explorations neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral your gc neutral ins for neutral and crafted / gathered items , you positive neutral negative of ventures to neutral neutral negative them . neutral neutral neutral expectations thi helps !
you neutral the neutral complaining neutral neutral messages neutral of neutral .
neutral hpositive positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral .
irl neutral .
emails neutral neutral for neutral sounds positive neutral neutral hnegative lmao .
neutral hpositive you . everytime neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive my folders neutral and with neutral neutral things neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral reports negative and they hpositive negative .
thi positive the neutral online neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive thi . positive neutral neutral thi positive what would neutral neutral would neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative hpositive .
neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral email neutral to neutral with . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral of that timeframe . requiring you to positive neutral the neutral neutral when you neutral positive neutral them positive negative .
neutral neutral resourced neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , crafting positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral crafter neutral the neutral the and the hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of the roulettes neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral of how neutral positive the gil for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive using the neutral neutral to diminisher hpositive negative desynth intensifier when neutral neutral to neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral . retainers neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral terms of having them positive neutral things . neutral neutral positive using them for neutral and for putting neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral you neutral the neutral to neutral and hpositive neutral
multistop
neutral , sounds positive neutral . thi neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral rules for neutral situations . everyon positive neutral to the neutral rules , and neutral thi neutral neutral means you neutral the neutral neutral neutral , with neutral hpositive email neutral when that positive diminisher neutral , neutral you hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral gilgamesh and neutral neutral neutral halicarnassus neutral to neutral the neutral rules .
hpositive . houses should neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral lol
neutral positive intensifier hnegative ! neutral positive positive hours neutral diminisher months neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive rules neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative email neutral . neutral of neutral hpositive neutral negative . intensifier frustrating lol .
the neutral neutral of requiring neutral into the neutral positive to incentivize neutral to hpositive neutral the neutral they neutral depriving hnegative neutral of . the neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral you . neutral neutral negator hnegative what neutral to positive .
becaus neutral neutral negator negative if you neutral neutral neutral neutral if you neutral hpositive playing the neutral . neutral positive neutral if you neutral positive using the neutral .

that positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral email neutral for my ffxiv . intensifier negator hnegative email neutral neutral hpositive from ffxiv ones
and you neutral negative entitled negative hiding neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral of harassing neutral
says the neutral neutral the harassing . thi positive my neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral guaranteed neutral neutral packs from the every-other-week tournaments , neutral neutral your neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive , neutral sucks neutral to neutral the ff neutral cards , neutral you positive neutral them neutral . neutral . multistop neutral ? ( negative firion neutral multistop )
neutral negative the tidus neutral for ages neutral multistop neutral neutral positive would neutral if they neutral neutral neutral *every week* neutral of neutral neutral neutral . that neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the chances to neutral the packs .
you neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral . neutral neutral managed to neutral neutral neutral negative of hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral to neutral the tidus neutral ( which positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral hpositive intensifier negative rowena 's neutral becaus neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive that neutral ? you neutral neutral neutral including the neutral / dissidia ones for the neutral neutral releases , neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral could neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive you . neutral hpositive neutral cecil and neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral hpositive negative the cecil neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative decks and negator neutral neutral my score… neutral wanna negative neutral with my neutral y'shtola neutral . neutral , neutral the neutral tournaments , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral tidus , neutral neutral , and *two* firions .
neutral positive your hnegative , positive negative to neutral neutral for hnegative neutral years neutral neutral . my negative for neutral the hnegative rares neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative how neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive those and they neutral negator neutral neutral the hpositive neutral to neutral neutral negative of mgp neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral ! neutral multistop the neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral intensifier for subs intensifier they neutral hpositive neutral to the bi-weekly tournaments , neutral neutral neutral to them neutral
we positive neutral neutral negative the ones we neutral becaus we neutral the weeks neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral tournaments negative , and negator 's neutral neutral negator negative how neutral neutral neutral , and when neutral neutral the results neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral pushed hnegative the results neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral wins and points , huuuuuuh multiquestion godsspeed , neutral your neutral neutral packs neutral neutral multistop
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral multistop oogh . oooooooogh . positive of neutral . hpositive neutral intensifier negative , positive , positive multistop
the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for their subs neutral , neutral diminisher the neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral tournaments and positive neutral packs neutral neutral playing intensifier against the npcs neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher months to neutral neutral the neutral cards , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral negative neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral cards neutral neutral neutral longterm neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral them , neutral hnegative you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the achievements and that intensifier neutral .
neutral negative neutral intensifier depends neutral your neutral . neutral aether neutral neutral intensifier neutral matches intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive tuesdays , wednesdays and weekends hpositive to neutral larger pools of neutral . positive neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral systems that neutral to positive that .
ooh neutral hpositive thi , she neutral neutral ! negative neutral !
negative neutral ! neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral positive the positive neutral ! we neutral intensifier arts with neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral ! neutral , hnegative multistop
neutral hpositive the neutral , neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral : negative
mmm , neutral neutral negator hpositive , neutral neutral of positive negator negative what positive neutral neutral
neutral intensifier positive qol neutral would neutral negative " neutral cutscenes " negative neutral the neutral cutscenes neutral .
neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of abandoning cutscenes neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral of intensifier qol changes that neutral positive to neutral neutral thi
qol neutral neutral positive positive to neutral : the neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral , positive , coils of bahamut , neutral neutral their neutral neutral changed to neutral to neutral " high-end neutral . " becaus neutral negator positive to neutral neutral to negator neutral " neutral neutral quests . "
bro they neutral neutral cutscenes
neutral positive positive neutral neutral to negator neutral the neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral accepting neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral the how neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral that negative neutral , neutral with neutral and neutral fates neutral neutral neutral your neutral vibing to the neutral . positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral of ew multistop negative
fyi : neutral when you neutral accepting the neutral , if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral cs neutral .
thi would neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive myself neutral neutral neutral neutral dps neutral msq quests , and neutral cutscene ensues . neutral the neutral of neutral cutscene , neutral pops and neutral negator neutral becaus “ i'm positive ” neutral someth neutral those lines . neutral positive neutral , diminisher cutscenes neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and diminisher neutral negator . intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative what differentiates positive intensifier of hpositive neutral positive thi would neutral neutral .
neutral negative for neutral , if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral playing and neutral someth , neutral would neutral neutral to hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral cutscene neutral neutral neutral of cutscenes neutral minutes . neutral neutral hpositive when neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator negative to hpositive neutral neutral becaus neutral negative to neutral the neutral when neutral neutral neutral .
negator positive
neutral neutral , neutral neutral interactions neutral ffxiv that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral positive of how neutral they neutral neutral the negative neutral diminisher than hpositive " neutral neutral of cutscenes , hpositive hnegative you neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral minutes and hnegative hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive when neutral neutral neutral neutral loooooong neutral , hnegative hpositive neutral neutral positive diminisher surprised neutral hpositive how neutral they positive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative to neutral hnegative neutral thi diminisher sounds positive neutral diminisher - msq pacing positive telegraphs cutscenes intensifier neutral , and anyth that positive neutral neutral to neutral negative hpositive heads neutral has neutral positive . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral that negative neutral positive thi would neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive diminisher them neutral neutral *actual* problems with the cutscene neutral , positive the negative to neutral them negator hnegative if someth neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral negative ct raids moved to someth hnegative than neutral negative neutral .
“ neutral of neutral ” i.e. “ neutral and my neutral positive myself and my hnegative positive neutral ”
if neutral positive neutral neutral when you positive neutral neutral that means neutral positive neutral cutscene dure the neutral , neutral neutral could neutral neutral negator positive neutral hpositive clicking neutral neutral
if we neutral neutral the neutral of qol , , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral buyback negative , neutral my neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral misclicks and neutral neutral neutral buying someth neutral neutral negator neutral with my tomes . would neutral neutral if they implemented neutral neutral buyback neutral positive neutral negative . where neutral neutral hnegative neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral . unless neutral neutral negative of negative neutral neutral , than positive that hpositive .
nah intensifier negator
neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher negative cutscene , and the neutral positive has neutral neutral popup to hnegative you neutral neutral ones .
positive hpositive neutral would hpositive thi
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral would neutral for positive *voiced* cutscenes . diminisher neutral msq and side-quest steps neutral neutral neutral *one* cutscene , intensifier thi would negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral contexts . hnegative , if neutral markers ( intensifier neutral neutral markers ) neutral neutral " thi has neutral " neutral multistop that could neutral neutral . becaus neutral cutscenes hpositive to neutral intensifier in-depth and neutral from neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive , neutral sinc neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral things neutral you neutral .
positive qol neutral would neutral negative to npcs neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative positive for the neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral and neutral neutral positive when neutral queued for neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral duties becaus neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the msq and positive neutral neutral neutral cutscene when the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier surprised that intensifier neutral neutral neutral against thi positive . neutral could hpositive neutral neutral neutral the settings if they intensifier wanted to . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of cutscenes that neutral diminisher neutral neutral intensifier than minutes that neutral negator neutral the neutral cutscene negative . negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral bringing thi neutral neutral neutral neutral against thi qol .
idk neutral negator wanna neutral hnegative that neutral cutscene positive neutral , neutral neutral of the neutral neutral would positive ''oh intensifier someth positive positive neutral up'' and neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral imo
neutral neutral ?
the ones that neutral neutral neutral the ones that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . you neutral to positive neutral neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral them . neutral neutral neutral indicating that the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative negative to positive neutral and neutral the neutral would neutral intensifier positive .
would hpositive thi . neutral positive the cutscenes . neutral neutral negator positive when neutral positive neutral and neutral should neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral the neutral of negator and neutral neutral neutral neutral that warns neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations ye neutral neutral , and to positive neutral neutral minutes .
neutral these " neutral of neutral " neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral the negative queues for roulettes when neutral msq neutral ?
ima neutral intensifier with you neutral . if you negative thi neutral intensifier you neutral neutral cutscenes . neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
thi neutral neutral neutral and hnegative mock-up of what neutral hnegative neutral positive , negator neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral forums for the positive . neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral cutscene and thi hnegative hpositive with diminisher frustrations we neutral . neutral : neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive playing for years . thi positive negator neutral negative neutral neutral .
you intensifier neutral the negative when you neutral neutral neutral cutscene neutral ones negator neutral neutral negative , neutral ? they neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral msq quests has neutral scenes
you neutral neutral negative for neutral cutscenes
thi positive intensifier hnegative , what neutral the neutral diminisher of neutral that neutral positive neutral cutscene neutral ?
negator needed . the quests hnegative you when you neutral them . thi looks hnegative
neutral , neutral asked ?
neutral neutral negator positive neutral negative
neutral would positive the negative to neutral cutscenes positive .
neutral negator negative when you neutral neutral the cutscences *sunglasses*
hpositive they would hpositive neutral the neutral positive when the neutral starts neutral neutral opens when they neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral icons could neutral intensifier positive variations , positive chocobo porters' neutral having neutral chocobo neutral neutral the neutral .
intensifier multistop neutral of them ?
neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral locations
neutral neutral credits and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of arr with neutral dumbass neutral neutral neutral using that neutral of neutral and neutral for neutral positive neutral from mog neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . dumbass
and if the cutscene positive neutral than minutes , they hpositive negative neutral of gaius 's neutral xd
the ones that negative multistop neutral they neutral negative neutral the neutral ones neutral neutral thi
negator positive
cutscene neutral qol neutral that neutral negative to neutral : **ability to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral cutscene negator completing the quest** . intensifier neutral hpositive neutral wanted to neutral the responses / dialogues from hnegative npcs neutral neutral neutral positive clicked neutral the neutral npc and neutral my hpositive to positive what others positive to positive . **settings for : auto-advance neutral cutscenes neutral and neutral to neutral for hnegative voice-acted . ** intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral stared neutral the npcs neutral neutral for the neutral neutral positive " negative that neutral neutral hpositive positive " , neutral to positive that neutral neutral for neutral to neutral . neutral the flipside , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral missed neutral intensifier of neutral dialogues positive that auto-advance neutral neutral ( positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive the dialogues from negative neutral ) .
negator intensifier neutral qol neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral into neutral and crafters , letting them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral cooldown positive neutral pvp would neutral neutral negative how neutral nodes neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral neutral neutral cutscene neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral , and ones that neutral intensifier neutral they positive hnegative you neutral .
neutral neutral my fiancé neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral it'd neutral neutral if neutral neutral negative negative you could neutral neutral
neutral positive positive negative negative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral positive of neutral , if negative msq has negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral includes cutscenes .
and neutral neutral neutral neutral icons to neutral how neutral they neutral ? positive neutral to minutes , neutral hpositive negative to hpositive what neutral neutral committing to .
neutral positive positive neutral " thi neutral has neutral minutes / hours of cutscenes " lol .
sooooo neutral of them ?
would diminisher hpositive of neutral positive hpositive icons for the neutral neutral of neutral quests that neutral neutral neutral neutral for everyth from neutral leve neutral unlocks to neutral negative unlocks . the alliances and trials neutral thi neutral neutral called " neutral neutral neutral " positive neutral negative hnegative that neutral players and streamers neutral negator neutral neutral positive to the mmo neutral hnegative . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral when ffxiv 's neutral draws them neutral , and they neutral to " neutral neutral " . creating neutral neutral helps eleviate that neutral hnegative and neutral them neutral positive of hpositive .
negator becaus neutral neutral neutral hnegative
hmm… neutral dunno neutral thi guys . neutral neutral positive hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher reservations .
hnegative neutral . negative someth positive neutral would hnegative neutral
negative . neutral .
neutral msq , neutral neutral neutral cutscene bro
what would intensifier neutral positive positive if we could neutral negative negative to neutral cutscene negator having the neutral neutral we positive positive neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral pops when im neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral cutscene . of neutral neutral positive the positive neutral , neutral neutral breaks neutral if neutral neutral to neutral to neutral the neutral neutral progressing onto the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ya . we neutral intensifier neutral cutscenes , negative , neutral would diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of positive the positive of negative bubbles if neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral for those neutral negative neutral
that positive hpositive , hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
thi . the neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral , neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral cutscene neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative would neutral intensifier positive . you neutral positive neutral thi with neutral cuscenes neutral the positive neutral neutral pops neutral neutral neutral clicking positive - neutral negator we neutral neutral negator ? hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral cutscene positive neutral . neutral would hpositive things intensifier neutral hpositive when you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral that you queued neutral .
thi . neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral cutscenes negator neutral ( neutral : hnegative ) them would neutral thi positive hpositive .
negator the cleanest neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth you neutral hpositive neutral the cutscene and negative and neutral that neutral neutral . neutral if neutral gives you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the cutscene you neutral hpositive hnegative neutral , which restarts that neutral of the neutral and neutral 's you neutral the cutscene neutral
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral that you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral if neutral positive neutral negative neutral to neutral ) and you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral , the negative neutral unlocks ! neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral that neutral neutral of neutral quests positive negator neutral to positive to negative aether neutral .
neutral neutral and extremes neutral positive hpositive neutral negative of neutral the neutral , you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral them
to neutral they positive neutral neutral . if my friends would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral lol
what neutral you neutral ? neutral would negator negative neutral negative msq neutral until neutral quests , neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral from my neutral lul . when neutral started playing dure the negative neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral arr neutral msq until neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral via neutral neutral . " neutral neutral neutral neutral *spoiler* neutral elpis ? hnegative fam , neutral neutral to negative the neutral quests that popped neutral neutral we negative " .
stormblood 's neutral positive neutral has the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of " the neutral neutral " from deltarune and neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral appears .
neutral fuck neutral til . positive !
> neutral pops and neutral negator neutral becaus “ i'm positive ” neutral someth neutral those lines . the neutral neutral you could negator neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the positive cutscene moments that positive unskippable neutral you neutral warned neutral hpositive that neutral cutscene positive unskippable .
quests with neutral cutscenes neutral positive neutral negative neutral when you positive them
thi positive my neutral to positive ! neutral recorded the cutscene lengths for neutral the msq quests neutral
thi . neutral minutes ? that positive negator negative hnegative , neutral anyth neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral pushed neutral to neutral for that . neutral minutes ? that positive neutral neutral hnegative , and someth neutral positive intensifier positive to hpositive neutral neutral of neutral .
negative of things neutral of msq neutral cutscenes neutral .
neutral neutral those positive , neutral neutral quests neutral negator neutral those images and neutral neutral cutscenes .
neutral negative positive hnegative neutral .
the closest neutral positive retainers neutral you hpositive neutral neutral you neutral to neutral until you neutral the neutral . neutral would neutral neutral if shops would neutral someth positive ya
thi positive my neutral to positive ! neutral recorded the cutscene lengths for neutral the msq quests neutral neutral cutscenes neutral bolded and underlined
neutral would neutral intensifier positive to neutral neutral " neutral cutscene " negative . having neutral cs neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral would positive neutral negative if they implemented neutral , intensifier neutral would diminisher they hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral , neutral positive diminisher positive neutral into hpositive positive cutscenes neutral the negative for sidequests ( neutral you positive neutral neutral 'sidequest chains' ) .
becaus thi subreddit positive neutral neutral that thinks the neutral positive neutral
the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral npc / neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
thi positive my neutral to positive ! neutral recorded the cutscene lengths for neutral the msq quests neutral
neutral intensifier of neutral . neutral my neutral , neutral positive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral to negative my hnegative neutral , and diminisher parts of the msq neutral neutral diminisher multistop draggi .
if the neutral positive neutral neutral would negator you ?
neutral dps neutral , for starters multistop
the neutral tells neutral neutral neutral cutscenes positive neutral they neutral , warns neutral to positive neutral hnegative neutral , and gives neutral the neutral to neutral neutral if we negator hpositive the neutral for cutscenes neutral neutral . neutral , neutral negator ? neutral negator neutral we intensifier neutral neutral , neutral if neutral helps diminisher neutral , neutral negative they could hpositive neutral .
negator neutral . if neutral positive intensifier than neutral cutscene you neutral neutral negative . neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral cutscene that runs for , positive , neutral to neutral minutes , you neutral neutral negator .
neutral pop-up positive seconds , which neutral neutral cutscenes neutral neutral neutral than .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive negative suggested neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the cutscene negator having to neutral neutral .
and neutral neutral neutral cutscene positive has the " neutral neutral " negative , neutral my friends neutral neutral .
nevermind that , neutral positive looks negative neutral ( negator neutral to op )
neutral neutral endwalker neutral positive negative becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral of negative neutral sinc neutral negator neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
>it 's hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral these words positive to the uiception that positive the runescape submenus .
that positive neutral neutral neutral the negative msq neutral isn't ? neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral swtor neutral thi , neutral neutral cancels neutral the cutscene . neutral that neutral neutral choices that neutral light-side neutral dark-side choices , neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral if you positive hpositive neutral ds neutral neutral positive neutral ls jedi . multistop neutral you could neutral the neutral neutral neutral the options . neutral , hnegative , swtor neutral thi and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
disconnecting positive the neutral . neutral neutral that neutral > ! asahi neutral ! < neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral hpositive neutral
could you hpositive neutral ? my neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral meme neutral to negative neutral canceling and neutral intensifier of hpositive
neutral neutral positive to neutral thi neutral negative of hpositive , neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral via neutral neutral and when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the cutscene .
you negator negative msq negative and diminisher quests neutral diminisher neutral multistop
> negator the cleanest neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth you neutral hpositive neutral the cutscene and negative and neutral that neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive positive neutral and neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral the neutral of the cutscene , negator neutral to neutral neutral
lol you neutral " neutral neutral " .
the hnegative positive that you negator positive neutral if you neutral negative neutral neutral - and you negator neutral neutral neutral cutscenes .
neutral neutral the positive of heavensward where neutral , aether currents positive obtained neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral they neutral neutral rewards from the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier if you neutral currents , neutral neutral the neutral quests negator currents neutral , you neutral hnegative you positive negator neutral anyth .
that positive hpositive to hpositive ! neutral neutral positive avoiding neutral neutral the neutral neutral quests becaus neutral neutral negator positive having neutral neutral negator neutral positive clogging neutral my neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral . my positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral them neutral negative . and neutral hpositive neutral nope and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral takes positive hours to negative neutral the sidequests that neutral neutral when you neutral to neutral positive neutral if you neutral hoofing neutral . neutral neutral neutral imo . neutral positive neutral intensifier of sidequests that neutral with neutral of neutral events that hpositive would positive hnegative to neutral neutral and neutral positive months neutral lol .
neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral you reminded neutral neutral how distracting neutral positive to neutral that the rhalgr 's positive neutral positive hpositive the positive neutral 's neutral neutral neutral lang syne
neutral neutral neutral negative of 'normal' cutscenes ( negator neutral negative positive ) that you negator positive neutral neutral neutral of . positive ones where the neutral the neutral of the cutscene the neutral fades to negative and the neutral neutral / / hpositive neutral positive pops neutral neutral you neutral neutral gameplay , positive neutral positive you from neutral neutral neutral dure the cutscene neutral neutral to that with neutral neutral positive 'unable to neutral neutral neutral occupied' .
that positive hpositive negator neutral . neutral neutral you that for hnegative becaus the hnegative neutral neutral negator positive “ unskippable neutral ” , and neutral negator neutral my msq quests with neutral hpositive neutral from the neutral neutral neutral queuing with . defeats the neutral of accepting neutral neutral mid-cutscene
if you neutral referring to the " hnegative cutscenes positive neutral neutral neutral " neutral , that positive neutral neutral , negator skippability . if you neutral referring to someth neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral what neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative unskippable cutscene negative .
neutral , negative , that positive negative ! hpositive the neutral coding to neutral neutral which neutral the longest ones .
neutral !
thi , hpositive .
you neutral negator neutral that when neutral happens neutral the neutral of neutral neutral of neutral scenes .
brruuuuuhh ! thi positive *amazing* ! you neutral my neutral of neutral neutral mmoer !
neutral neutral intensifier referring to the neutral cutscenes , negator the ones that neutral warnings .
neutral neutral hpositive for the negative to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral cutscenes neutral swtor becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive that the neutral positive negative neutral positive the " neutral neutral " neutral hnegative of how positive the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral diminisher diminisher neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral ffxiv neutral neutral positive negative how hpositive diminisher aspects of that neutral positive , neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral for neutral to neutral with .
> neutral neutral that neutral > ! asahi neutral neutral ! < sounds positive you positive neutral hpositive neutral , to neutral .
neutral of the neutral reasons neutral negative to neutral intensifier positive if neutral neutral pops neutral they neutral neutral neutral cutscene and thi would negator neutral them to neutral intensifier
neutral vs neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral puts you neutral the neutral and neutral puts you neutral the neutral .
neutral = hnegative . you neutral to rewatch neutral negative neutral and the neutral progresses . canceling = neutral neutral . you would neutral to where you positive neutral you started the cutscene , and neutral would neutral neutral when you kicked hnegative the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral if the neutral you negative to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the cutscene positive for neutral neutral and you changed jobs
you negator positive neutral if you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral / neutral that you queued . if you queued neutral whm neutral neutral crp neutral neutral , for neutral , you neutral to neutral neutral to neutral to whm neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral .
you neutral with diminisher neutral positive . <wink wink>
neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral sidequests neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral experiencing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral negator negative to neutral them becaus positive the neutral positive neutral , and neutral positive positive to neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral them when neutral neutral them neutral .
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral ones ( the neutral ones ) , negator hnegative , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral of neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral for hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral positive to positive neutral the “ neutral neutral hpositive ” neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral the neutral , you neutral negator neutral mid-cutscene anymore . intensifier neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral hnegative of negator neutral positive to positive the neutral .
the negative positive neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral to positive positive neutral endwalker > ! neutral neutral tataru 's neutral and negative to npcs neutral neutral to you ! < neutral of those neutral of cutscenes neutral unskippable and you neutral warned neutral that neutral positive unskippable and positive neutral played neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative of these and neutral neutral neutral endwalker , neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative and neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier others neutral enjoyed the neutral neutral of neutral surprised neutral neutral , intensifier becaus neutral positive endwalker ( intensifier neutral neutral expectations and neutral the neutral neutral ) . they neutral neutral you with the " neutral cutscene neutral neutral neutral neutral " negative neutral neutral .
neutral you multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral that you positive neutral !
neutral just… neutral negator neutral quests that *could* positive into cutscenes neutral neutral for neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator positive neutral folks neutral negator hpositive someth neutral to neutral that positive negator neutral them “ neutral ” neutral the neutral neutral they neutral negative neutral neutral . fates , neutral crafting , neutral , positive with hnegative players , etc . questing ( intensifier msq'ing ) and queuing for neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negative to neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive someth neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral of neutral neutral the years sinc neutral started playing . neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral , idk .
positive positive for bioware positive choices amirite
neutral neutral neutral neutral pops *during* the cutscene and you neutral negator positive neutral " neutral " you neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the cutscene intensifier you neutral neutral neutral neutral . the intensifier negative positive when neutral pops hpositive neutral the cutscene starts neutral if you neutral " neutral " .
ah positive neutral you that would positive neutral intensifier neutral lol . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral time️ neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative lol
the neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral cutscenes neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral closing the neutral intensifier if neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral you ! that would neutral intensifier neutral positive : ' )
neutral , that positive hpositive .
could you neutral ?
ah gotcha ( neutral that you neutral neutral , neutral neutral that the doman neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of unskippable cutscenes that neutral negator hnegative of that , neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral queueing for anyth dure these quests . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
you negator neutral if you changed jobs , neutral
you neutral rewatch cutscenes neutral the neutral rooms with the positive neutral neutral . neutral gridania neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral tales>journey
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral if you neutral neutral the neutral mid-cutscene positive neutral cancels and puts you neutral neutral the neutral
and the unskippable cutscenes negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral pop-up .
plugins , neutral changes the " neutral " neutral neutral the neutral popup to positive " neutral neutral " if you arent the neutral neutral for the neutral switches neutral to " neutral " neutral you neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral with you neutral that they neutral neutral with letting neutral hpositive when someth positive unskippable . hpositive having that neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral would neutral hpositive with diminisher headaches .
neutral , hnegative negator neutral neutral cutscene positive hpositive neutral multistop diminisher positive multistop the neutral ones neutral negative ? neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you which ones you neutral rewatch neutral neutral negator negative ( neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier to neutral neutral the ones from positive neutral the neutral quests and neutral negative )
neutral you neutral to negative the neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral of cutscene positive neutral the cutscene and the neutral negative ( diminisher neutral , sinc neutral cutscenes neutral neutral the neutral / neutral neutral neutral neutral ) you neutral neutral neutral hnegative that , hoping you neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral hpositive of the negative neutral , neutral having to positive neutral neutral negator the hpositive neutral .
for neutral neutral neutral , the positive arises when neutral neutral queuing for neutral neutral and neutral to positive neutral neutral negative quests neutral neutral neutral . of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral cutscenes neutral neutral neutral neutral pops .
they neutral to , neutral neutral of my cutscenes neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , which diminisher sucks . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral the cutscene , neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral the cutscene positive neutral intensifier than seconds , neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the cutscene intensifier
to neutral neutral , they neutral hnegative you positive .
for neutral jobs . the videos neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive and intensifier helped neutral neutral my neutral .
you neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral to neutral hnegative players neutral npcs , neutral positive negator my positive hnegative intensifier tips for that neutral would negator neutral of neutral hpositive . positive neutral neutral positive neutral your neutral hpositive you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative / neutral with friends
for neutral guides neutral what neutral your abilities neutral and how they neutral with neutral hnegative , wesk alber 's youtube guides neutral neutral hpositive neutral . and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , jocat 's " negative neutral to healers " neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral leveled neutral neutral diminisher , neutral neutral ffxiv momo 's neutral and positive neutral guides neutral youtube . they positive neutral you neutral neutral gameplay .
thi positive neutral neutral to positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral positive started to neutral with intetion to neutral neutral , becaus neutral hpositive hpositive the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral you hpositive and neutral advices , neutral what neutral elementar things what neutral neutral . neutral neutral ffxiv positive negator neutral to neutral hpositive heal-bot . when you neutral , you should neutral neutral diminisher negative . my neutral positive that neutral positive intensifier negative with neutral , becaus our neutral positive continously neutral . neutral positive positive intensifier positive " neutral neutral " than " neutral neutral " . neutral neutral neutral confusing neutral negative levels , becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral spells . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral " adloquium " neutral " positive " . neutral nullifying negative . that neutral neutral that neutral ( and neutral hpositive to the neutral , neutral positive neutral of neutral positive ) has to neutral neutral and hpositive positive how to neutral neutral powers . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral hpositive levels . you neutral to neutral your positive neutral , that positive the positive ! / neutral neutral that positive positive using neutral negative strategies positive neutral . neutral would positive to hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral positive to neutral that diminisher neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral for hpositive neutral with - you positive neutral tanks that neutral neutral negative neutral you neutral neutral , you positive neutral tanks that neutral hpositive neutral pulling ( which positive the positive neutral ) , you positive neutral tanks that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , you positive neutral tanks that neutral hnegative neutral , etc . dure pulls , neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral 's hpositive and buffs / debuffs ( which healers should neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral ) , neutral neutral negative neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , that neutral you neutral neutral with them neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral means the neutral neutral they neutral , you positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative cooldown neutral the neutral neutral . thi positive intensifier hpositive for sch than for sge , sinc sge has neutral positive neutral . neutral sge what neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral when they neutral , aoe the mobs with dyskrasia neutral neutral , and positive if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral " neutral lines " dure pulls neutral helps neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative positive hpositive , you should neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive neutral negative neutral and you neutral they neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral your neutral to neutral neutral the neutral , neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral to neutral . for sch , mana neutral neutral neutral neutral if the neutral positive neutral shit and you neutral to gcd neutral neutral neutral . aetherflow gives neutral neutral mana neutral neutral , neutral that neutral cooldown . if you neutral negative aetherflow stacks neutral neutral neutral hnegative cooldown , neutral them neutral intensifier anyth , neutral neutral ( hpositive for negative ) , lustrates if neutral positive hnegative , soils if neutral positive neutral intensifier of raidwides , anyth that gets neutral positive hpositive than neutral them negative . neutral positive to positive neutral hpositive dreaming neutral neutral using aetherflow , that neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral of mana neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ethers neutral neutral neutral that positive negator negative ( neutral intensifier hpositive neutral your mana if you neutral and aetherflow / hpositive dreaming neutral neutral cooldown neutral ) hpositive neutral neutral to positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive for healers . neutral your negative tomestone neutral neutral negative neutral you neutral neutral hitting you positive neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral how hpositive neutral positive to neutral tanks neutral neutral you neutral the neutral neutral of your neutral to neutral , neutral , and legs neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive , positive gloves hats neutral , and positive accessories .
neutral positive my neutral neutral , neutral positive what you neutral to hpositive . neutral hnegative , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to the neutral of negative neutral . neutral gets neutral shields neutral and neutral neutral positive ogcd . you neutral adlo and positive neutral if you neutral intensifier negator neutral , neutral neutral positive negator to neutral . neutral , neutral what negative ogcd positive . neutral positive neutral of your spells that neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral with neutral . neutral neutral for neutral . neutral , neutral your neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral and you neutral hpositive . intensifier neutral positive how you neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral . neutral to positive neutral neutral negative . neutral starts neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral with them . neutral your positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral to neutral aertherflow . neutral neutral has neutral neutral you neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral of neutral when you neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive neutral regen . if neutral gets neutral neutral neutral when you neutral neutral , for neutral adloqueum . if your mana gets neutral neutral hpositive dreaming . if aetherflow positive positive to neutral neutral and you neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of the neutral positive neutral positive thi . hpositive neutral neutral positive to neutral ogcd heals neutral positive you neutral adloquem neutral positive when you neutral negator neutral . neutral you negative to neutral neutral hnegative ( neutral neutral of neutral if neutral positive to neutral intensifier enemies ) neutral neutral neutral neutral . trails positive neutral positive neutral the neutral positive negator neutral diminisher neutral neutral negative intensifier you neutral neutral intensifier hpositive with neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral abc for neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral deeper negative into neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral . neutral you .
neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive positive neutral of neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive neutral that . neutral neutral positive neutral npcs intensifier neutral could neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral with hnegative neutral . haha .
neutral you . neutral neutral neutral neutral to wesk alber 's neutral neutral abc of neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral deeper negative into neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral jocat neutral recommended neutral my neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral you .
neutral . from the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral dps positive . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral that . neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral becaus neutral heard positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral wanted positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher . neutral they hpositive the neutral , hpositive hpositive skins ? neutral neutral they positive neutral hpositive things ? the neutral neutral seems to neutral they neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral to intensifier neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative to neutral passed the neutral msq . haha . neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive positive hnegative and neutral for neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to intensifier neutral neutral neutral my neutral funnels . haha .
neutral hpositive wanted to neutral thi , neutral videos neutral intensifier neutral for newer players . my neutral has positive neutral into xiv neutral we neutral we neutral negator negative neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for things neutral that could neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral . weskalber has positive positive to positive intensifier than the basics neutral negator bogging him positive neutral neutral neutral things positive you positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative guides . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral the neutral neutral , " neutral positive your neutral to neutral negative , " and , " you neutral neutral gcd neutral , kys , " which positive hpositive when neutral neutral to neutral positive healers the neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hp for their neutral dps neutral negator positive multistop neutral levels of negator of neutral .
hpositive neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral . negator negative negator negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , the fairies positive hpositive powers , neutral neutral neutral they neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive skins positive . hnegative , hpositive neutral ! neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral astrologian .
positive diminisher neutral neutral if neutral would neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral positive ! neutral neutral neutral expectations you guys positive nidhogg neutral neutral neutral purple'ish positive negative ]
neutral nidhogg positive thi makes the neutral > ! ” dragons neutral aliens from dragonstar ” ! < subplot from ew positive intensifier positive . thi positive hpositive and intensifier hnegative !
positive neutral of the positive images of niddy neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral chances of neutral hpositive neutral img ? im neutral hpositive with thi neutral and hpositive neutral could neutral neutral my neutral bg , neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive when neutral positive neutral
nidhogg would neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
" nidhogg neutral ( neutral ) " ?
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negative multiexclamation
negative !
yo thi positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral !
dayum
nidhogg iii : positive neutral
neutral shit
nidhoooooooogg multiexclamation neutral positive neutral positive , neutral wyrm !
neutral , neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral . badass .
that amazing！
and~ my neutral has neutral positive neutral .
neutral intensifier multistop that would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
that positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral him neutral my neutral neutral my dnd neutral
you neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral of midgarsormr neutral neutral neutral .
positive negator the neutral neutral negative positive ?
neutral positive diablo vibes ( neutral neutral hpositive neutral ) .
neutral , neutral looks intensifier negative . the neutral neutral adds intensifier neutral to neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive positive .
neutral negator played ew positive neutral sounds positive : ooo
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of nihogg and neutral neutral .
hnegative negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative to hpositive prints of neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive with neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral intensifier positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral of my pets neutral nidhogg haha
lmao negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral : negative
neutral you multiexclamation neutral
positive multiexclamation
haha neutral you ! neutral neutral neutral neutral
yeh neutral
haha neutral neutral neutral neutral of diablo neutral that you positive that
neutral the holiest
my positive neutral neutral neutral
>look , neutral positive neutral backgro neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and positive !
neutral you ! : negative
neutral him hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral prints and hes gonna neutral my positive neutral for my booths neutral the neutral !
>ss neutral my dnd neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral hnegative ! positive neutral neutral neutral ffxiv neutral dnd neutral ?
neutral to neutral neutral >positive
neutral liberties : negative
neutral hpositive diablo intensifier im neutral to neutral neutral ! negative to neutral how neutral neutral neutral
neutral you for the neutral words ! neutral wanted to neutral neutral darker neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral shows ! \^\^
neutral positive mentioned neutral hw negative with neutral neutral negative et .
hey , negator hnegative neutral neutral ! hpositive neutral the hpositive neutral positive
neutral neutral for hnegative neutral ! positive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral to him neutral thi neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral of their neutral to neutral .
neutral that mentioned neutral hw ? neutral could neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral raids neutral sb .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral where tiamat tells neutral the dragons neutral to our neutral vs . neutral neutral .
neutral mentions neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral the neutral with eggs neutral diminisher neutral we neutral neutral iirc .
neutral , positive neutral the tiamat neutral .
uh multistop mio ?
ooh neutral neutral hpositive the neutral and vibe of thi neutral ! neutral negative and hpositive the neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral .
ooh thi positive intensifier positive . neutral positive neutral
negative . neutral neutral neutral those neutral neutral positive neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral
intensifier negative . neutral positive the hpositive negative and neutral highlights neutral her neutral and frisbees ( neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral positive what the intensifier neutral for neutral weapons positive )
hpositive .
neutral positive , positive to neutral neutral what subreddit thi neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral her , which positive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral . neutral her diminisher neutral
neutral you . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral online , neutral neutral neutral negator that hpositive with neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral credits for thi
to hpositive flyover neutral legislatures hnegative .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral with neutral dlcs diminisher months neutral neutral playing the neutral neutral for neutral hours . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
dancers neutral
nah , that positive how practicing neutral neutral ! you neutral neutral .
negative neutral positive neutral neutral positive , hpositive how hpositive my negative neutral positive neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral negative neutral hpositive sinc neutral neutral positive negator neutral them , neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral negative
ah , neutral neutral
" tenouttatenn ! hundredouttahundred ! " - neutral with neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral clicked neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral 's gonna neutral hildibrand positive negator neutral ? ' neutral negative neutral when neutral neutral neutral .
if you neutral neutral positive negative , neutral positive neutral hildibrand
neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive . intensifier and intensifier neutral neutral breaks the neutral neutral gets to the neutral neutral / neutral patches of the neutral neutral , neutral would neutral , intensifier with endwalker 's patches .
you neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral that you neutral hpositive with that neutral for your msq . intensifier of neutral positive positive hpositive sprouts . and you neutral neutral neutral for hpositive neutral the positive negative . neutral neutral neutral negative of discords to hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
you hpositive typed your neutral positive . neutral you neutral queing neutral neutral dps and sinc everyon wants to neutral neutral neutral negative ( negator negator hpositive negative mage ) the neutral gets neutral and neutral .
how positive thi neutral ?
neutral you positive neutral someth ? neutral intensifier solves ops hnegative , lol .
op neutral asking neutral the neutral neutral neutral than positive , negator asking for neutral neutral how to neutral neutral
op neutral neutral negator asking for you to neutral neutral my neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral negator hnegative your neutral neutral .
replaying arr ? neutral you diminisher neutral of neutral ?
the neutral neutral neutral neutral places , neutral neutral positive negator that hnegative
neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral and neutral than the hnegative expansions . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral connections to neutral expansions / noticing things you neutral negator neutral your neutral playthrough keeps neutral positive . hpositive neutral positive hpositive someth neutral neutral neutral neutral to where neutral neutral started neutral negative how neutral ends . arr positive negator neutral , neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral . neutral enjoyed my playthrough of arr intensifier than the tbh .
neutral positive positive neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral the ng+
onsal , neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral unless you neutral neutral positive intensifier inbalanced neutral comps neutral punished neutral hnegative
neutral . that neutral neutral positive hnegative !
positive ! neutral positive negator positive neutral negative ? neutral
where neutral the neutral neutral fans neutral ?
my hpositive frontline neutral ? neutral multistop neutral neutral onsal hakair/seal neutral ( they're neutral the neutral to neutral ) fields of positive ( neutral ) neutral 's neutral neutral ruins ( positive ) d=
neutral would neutral diminisher neutral positive than neutral
neutral positive positive intensifier than neutral tbh , neutral negative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral negator intensifier positive the neutral of shatter…
positive followed neutral neutral . positive positive negative negative borefest . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral mosh neutral of neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral objectives . and the objectives neutral negator intensifier positive hpositive to neutral neutral negative to hnegative maps . neutral 's neutral hnegative positive neutral . neutral positive intensifier diminisher neutral to neutral to objectives neutral hnegative teams territories . positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral . intensifier points neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gets the neutral ices and the neutral ices neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator positive onsal neutral neutral neutral where you positive neutral rewarded for neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral , onsal , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and positive positive . onsal hakair feelings intensifier uninteractive compared to the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral for neutral .
the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral fcs joined positive neutral positive the hnegative neutral , positive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and you positive hnegative , becaus everyon neutral positive the neutral actions of grabbing the neutral , neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral to neutral their neutral . the points awarded seemed intensifier positive for everyth . neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral to neutral and positive things if we neutral negator neutral neutral with the negative neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral frontlines neutral neutral neutral , neutral toward that neutral
my neutral positive positive positive neutral becaus neutral exp neutral neutral to frontlines neutral neutral the frontline neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral sucked neutral . neutral neutral sucks neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral for frontlines positive neutral neutral that neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive neutral hpositive than neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral hpositive neutral neutral / negative . neutral to neutral the naadam neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative for that neutral neutral your neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral diminisher non-glue sniffers positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of points / wins positive to the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive of the points . neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral pvp neutral neutral tbf—
positive for neutral . neutral feelings positive neutral you neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral the to neutral points neutral your neutral neutral
whaaaat , neutral hpositive positive and negative onsal . my neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive : positive neutral neutral onsal
hmmm positive neutral ? intensifier of hpositive that would neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for adjustments . positive neutral neutral neutral negator details positive .
that what they neutral neutral astragalos negative^ ) positive neutral for years neutral , neutral for intensifier hpositive reasons
negator .
neutral negative positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral negator neutral becaus negator neutral jobs neutral neutral negative unless you neutral neutral rping neutral intensifier , neutral neutral gives you xp , intensifier neutral positive hpositive your negative negative neutral .
neutral you neutral to neutral and neutral , the positive neutral for potsherds from neutral chests neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral to neutral thi neutral positive neutral , becaus neutral has negative neutral neutral of neutral options you positive negator neutral to neutral into your neutral neutral neutral you neutral those chests . healers positive whm and sge neutral neutral intensifier hpositive negative neutral neutral if you neutral intensifier hnegative playing positive neutral , negative the negative positive negator neutral neutral . tanks neutral the negative neutral of hnegative for neutral with diminisher mistakes positive hitting neutral and positive . neutral my hnegative , war>drk>gnb>pld neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral negative of neutral neutral and what you hpositive neutral hnegative to neutral . having neutral that , neutral neutral negator intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive for the neutral neutral of neutral potions . neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive for someth that positive negator neutral negative hpositive imo , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that becaus neutral neutral negator positive hnegative what your neutral neutral positive . if your neutral positive to neutral positive to you neutral hpositive neutral with neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral with ( positive neutral intensifier , when neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral with the pots neutral you neutral negator neutral that neutral ) and hpositive hpositive hnegative you neutral neutral neutral your potsherds neutral neutral sets . the neutral neutral that intensifier neutral neutral neutral pots neutral the negative dpsers hnegative , to neutral your negative neutral the positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral potions , neutral positive what neutral positive neutral if that positive my neutral positive and neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral speedrun neutral to neutral and from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my pomanders of positive / neutral to positive the neutral of neutral neutral chests , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to positive neutral of neutral neutral positive from neutral neutral
positive ! that neutral neutral neutral intensifier !
neutral you neutral with neutral of shadowbringers neutral hpositive thi positive hpositive intensifier we neutral neutral spoilers positive neutral negative terms neutral , shadowbringers neutral my positive neutral , and neutral intensifier of neutral positive the neutral . neutral neutral competes with endwalker for neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive shb intensifier neutral
shadowbringers positive the shackles of neutral the neutral neutral points of eorzea neutral and neutral into positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ascians which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative expac that ekes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral endwalker . neutral intensifier loved neutral to pieces .
neutral neutral - neutral intensifier , that positive what . neutral neutral neutral hnegative my neutral moments neutral the neutral and *it neutral negator intensifier stop* . neutral neutral neutral myself neutral hnegative for the positive , no-stakes neutral of the dragonsong neutral ( which neutral negator positive neutral no-stakes multiexclamation neutral neutral negative ? neutral ) . neutral positive negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral from the " feels positive endgame " parts of neutral kohlusia , mt gulg , the neutral that followed - everyth intensifier neutral , intensifier neutral neutral - and positive you neutral intensifier positive , positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral . the differences neutral neutral neutral mt gulg and the neutral neutral ? they neutral neutral negative neutral tracks , and the negative positive intensifier hpositive . neutral negator neutral neutral to the hnegative negator neutral the neutral hnegative neutral of what neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive , diminisher becaus neutral neutral negative neutral neutral where everyth neutral neutral , and neutral *hurt* . *so* . *much* . and positive everyth neutral that neutral hnegative diminisher intensifier . positive we hpositive the neutral and the neutral and neutral that neutral neutral ! neutral negative , the positive neutral neutral we neutral ? hnegative . neutral you neutral your neutral neutral sinc negative the neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral to positive , and neutral positive you positive neutral neutral , negative . neutral , neutral positive my positive neutral , neutral loved neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral for neutral and etc neutral , neutral hpositive intensifier positive neutral . neutral
neutral positive my positive neutral . the neutral , the neutral , the characters multistop neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral when neutral neutral started arr and neutral negator negative when neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral .
shb positive neutral neutral my positive neutral neutral stands neutral neutral neutral , neutral ew takes neutral . emet-selch positive negative neutral well-written negative neutral . neutral positive negator positive him . neutral
shb positive my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral positive neutral for neutral hpositive neutral .
negator the neutral shadowbringers , negator . neutral hpositive defeated emet selch .
the hpositive neutral to the shb neutral positive positive to neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral , neutral positive hpositive positive that neutral neutral the positive moments for neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral quests . neutral neutral negator positive diminisher the neutral negative that neutral intensifier of neutral neutral with emet-selch ( although neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral to neutral with ) , neutral parts of the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative ? neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral positive negative you negative neutral
ah , the hpositive neutral .
negative neutral !
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to haurchefant negative . hpositive neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral would neutral diminisher neutral books
the hpositive neutral
the neutral the neutral the neutral
negative neutral
neutral neutral looks positive neutral with neutral neutral .
neutral feelings positive dsr neutral you neutral him . the negative neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral him neutral neutral hnegative to the neutral and neutral positive negative to neutral neutral positive .
thi positive negator hpositive . neutral positive negator impaled
hpositive
neutral horsefart positive hpositive !
neutral hpositive played thi neutral neutral neutral , and my neutral and neutral positive intensifier shocked
\*the neutral neutral
intensifier positive neutral draw-chefant .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral
hehe
> ! neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral neutral moments neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dst . ! <
dragonsong neutral would neutral to differ…
negative negative .
that intensifier slayed neutral . multistop neutral hpositive , neutral neutral hnegative .
hpositive ! neutral , neutral would neutral neutral you to neutral neutral from the comments positive neutral ffxiv subs neutral neutral to neutral spoilers , hnegative , if you neutral negator neutral neutral spoilers , positive neutral to negative thi neutral .
if you hpositive , you hpositive .
hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive that you neutral someth and your neutral neutral negative breaks neutral you *even flinch* .
neutral neutral negator neutral they could hnegative neutral with the > ! tempering of dragons ! < neutral neutral we neutral and neutral neutral *hurt . *
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the feels
positive , neutral neutral negator hpositive positive for spoilers , neutral positive diminisher neutral them , neutral neutral positive negator someth neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral .
the negative positive neutral the neutral neutral
yall . neutral .
from the neutral neutral positive the negative of my neutral , neutral negative neutral .
thi neutral neutral negator neutral .
hpositive neutral zenos 's neutral to meteion positive to neutral . neutral neutral negator positive that neutral neutral for neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral needed neutral from neutral neutral . neutral lives becaus neutral feelings positive neutral , neutral you that positive neutral . neutral vibe with that intensifier hnegative . years of hnegative episodes and hnegative attacks and neutral stabbed neutral the neutral neutral friends neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral baaaad neutral neutral hpositive . neutral you that positive neutral positive the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral with my neutral and pulling someth neutral neutral of the negative , neutral for negator hnegative neutral than to hnegative my neutral negative neutral becaus neutral seemed positive . neutral that positive how neutral positive to neutral hpositive neutral positive , negator having neutral hpositive neutral to neutral hpositive and neutral hpositive neutral intensifier positive to neutral neutral . zenos neutral neutral neutral the darkest neutral and hnegative “ wassup neutral neutral has neutral thumbs and neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and lets neutral thi negative neutral neutral my neutral ! ” hyped neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative to neutral .
> ! the ghosts neutral the stairs ! < thal 's balls neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral positive positive neutral of the npcs neutral hpositive the memories of negator intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral from negative , intensifier thi neutral neutral has positive multistop intensifier hnegative . lmao . that positive negator to positive neutral struggled to neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive than the neutral shb positive . neutral neutral neutral of ew and post-ew has neutral of positive neutral to neutral my neutral fears , intensifier when they neutral presented to neutral neutral neutral and hnegative . the neutral and nibirun positive neutral neutral of the hardest for neutral . the neutral becaus they positive neutral hyperintelligent and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations positive to the neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral , " and the nibirun becaus they positive achieved hnegative and negative and positive bored with neutral . these neutral things intensifier , intensifier messed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral . becaus neutral positive neutral what neutral " hpositive " vs what neutral " negative . " neutral neutral hpositive that the neutral neutral , positive neutral for the " neutral of the neutral " positive neutral neutral and if neutral of thi positive doomed to neutral neutral neutral ? neutral negator that hpositive neutral of thi sorta hnegative ? neutral the neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral to neutral hpositive . neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral , to neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral that allows everyon to neutral neutral they negative to neutral ? which raises the negative of multistop what positive the neutral positive ? neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral and neutral if we neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral negator my neutral fears neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ? what happens when neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral of neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive neutral the positive of neutral neutral neutral ? albeit , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral cares neutral hpositive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral we neutral neutral hpositive recycled . neutral neutral we neutral neutral , neutral , and neutral , and neutral . neutral of positive the aetherial neutral , neutral negator the neutral of neutral lives . hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral ew ? neutral wanted to neutral cryogenically neutral ( hpositive neutral neutral of neutral negative positive neutral positive neutral , ) neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral that when neutral positive my neutral ? neutral neutral gonna neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that grows neutral neutral from neutral . neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral to the neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative and neutral thi negative neutral neutral . neutral negator negative neutral the neutral and neutral negator negative neutral my hnegative ; neutral gotta neutral neutral and when the neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral my neutral to the neutral that helped hpositive thi neutral neutral . gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral , intensifier yall positive your neutral apples when the neutral neutral .
when neutral played ew , neutral neutral having that neutral of neutral negator negative neutral . neutral hpositive neutral , and positive neutral , and replaying , neutral hits intensifier hnegative , hurts intensifier neutral , neutral neutral shows that diminisher of neutral that positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral the deepest hnegative . neutral the neutral !
hpositive , neutral neutral negator . ew 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral my neutral experiences with negative , negative , and neutral negative . thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive that neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral ew , neutral positive positive diminisher neutral decades' neutral of neutral neutral and neutral with my positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator positive hpositive . neutral you neutral that if neutral positive played thi when neutral neutral neutral teenager , neutral when my hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral .
when venat asked if my neutral positive positive positive and worthwhile , neutral started neutral becaus neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral addressed to neutral neutral irl . neutral neutral with negative and neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive hpositive negator neutral to anyth . neutral neutral when neutral positive intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral myself that neutral that neutral neutral hpositive answered “ positive ” to that negative neutral neutral accounts , from the negative of my negative .
my neutral fixated neutral the hnegative aspects and for neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral intensifier hnegative neutral . neutral with the loporrit neutral quests . the neutral neutral intensifier positive negator neutral neutral the neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , intensifier negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative the neutral when neutral neutral the dungeons .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral could negative with meteion 's hnegative neutral hpositive , neutral neutral the neutral neutral ew positive neutral neutral neutral negative cutscenes involving neutral and babies neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral the neutral of neutral negative to neutral neutral - negator hnegative neutral neutral means , neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral positive to ffxiv . neutral neutral neutral and positive gold-star neutral neutral neutral positive negator groundbreaking and neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral into the negative itself to positive neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral of neutral that *has* succeeded neutral that positive bojack neutral , which neutral neutral negator neutral becaus neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral negative and neutral positive my how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral . ew elicited negator negative thing… which positive hpositive . that positive neutral negative neutral for negative mmo that positive neutral to neutral positive neutral . …… positive , neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral *pissed neutral off* neutral mishandling neutral emotions intensifier neutral that neutral intensifier doomed the neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral positive that neutral irl , neutral neutral their how neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative negative for their shitty positive ( neutral neutral neutral neutral whined neutral shit and negator neutral to hnegative anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral ) . having positive that neutral neutral and sinc neutral medicated for neutral , neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral for neutral negative of hnegative . intensifier neutral negative that positive the neutral neutral ew positive neutral to my negative - neutral neutral with , and neutral negative from , hermes-type neutral . neutral the neutral , ew 's neutral positive neutral and hpositive and looks neutral hpositive with hpositive . that positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive and neutral with which neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral diagnosed with negative hnegative negative neutral diminisher years neutral intensifier the neutral of hnegative and negative positive someth neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral from *everything positive fine* to *nothing positive fine* positive someth neutral hpositive neutral . neutral hnegative of that , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive the neutral neutral of elpis neutral neutral neutral with the meteia neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator measures to neutral for the meteia encountering neutral neutral hnegative worlds , if their aether neutral negator intensifier neutral they would neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for positive environments . neutral intensifier neutral them door-to-door neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral for the positive . neutral hpositive that positive neutral neutral of the neutral , the ancients positive intensifier near-perfect borderline-godlike that neutral and neutral systems for negative positive intensifier negative concepts to them . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative of him . if neutral would neutral anyon neutral to hpositive with the meteia they hnegative neutral neutral the flaws neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral that neutral of sharing everyon neutral 's " neutral negator thi positive hnegative " neutral to meteion having neutral meltdown , neutral neutral neutral develops neutral self-destructive positive with her neutral neutral hnegative of everyth neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral him . neutral , neutral hated moenbryda when she neutral introduced neutral the arr patches . ew neutral neutral positive neutral neutral shit .
neutral 's hpositive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , intensifier for meteion .
diminisher neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative multistop neutral neutral and the neutral 's discussions neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and solving those issues with others multistop neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral anyon and caused neutral to positive neutral intensifier neutral which positive neutral multistop idk multistop " neutral " ? multistop for my negative states multistop neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral positive hnegative .
endwalker positive intensifier negative neutral that positive addressing negative / / negative and positive . neutral positive neutral , whose hpositive emotions and hpositive for hnegative beings clashed with neutral neutral 's ideals and neutral intensifier neutral itself , negative him to negative neutral neutral , and neutral to hpositive the neutral of neutral . neutral neutral and neutral lives . neutral could negator positive others , and others could negator positive him neutral . neutral neutral wants to , and neutral ends neutral neutral him neutral intensifier . neutral negative , neutral wanted to positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral the neutral of my emotions positive hpositive from others and neutral neutral neutral . and if neutral positive neutral to my neutral , if neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? the meteia neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive against their neutral negative , what positive with the hivemind and the negative . to positive neutral the hnegative and negative of worlds and worlds , to hpositive neutral that everyth neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of their neutral and the neutral to their negative neutral positive negative negative negative , how could neutral negator neutral neutral them to neutral neutral ? and neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive to themselv , neutral to neutral others , sinc they neutral the means neutral neutral . how neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive intensifier overwhelmed and could neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral . how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral would neutral neutral that the neutral would hpositive neutral intensifier my negative could negative ? when neutral neutral arrived and neutral neutral into monsters , neutral neutral becaus their negative emotions neutral neutral of neutral . diminisher of their neutral neutral negative , hpositive instincts . how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus my emotions positive neutral of neutral negative ? negative neutral to neutral . neutral , neutral could negator hpositive neutral . neutral could negator neutral my emotions . and how neutral neutral negator neutral into monsters ? neutral neutral onto positive , neutral negator neutral neutral to the negative emotions , to the hnegative , to the negative . when you hpositive how to neutral them neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive . if neutral positive neutral to hpositive you , to neutral you , neutral positive hpositive . when you neutral neutral positive , neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral . neutral neutral , thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations positive negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations positive neutral . neutral your friends , neutral those neutral positive neutral you and walked with you neutral your neutral . with neutral neutral neutral expectations you negative ( the negative of ) negative . neutral the negative neutral whose neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive neutral of neutral neutral with you believes you neutral positive thi . post-endwalker neutral negative neutral spoilers : > ! from the neutral of negative , neutral neutral neutral expectations gives neutral to positive neutral . neutral positive hpositive how you negative to neutral your neutral . neutral if you positive ( programmed / ) hpositive to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral . we neutral neutral . ! < neutral you neutral neutral neutral , neutral , endwalker intensifier resonated intensifier . neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral endwalker intensifier neutral hpositive hpositive reinforces neutral intensifier of the messages that neutral drilled into myself to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive , neutral my neutral , hpositive neutral for counselling . neutral neutral hnegative negator neutral happened if thi neutral positive diminisher hpositive positive counselling .
neutral positive helped neutral neutral neutral and that neutral neutral allowed to hpositive hpositive neutral and hpositive positive friends neutral if we neutral neutral our neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative becaus of how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and the negative neutral positive from neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . negative , the neutral neutral positive intensifier positive to the neutral neutral my positive positive neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral her neutral . intensifier , thi neutral neutral has positive multistop positive to neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral from negative neutral neutral years of neutral and neutral positive to positive neutral hpositive having hpositive neutral mechanisms neutral neutral negative neutral neutral my neutral . " that 's neutral negative neutral , neutral thi positive neutral ! " " neutral negative empath into the negative negative neutral of neutral multistop thi positive neutral hnegative positive . they neutral neutral neutral neutral with negative and neutral . " " ffs neutral him neutral to the intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier positive negator hnegative anyth neutral our feelings . " if anyth , neutral neutral , neutral showed neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative the negative spirals neutral neutral neutral intensifier inclined to hpositive them neutral to negative myself . thi positive neutral neutral to stardew neutral when neutral romanced the neutral shane . neutral positive to neutral playing becaus neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive my neutral ( neutral neutral ) that neutral negative neutral flashbacks . that neutral years neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
playing endwalker neutral neutral positive someth that neutral positive positive neutral to hpositive my neutral neutral neutral playing . neutral neutral with hnegative neutral hnegative and adhd , and neutral neutral neutral of my neutral . what endwalker hpositive neutral , intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral that hpositive positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive . positive negative , neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral bursts neutral neutral neutral stints . neutral you neutral neutral months negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral that neutral negator neutral they positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of " neutral hpositive " neutral negator hpositive neutral positive becaus hpositive neutral negator neutral with you neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral , neutral the neutral . you neutral negator neutral to neutral for negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral where you hpositive that hpositive positive negator neutral you neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral . neutral , neutral neutral from negative neutral negator neutral that you neutral neutral someth hnegative , negative neutral diminisher neutral positive to positive hpositive neutral neutral negative for hpositive . " negative exists , and we neutral negator negative negative . negator neutral , hnegative neutral , could neutral neutral . if we would neutral , we positive positive neutral neutral our negative neutral . " these positive the words that changed things for neutral . neutral positive positive intensifier neutral neutral stressing , neutral , and neutral neutral opportunities and missed opportunities to neutral outcomes that would " positive to hpositive " negator positive that that positive negator how neutral neutral . hpositive positive neutral positive . neutral when neutral neutral . neutral hnegative when neutral neutral . neutral neutral to hpositive neutral for hpositive , and hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive positive negator neutral neutral the neutral of your neutral , negator positive negative . they , neutral of them , neutral neutral neutral , and you neutral neutral hnegative that they positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive their neutral . with that neutral , neutral your eyes to the neutral , negative that neutral of them positive neutral besid you , and neutral your positive and your legs toward someth positive .
neutral positive neutral attacked playing ew , and the neutral has negative intensifier and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive they positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral monsters and hpositive neutral monsters negator negative how hnegative they neutral . everyon neutral starts positive into their negative neutral neutral to neutral hpositive from neutral neutral neutral dies the neutral neutral they positive negative hpositive to neutral that you neutral neutral neutral and that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral yourself neutral with matsya neutral with the neutral . neutral everyth they neutral could to hpositive neutral neutral and positive they intensifier hnegative neutral having estinein neutral neutral and neutral them and neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive matsya hpositive from their negative . neutral could neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral your hnegative moments you neutral hpositive the positive to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral from ew , that positive neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral negative hnegative hpositive dure the neutral neutral positive to neutral limits and neutral constraints neutral positive hpositive : ' ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) neutral : neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . negator of thi " neutral the neutral ! " neutral " neutral the negative ! " neutral . neutral neutral with meteion the neutral neutral positive " yup nope that would neutral neutral " lol . if anyth , neutral intensifier illustrated to neutral how hnegative my negative positive positive , neutral meteion and neutral ( neutral neutral intensifier begrudgingli hpositive and intensifier neutral to neutral my neutral ) . the cutscenes neutral and neutral the endsinger neutral intensifier *ripped neutral into pieces* . neutral neutral neutral to the neutral to hermes' neutral to her hpositive to neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral that neutral where my neutral , hpositive and neutral wol positive neutral meteion 's hands into neutral neutral . neutral . positive . neutral fuckin . neutral .
neutral neutral negator . neutral negative into neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative eliminates neutral neutral negative neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and what neutral neutral with neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive negative for neutral neutral positive ends and neutral neutral negator hnegative with neutral neutral negative in-universe neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative for negative endwalker diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral positive intensifier hnegative and meteion positive intensifier hnegative neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive positive negator the neutral positive neutral shb . she hpositive neutral from negator , neutral things hpositive becaus , introduces neutral positive neutral from negator we negator positive neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral positive hpositive checkmarking hnegative neutral 's neutral of " neutral hnegative neutral " and neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral the neutral hnegative neutral of ew positive with emet . neutral learns , of neutral negative neutral , that everyth neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral wanted to neutral . and for that we neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral cutscene ? neutral lines ? neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral hnegative . neutral neutral with negator neutral to neutral , negator neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral what neutral could / should neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive meteion neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral negator intensifier positive with neutral neutral that neutral , neutral positive neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral of counseling has neutral neutral , neutral multistop neutral neutral " neutral " positive the neutral neutral for neutral multistop neutral of retreated these themes and emotions when neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral myself . negator of neutral neutral positive neutral groundbreaking to neutral , neutral neutral neutral thoughts neutral neutral , and negator intensifier ones neutral would negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral intensifier than positive to negative - neutral intensifier that neutral positive to neutral to neutral cutscenes neutral the neutral ( anyth to neutral with zenos , neutral neutral negator positive him ) intensifier neutral could negative neutral hnegative neutral . that neutral , neutral positive sections neutral enjoyed . neutral neutral neutral positive invested neutral the garlemald positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive and positive with the negative of neutral neutral neutral intensifier than anyth neutral thi neutral has neutral . elpis neutral neutral hpositive for the negative neutral hpositive characters , and neutral neutral the neutral of hnegative topics .
endwalker neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral that hnegative , diminisher , neutral neutral , positive to the neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher neutral my negative neutral neutral neutral . positive shadowbringers neutral neutral intensifier . ryne 's neutral neutral dure that xpac neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral playing neutral . neutral intensifier neutral when neutral neutral having neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral happened to neutral rewatched the neutral where she neutral with minfilia and neutral neutral neutral helped neutral positive hpositive .
councilingway negative neutral negator neutral neutral needed intensifier neutral hnegative for neutral lmao
neutral intensifier sucked . positive neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral positive positive my friends , girlfriend positive neutral with neutral intensifier endwalker and asphodelos neutral neutral stained neutral neutral neutral neutral playing thi neutral neutral to neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral how endwalker makes neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that and neutral positive what positive .
struggled with hnegative negative from ages to and positive neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ew . neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral . and neutral neutral neutral from negative issues . neutral everyon positive hpositive . if you negative to neutral someth neutral intensifier hnegative , negative and neutral neutral negative neutral the manga negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral heard neutral positive helped others neutral neutral neutral with their negative . neutral neutral warned neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative and negative manga .
neutral positive the pacing of the neutral neutral negator the neutral positive to diminisher of the messages they positive neutral to positive . positive , neutral neutral we needed negative neutral neutral shb and ew . neutral the neutral of the radz neutral neutral / thavnair attacks dure the neutral neutral neutral neutral alisae neutral someth positive , " we negator neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation " when these neutral positive hpositive neutral their friends and neutral transformed into hnegative beasts and positive neutral killed positive minutes neutral . neutral positive okay and neutral encouraged to neutral neutral to neutral positive hnegative intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral positive what the neutral neutral neutral neutral despair/depression neutral the neutral of blasphemies neutral positive intensifier hnegative . the neutral neutral positive negator " positive hpositive neutral " to neutral negative positive transformed into blasphemies , the neutral for which positive your neutral hpositive poofing into negator , negator lifestream , negator negator . positive ishikawa multistop ?
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral describing negative neutral neutral . neutral and neutral neutral neutral monologues neutral hnegative , neutral intensifier than neutral negative to neutral the neutral neutral , to the neutral that neutral neutral " hnegative " to neutral to neutral neutral them . neutral neutral negative of neutral mechanisms / hpositive and neutral hpositive becaus neutral positive ffxiv that neutral positive neutral to positive to negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive intensifier neutral neutral wallowing neutral negative and negator refuting neutral .
tbh , neutral diminisher teared neutral when the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral thavnair . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive thi neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral words could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with ( positive ) intensifier neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative their children . neutral positive neutral negator positive thi neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral to meteion neutral neutral intensifier positive : " c'mon , neutral , we negative you to neutral ! neutral , you neutral neutral to diminisher neutral voices and positive how positive your positive neutral ! " nope , neutral negator neutral , neutral negator neutral becaus of neutral they would negator neutral the scions . and of neutral we positive neutral to negative the neutral neutral thi neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier impactful when we positive garleans neutral . the neutral garlemald positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , although hnegative and intensifier hnegative
neutral positive to neutral and neutral hnegative things for neutral neutral neutral positive myself to neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive . neutral could neutral what the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral annoyed neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral playing . neutral neutral negator positive endwalker and that positive neutral becaus neutral neutral negative neutral into negative and neutral negative to neutral .
neutral played arr-ew neutral the positive of months , and ew positive my neutral positive neutral . garlemald and neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive how to positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier " meta " to neutral . the positive " everyon positive neutral and neutral positive " neutral positive for powering neutral neutral intensifier neutral . the negative of hpositive they positive emet positive neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral teenager and negator negative positive neutral . neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral radz and neutral hnegative diminisher negative shirts ( positive neutral neutral neutral quests , they neutral neutral neutral ) . lopporits positive negative neutral to the neutral of negator neutral positive to neutral them positive ( compared to moogles neutral pixies ) . negator stakes neutral . neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral of shadowbringers , they neutral managed to hpositive neutral positive neutral wol neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to the pc . the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral of ew positive if they neutral neutral to neutral zenos .
positive , neutral positive positive to neutral the neutral expansions diminisher *prepared* neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral thi negative neutral endwalker , and positive neutral neutral the *scions* neutral to that neutral negative , neutral and negative neutral neutral that neutral *me* neutral of how neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral how they neutral positive and positive , empathetically and positive positive neutral with the positive and neutral " can't that neutral neutral ? neutral ? " these neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral , if negator neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral them neutral neutral , and neutral that neutral if neutral negator neutral them neutral that negative , neutral neutral neutral from their ordeals neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral with negator of neutral , positive and hpositive to overthink things . positive neutral neutral alphinaud hnegative neutral , if negator neutral , neutral to neutral positive neutral the neutral of > ! arr . ! < neutral for him to positive neutral playing to neutral strengths and staying neutral neutral neutral from > ! hw / neutral . ! < neutral neutral > ! lyse ! < neutral the positive of neutral , negative neutral neutral and positive positive ( neutral the neutral of positive expectations that neutral neutral against her , neutral and neutral of neutral ) , and neutral " neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator fending hnegative negative hpositive neutral . my circumstances neutral neutral parallels , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive to neutral them negator the hnegative of neutral / neutral " . ( neutral , positive , neutral positive > ! lyse . ! < fite neutral and neutral that ) and that positive hpositive the scions , you hpositive ? neutral ( to neutral neutral 's positive ) could negator neutral myself to negative > ! neutral . ! < where neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and negator neutral would neutral that neutral . negative , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral > ! venat ! < ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tears for ) neutral negator negative him , and she positive the neutral neutral positive neutral with the neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral ( neutral 's hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral ) . neutral would neutral neutral neutral mistakes and neutral neutral feelings , if our roles positive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral for him and neutral hnegative , negative what neutral neutral neutral for him , negative neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ( that neutral would neutral myself if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ) . thi positive to positive negator of neutral > ! meteion . ! < neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral positive to neutral with to neutral endwalker neutral neutral neutral , and if neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator for neutral . neutral neutral of that , neutral positive negative parallels that neutral could negator hpositive neutral neutral from and positive upon . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral neutral diminisher answers your negative .
umm multistop neutral negative neutral positive method-acted the neutral of the neutral neutral staying neutral to negative neutral , from to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral pre neutral and neutral neutral positive , intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral positive neutral the loneliest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral ? neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral positive started the neutral with neutral neutral hpositive neutral who'd neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral to the neutral neutral . we positive neutral hpositive holidayed neutral diminisher weeks neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral and neutral endwalker neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative when the neutral neutral neutral positive positive would neutral . neutral positive neutral how they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( positive , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral ) , and neutral amplified the feelings neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier negative positive neutral the neutral neutral that neutral . the neutral venat neutral neutral neutral hpositive they would neutral neutral neutral diminisher ancients neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . diminisher of the neutral lines neutral neutral , positive neutral the neutral when they " sacrificed " themselv neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral him intensifier hnegative with my neutral ( neutral miqotes ) . and hpositive the neutral neutral intensifier liked and neutral intensifier invested with shadowbringers than endwalker . the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral ew neutral when urianger neutral moenbryda 's parents . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral friends / lovers , intensifier thi neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral estinien neutral neutral neutral , neutral that hnegative hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the expansions heavensward / / shadowbringers > endwalker / / stormblood > arr . endwalker neutral hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier neutral with negative , and neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative for myself , neutral neutral hpositive that , negative . neutral neutral positive numbed neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral from my neutral neutral . neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier invested with shadowbringers than endwalker neutral neutral they neutral positive " neutral of the neutral " vibes neutral neutral . neutral negator intensifier neutral my neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative . with zodiark , they intensifier neutral him neutral neutral shadowbringers , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral that , neutral hpositive neutral positive we positive negative overpowered . neutral if they chunked zodiark intensifier neutral someth , neutral it'd neutral hpositive . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral endwalker , intensifier idk if thi neutral neutral neutral changes . the neutral neutral with meteion neutral diminisher hnegative and pulled neutral my hnegative strings negative the neutral they neutral shes neutral with dynami . neutral neutral positive , " neutral negator " . neutral idk , neutral if they negative intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier , positive neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier negative and invested . neutral , with neutral neutral positive negative and has negative , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral , shadowbringers neutral that intensifier . neutral bawled positive neutral neutral for that neutral positive neutral intensifier . endwalker positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral which , idk if that positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral to positive how neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral someth . ive neutral debated neutral replaying neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral my positive neutral intensifier shocked with how negative neutral neutral toward the neutral . hpositive , thi adds diminisher neutral neutral , neutral .
negator gonna neutral , neutral hnegative neutral intensifier , neutral neutral positive positive to positive neutral helped neutral neutral neutral could positive neutral with meteion 's feelings of having negative neutral neutral everyth neutral neutral how things neutral intensifier neutral to shit positive , neutral neutral of nuking everyth neutral the neutral , neutral hpositive wanted to neutral neutral neutral what neutral hpositive positive neutral that hnegative neutral the hnegative neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive things to neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral meteoin neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral , and neutral the neutral of endwalker , neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral neutral ( what neutral negator hpositive that neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral lol ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier problems neutral neutral to neutral neutral ( hnegative from hnegative amounts of neutral , hnegative failures neutral positive to neutral with neutral hpositive moments and having neutral neutral negative hnegative of myself , among hnegative things ) , neutral to neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of my issues neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral helped neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that meteion ends neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral and neutral makes neutral hnegative negative
neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral with negative : " neutral positive negator hpositive neutral , neutral negator neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral hpositive , negator neutral words to hpositive neutral neutral hpositive positive . you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative you . " neutral things neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral endwalker , the neutral neutral venat asking if our neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral to neutral neutral that negative neutral the neutral of the neutral , to neutral myself if neutral positive enjoyed my neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative thoughts neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral alphinaud and alsiae neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , when they neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral with parting words , " neutral neutral to you to neutral the neutral neutral , and the neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral that . " neutral neutral to what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive you neutral the neutral . you neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral eyes neutral thi neutral , neutral you what
for neutral neutral neutral hpositive loads and loads of positive for metion and neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral the similarities neutral neutral and my neutral ( bc neutral would neutral neutral collapsed neutral that ages neutral ) and neutral the neutral hpositive for what neutral positive .
neutral *completely* positive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator negative to , neutral neutral neutral . becaus , hey , if neutral of these creatures neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive to neutral ? what positive neutral we passed ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral *hurt . * neutral neutral neutral to elpis negator diminisher neutral what elidibus positive neutral . when neutral neutral neutral and hythlodaeus , when neutral realized that elpis neutral negative neutral *zone , * neutral started to positive . neutral neutral neutral expectations positive neutral hnegative neutral for neutral with negative , neutral neutral neutral . neutral held neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral could neutral what neutral needed to neutral , neutral positive to neutral neutral , *and* neutral positive to neutral neutral positive timeline for my neutral , my positive , neutral . neutral wanted to positive neutral him from the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral from the neutral and neutral neutral neutral to hpositive . neutral neutral *overjoyed* when neutral neutral neutral mom and she negative neutral my " neutral neutral intensifier from the neutral " neutral . neutral positive , thi positive neutral . thi positive my hpositive . neutral neutral neutral them neutral from what positive neutral . neutral neutral *thrilled* to neutral thi hpositive , to neutral with my friends and neutral them my hpositive . neutral held onto that neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral kairos , becaus neutral neutral neutral mom neutral . neutral neutral she could neutral them , from the shadows . and when neutral neutral from elpis , that neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral . neutral realized that neutral my efforts positive changed negator , positive neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral **crushed . ** neutral neutral hnegative to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and my neutral neutral to neutral , and held neutral , and positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral continuing . she positive neutral negator to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . she positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral the writers and neutral the neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral of for intensifier neutral . neutral asked her if neutral could intensifier neutral . if neutral could intensifier neutral the neutral of positive , the neutral of neutral , if neutral positive to neutral neutral to the neutral . her neutral neutral positive . that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive , that neutral neutral negator negative if neutral needed hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral neutral rewarded for that neutral with the neutral of the hnegative and with neutral and neutral neutral with my positive , neutral my positive , neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral that . neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral my neutral neutral - when my neutral and friends neutral to ra-la , neutral neutral the neutral to neutral them the neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral . negative hnegative for my negative positive to neutral neutral . intensifier that positive what neutral positive neutral of neutral . neutral neutral things neutral neutral hnegative neutral they could , and neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral , neutral thi has intensifier neutral to neutral than neutral hnegative to others becaus neutral neutral neutral celebrating neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral intensifier hpositive parts of my neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral has neutral neutral diminisher neutral for you . neutral you neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral my hottest neutral . neutral neutral liked fandaniel / neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier than emet . neutral neutral intensifier relat to neutral , neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral for kitesis .
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral didn't ? that positive negator to positive neutral neutral negator positive things , neutral unless the neutral tries to hpositive neutral myself neutral ( positive neutral vn neutral 's positive ) neutral neutral hnegative to hpositive the connections required to neutral those neutral cuts . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral intensifier third-person . if that makes positive ?
neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral of neutral that has resonated intensifier intensifier with neutral . negator neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral of troubles neutral per neutral , neutral becaus of how neutral the neutral has positive neutral neutral . if neutral neutral deeper into my feelings neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher the specifics that positive neutral , and intensifier the neutral , neutral emotions and moods , the themes . neutral negator positive neutral has neutral answers for neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral positive , neutral neutral positive hnegative positive intensifier positive negative .
neutral neutral negative hnegative negative and neutral negative negative . negator positive someth you neutral neutral hpositive yourself of . neutral positive , you neutral to neutral with neutral , to positive neutral . neutral positive your negative neutral , for hpositive neutral hnegative . the neutral of the neutral of neutral and their hpositive neutral has positive neutral neutral of positive to neutral . thi neutral amplified intensifier neutral stronger neutral endwalker , neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral expectations versu negative . neutral neutral stands neutral the neutral to neutral , and has helped neutral the neutral : " neutral neutral neutral neutral , lives neutral and neutral . neutral neutral toward the negative . and neutral that neutral neutral , they neutral for the neutral to the negative : neutral , negative neutral , neutral they neutral to neutral , to neutral ? neutral neutral , neutral beings , your positive neutral never-ending neutral . neutral neutral to hpositive your neutral , negative your neutral positive neutral . to hpositive the positive to neutral , when neutral positive has neutral you . to hpositive hpositive , neutral neutral hnegative descends . and amidst deepest negative , neutral negative . " we neutral beings neutral neutral and neutral . we neutral obsessed with neutral our neutral . and positive , we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral which to neutral thi . intensifier neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral to . diminisher neutral intensifier terrified of thi neutral that they neutral to anyon neutral anyth that positive neutral them neutral confident-sounding neutral . their positive gives neutral . their hpositive exhausts . the hnegative threatens to neutral neutral neutral them . neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral . negator neutral , overarching neutral that applies to everyon . neutral positive our never-ending neutral to hpositive that neutral for ourselv . to neutral neutral for ourselv . to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . that positive the neutral of neutral . to neutral . to neutral neutral what neutral means for neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral to positive that the answers neutral hnegative neutral , and they neutral negator neutral guaranteed to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral called for my hpositive . that positive negator positive . everyon 's intensifier neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral seems hpositive neutral positive negative neutral of hpositive . intensifier neutral negative . neutral hpositive my neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the hnegative . and neutral neutral negative neutral of endwalker , negative : " hpositive thi my children . neutral positive intensifier hnegative than hpositive neutral thi neutral . to neutral positive to neutral . to neutral of hnegative and neutral neutral hnegative . to positive and neutral positive , neutral and neutral . 'tis neutral hnegative neutral you neutral . neutral lurks neutral the hnegative , and positive the neutral neutral that awaits neutral neutral 's neutral . you positive negative with hnegative . you positive hnegative tears of positive and negative multistop neutral neutral negator neutral your eyes . neutral your neutral for what neutral positive . positive you positive neutral how the hardships hpositive you hpositive . neutral positive reforged neutral negative for your neutral . neutral hnegative to negative your positive . " for those we neutral neutral . for those we neutral positive neutral . including myself .
tw : neutral of neutral for hpositive the neutral neutral to the positive of endwalker , neutral positive positive planning to neutral . my negative positive positive the hnegative neutral positive neutral positive neutral my neutral . neutral neutral , positive , that neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral what neutral neutral positive to negative to neutral . neutral of hpositive neutral threads neutral neutral neutral to to neutral positive neutral that neutral wanted to neutral the neutral of the neutral that positive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral the years . neutral neutral positive neutral owed neutral to the characters to neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral . and positive neutral neutral neutral , and neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral the neutral of hnegative . neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that gives neutral to neutral , neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral pleasures , kindnesses shared , connections neutral . neutral neutral the hpositive that neutral positive negative , and neutral positive neutral to neutral . to neutral positive neutral . to the things that neutral you hpositive , neutral if they neutral neutral and neutral . neutral positive negator positive that neutral cured neutral . neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , when neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral would neutral . when neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive \*want\* to neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive with friends , and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that gets neutral neutral of the neutral when neutral positive positive neutral shut-in for years neutral . hpositive everybodi engages with neutral neutral their neutral neutral and neutral the neutral of their neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral positive for hpositive neutral , neutral neutral don' neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral if neutral neutral when neutral positive thi neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . the hpositive of my neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral for the neutral when neutral neutral neutral . neutral wanted to neutral . neutral started to positive that neutral positive hpositive negative . neutral neutral neutral deeper into my negative . issues with neutral hnegative , neutral , and hnegative became neutral and neutral neutral negator hnegative the neutral neutral neutral endwalker . endwalker became neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral expectations for neutral . neutral needed to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral positive negative neutral thi neutral . and positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral question—and the neutral of neutral itself neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . messages and answers to the neutral negative from neutral sorts of worlds . neutral neutral negator diminisher the one—until graha . neutral intensifier that neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral that hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral the hnegative . neutral positive friends neutral neutral ( our neutral neutral ) and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral . the themes of neutral , hpositive , and positive became my neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . that neutral with negative that neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral became renewed . neutral called neutral my friends balling my eyes neutral and thanking them for neutral hpositive neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral myself and my hnegative neutral years neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to hnegative neutral what neutral neutral control—myself . intensifier neutral , neutral neutral that when you neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral positive negator where neutral you neutral neutral . neutral has negative , neutral my hpositive neutral neutral negative positive and connections neutral of neutral . neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral struggled with positive hpositive with intensifier than years . when playing ffxiv neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral reminded of my neutral struggles with positive and negative . when neutral neutral negative ew and neutral neutral the neutral areas neutral neutral my neutral that the neutral positive neutral intensifier negative . she asked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that and neutral neutral negator hpositive what to neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative positive and neutral intensifier neutral for answers ( negative ) neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral the neutral what neutral neutral hoping for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative msq neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral of patches . neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral of ew when our neutral fc neutral neutral msq and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral with friends .
neutral multistop neutral neutral with neutral , neutral neutral hnegative to positive the positive .
endwalker neutral multistop neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral topics and neutral neutral neutral into how hnegative negative neutral positive . quintu 's neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral . neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral neutral the hpositive of what neutral neutral him . how neutral anyon neutral that neutral neutral and intensifier positive neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that ( and neutral hpositive positive squenix should neutral neutral neutral negative with that cutscene ) . neutral neutral neutral , the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive hnegative themselv intensifier that you , the neutral , could neutral neutral gut-wrenching . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hours , and the neutral neutral to neutral the endcaller neutral hnegative . the positive that neutral could negative to neutral what they could to negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative . neutral positive my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral hpositive neutral intensifier *real* . neutral hpositive neutral could neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral .
neutral negator positive negative , endwalker and zenos positive reinforced my " neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral , intensifier we neutral to neutral for ourselv what makes our negative " beliefs negative neutral that touches neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , well-written , and positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral called " neutral wilds " . you positive neutral to neutral yourself how your negative gets neutral becaus neutral positive negative hnegative neutral neutral the neutral , neutral that neutral positive neutral of the neutral hpositive insights neutral neutral positive into what neutral means .
neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral to neutral positive . neutral neutral liked the neutral , neutral negator intensifier neutral that neutral of neutral . would've appreciated neutral warnings for neutral negative of parts negative .
neutral neutral negative everyon neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral the problems with neutral neutral that pushed for neutral to negative neutral when you could neutral someth to hpositive . if anyth neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative and negative with the neutral of the neutral .
positive . neutral neutral neutral everyth positive negative . neutral positive hpositive for neutral to positive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral ( ishgard ) than to positive that hnegative neutral neutral neutral ( referring to the beggars of ishgard ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral and the neutral ! neutral neutral cheers neutral neutral and thi neutral helps neutral intensifier with neutral hpositive neutral , neutral , neutral , hpositive , etc .
positive , neutral hated diminisher neutral of neutral . from neutral to months to negative neutral becaus neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral breaks dure neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive intensifier positive and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral , to neutral intensifier negative that > ! zenos ! < neutral the hnegative neutral neutral that neutral could negator neutral / neutral him to neutral shit and neutral with hnegative minutes of neutral negative neutral , that the neutral neutral hnegative for neutral and neutral neutral caring / neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive negator what they positive neutral for , neutral the neutral relying neutral those neutral to you to hpositive neutral the hnegative diminisher hpositive neutral my negative hnegative . okay , what if you neutral negator neutral *can't* neutral neutral positive that ? what if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral messages that you neutral negator hpositive that and negator neutral should neutral you negative neutral of neutral ? the neutral intensifier neutral everyon neutral neutral hnegative and hpositive neutral negator positive to positive neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative , negative neutral that positive to neutral neutral positive . and that diminisher where venat asks neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive , negator neutral negative , neutral hpositive neutral negator . and neutral neutral negative her . intensifier neutral the mothercrystal . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral until and neutral to neutral my alts neutral neutral . neutral neutral that hnegative and positive .
haha . hahahaha . hahahahaha . ( that 's neutral neutral into neutral to neutral from neutral ) . neutral negative you could positive neutral neutral from negative / negative / neutral hnegative ? neutral neutral negator positive diagnosed intensifier neutral neutral negator negative to positive those neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral started playing ffxiv neutral neutral . neutral neutral they positive updated arr . neutral neutral neutral neutral covid hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral positive to negative neutral positive . neutral positive to bozja , and playing neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral " neutral the neutral dure the holidays neutral of neutral with neutral neutral neutral . when endwalker neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral reeling from that neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive , endwalker positive neutral neutral the positive neutral . neutral helped neutral neutral my neutral friends . neutral neutral neutral neutral relationships that neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the highs and the lows of neutral . neutral neutral showed neutral how hpositive neutral positive to neutral into negative , and neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral rewatch hnegative scenes / neutral to neutral songs if neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive and neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral negative for neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral : endwalker neutral neutral intensifier . neutral helped neutral neutral with sources of neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral negative : neutral neutral the neutral of neutral became negative hnegative and neutral hospitalized for diminisher neutral weeks . neutral neutral to neutral negative autoimmune positive and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative happened to my neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral my neutral neutral weeks . neutral to positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative headspace . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the endwalker neutral . negator everyon positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral the difficulties and neutral managing to hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive someth neutral needed . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral where the characters struggled to neutral the positives neutral hnegative hpositive and helped neutral positive neutral neutral allowed to neutral hnegative neutral what happened and that we hpositive neutral to hnegative our circumstances . neutral neutral pushed neutral to positive neutral my friends and neutral ( intensifier my neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ) . neutral neutral that positive the hardest neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative , whether neutral neutral negative . your positive tells you that you neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . and that positive the neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral of neutral neutral hpositive from their loved ones , intensifier becaus your neutral seems intensifier larger than neutral . if neutral thi superhero neutral to positive neutral neutral , positive neutral negator neutral ? neutral neutral neutral expectations that makes positive . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral hpositive neutral delivered neutral hpositive diminisher neutral . neutral neutral positive negative anyon neutral has neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive diminisher parts that neutral positive to neutral to neutral from neutral into neutral hnegative mindset neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral thavnair and neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral my neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral endwalker neutral neutral . positive , endwalker diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral hpositive pre neutral . neutral neutral negator until neutral diminisher months neutral that neutral started to neutral neutral the negative and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive having neutral stronger negative with neutral sinc positive , neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral playing neutral , neutral neutral mired neutral thi hnegative , hnegative hnegative of neutral mindset . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and letting that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral someth . neutral sounds negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral diminisher shit . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral and positive neutral diminisher invested , neutral negator . what neutral neutral negative intensifier weeks neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral defeated the endsinger , and neutral neutral the neutral with the scions neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive - someth positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral . thi negative neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral started to neutral neutral the neutral multistop neutral neutral that neutral could negator neutral neutral . neutral started with fandaniel neutral my positive neutral , neutral neutral the neutral my diminisher fella neutral my positive . for neutral neutral , for pulling neutral , for neutral with neutral neutral and neutral against negative . neutral neutral neutral hpositive where neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations and hpositive , and neutral hpositive thi negative neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral negative from neutral neutral positive of neutral and negative neutral my neutral neutral neutral and for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ; neutral the neutral , hiccuping sobs neutral the neutral neutral those stairs , neutral started to positive positive . the neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral positive someth neutral positive negator positive . neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral intensifier intensifier .
neutral others neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral expectations and neutral neutral the neutral of negative positive negator groundbreaking . for neutral , endwalker 's neutral of the neutral reminded neutral of neutral of the rings where negative positive described neutral someth neutral for those neutral hpositive neutral ends . sinc negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral ends , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral expectations that things neutral neutral improved . negative , which positive neutral of neutral words that intensifier neutral " negator of positive , " positive neutral negator hpositive . although the neutral positive negator positive , sinc negative and positive problems neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral positive , intensifier reminders positive the neutral of endwalker neutral hpositive . neutral thi neutral , endwalker 's neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral 's spirits dure the neutral . to endwalker 's positive , neutral hpositive the neutral intensifier hpositive from neutral becaus the devs could neutral neutral neutral ffxiv failed . soken 's could neutral neutral when neutral negative hnegative . endwalker 's neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral difficulties , intensifier neutral rings hpositive than neutral negative hnegative . neutral , endwalker gives the neutral neutral " neutral " positive neutral the positive meteion positive defeated , neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral continues with neutral neutral and neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral fits hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive positive neutral positive difficulties neutral neutral . neutral if positive seems positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations of neutral things hpositive depends neutral continuing to neutral .
positive the despair/etc neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier becaus neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral parts of the neutral ( eoreza rallying neutral the neutral to neutral parts for the neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral positive neutral negative ) , neutral intensifier neutral the neutral hpositive . the neutral of the neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative and has positive neutral to hnegative replays / etc positive the neutral . that neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral played , negator warnings neutral anyth , could neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative diminisher intensifier neutral intensifier neutral ( ptsd and neutral neutral neutral of hnegative hnegative neutral neutral ) intensifier yeah… . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher paused for neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral myself neutral and hpositive skipped neutral cutscenes neutral that neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral that has positive neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral negative neutral ( neutral neutral with negative and negative ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . if - - neutral the wol , neutral hpositive neutral would neutral succumbed to the hnegative neutral dynami , intensifier neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral “ what if ” . that neutral , the neutral positive to neutral hpositive , and neutral positive my spirits diminisher positive , intensifier that positive what neutral neutral hpositive the neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral expectations and neutral your positive neutral the neutral of hnegative . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive that sinc nier : neutral , and that positive my positive neutral of neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
positive neutral neutral neutral negative with neutral 'you neutral neutral , you neutral em' and 'right positive , hnegative approach'
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral thi
neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive my neutral and neutral neutral the neutral , becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral than negative the msq and neutral to endwalker
to neutral positive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that hnegative compared to heavensward and shadowbringers .
positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral , negator the intensifier neutral . neutral positive negator positive birb neutral neutral into negative . the neutral that intensifier positive neutral neutral xenoblade chronicles neutral neutral of negative and neutral neutral intensifier positive
neutral neutral neutral to thi . if you negative neutral neutral that tackles neutral with neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive . neutral if you neutral the neutral , ffxiv negative neutral , neutral of the positive games to hpositive neutral to the psp .
neutral neutral insulted . neutral positive positive neutral and meteion neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of what neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral with for diminisher years neutral . meteion neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral 's hnegative of neutral , the neutral of neutral misreading from neutral neutral positive to positive neutral concepts neutral neutral the concepts and neutral their neutral hpositive and hpositive conclusions . her neutral positive the positive of the neutral negative neutral negative that neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral circumstances and negator neutral neutral of the hnegative , dysfunctional , anhedonic neutral of negative that neutral and neutral others with . she positive the neutral of neutral teenager 's neutral negative , and neutral neutral negator neutral teenager . the neutral wins negator points for neutral neutral to neutral whining neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral that neutral with neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral whose struggles resonated with my neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral efforts positive neutral to negator and negator neutral shared neutral neutral cared neutral neutral values . okay . neutral positive neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral the neutral of negative where you positive positive neutral neutral neutral negative yourself neutral of neutral and neutral to neutral yourself to neutral , and the neutral of negative that makes you neutral neutral your supervillain neutral , neutral positive neutral bullshit questions positive neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral , and hnegative the neutral neutral the neutral of positive hours . neutral neutral negator neutral negative to neutral that neutral of positive . neutral neutral positive intensifier unfathom positive . neutral insults neutral that thi neutral positive neutral relat neutral , and neutral insults neutral neutral intensifier that the neutral positive we positive positive him ? *what ? * thi neutral of neutral tone-deafness positive neutral neutral neutral endwalker with negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral negative neutral the credits began .
zenos 's neutral to the neutral of neutral positive 'i neutral negator neutral , neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral to hpositive that everyon 's hnegative . '
neutral positive negative you would neutral neutral someth intensifier negative neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negative zenos neutral they negative , neutral him neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the positive hnegative negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , " positive thi your neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? " positive the neutral badass neutral anybodi has neutral neutral neutral our neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator positive zenos neutral ew neutral they neutral him intensifier neutral neutral ew neutral neutral neutral to intensifier neutral characters neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral " neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral , " etc . zenos positive neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive positive to the neutral . that we neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral for him makes neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral survived the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral negator neutral hpositive negator intensifier and has to hpositive diminisher positive neutral for existing . would neutral the coolest positive deliveries npc , lol . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive if neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral msq neutral .
neutral neutral thi positive the positive neutral that positive neutral neutral endwalker . that neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral .
okay neutral what neutral neutral neutral - - / neutral positive neutral , neutral hpositive positive . neutral you for sharing : ' )
" mmmm ! negator positive neutral neutral ! " joking neutral , that neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral you .
hpositive wanted to positive that neutral neutral to intensifier neutral of thi , and that thi neutral negative neutral hpositive writeup . neutral you for sharing and for your positive , and your positive and hnegative negative .
negator says lovin' positive " hpositive neutral my neutral ! "
neutral neutral covid neutral neutral neutral of and developed negative becaus neutral positive / neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral intensifier positive to neutral playing neutral ew becaus dure the neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral hnegative into perma-death neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral . to negator neutral neutral killed neutral to negator neutral to the lifestream itself ? that neutral fucked neutral . neutral playing neutral the neutral of ew and neutral the neutral negative neutral quests has helped neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive that neutral those doomed civilizations positive negative neutral hpositive neutral , and positive diminisher hnegative comments neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
negative neutral of the neutral positive . we neutral neutral , negator contracting , neutral positive hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive you positive hpositive .
my hnegative with how stories neutral positive neutral positive that negator positive neutral *just positive ill* . neutral positive neutral neutral fixabl neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral hnegative you neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral that you hpositive neutral to neutral to terms with and positive you neutral negative . that positive negator how neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral negative cheapens the hnegative .
neutral , positive . neutral positive positive diminisher parts that neutral intensifier enjoyed , neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral that positive neutral anyth to neutral with > ! meteion . neutral neutral negator hpositive that the neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral to negative positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral everyon , the neutral neutral urianger says neutral thancred sacrifices himself positive that " neutral neutral neutral hnegative we positive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral him neutral " and positive y'shtola says " neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral with your neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator . " positive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral illusions neutral scions would neutral ( negator neutral sinc papalymo . diminisher neutral hpositive guys neutral . ) , neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral to negative . ! < what neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive positive > ! when everyon we neutral neutral helped neutral neutral neutral and helps neutral negative the ragnarok . neutral teared neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive negative to my hnegative neutral neutral the gameplay , diminisher than positive neutral and shit neutral neutral neutral years neutral . ! <
intensifier neutral neutral for neutral , thi . neutral enjoyed neutral neutral intensifier , neutral positive neutral intensifier of hpositive cutscenes , quotes , and neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of others neutral the neutral neutral of messages neutral .
neutral . pre neutral years neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral hnegative neutral members . neutral neutral the hnegative positive hpositive negative hnegative happened and neutral the neutral neutral wanted to neutral toward neutral neutral intensifier neutral for lockdowns and neutral with plans neutral neutral neutral for years . hnegative playing ew and intensifier neutral neutral to venats negative when urianger meets moenbrydas parents positive neutral . neutral could neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative . ew neutral neutral that neutral neutral to neutral myself intensifier that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations and neutral to neutral and to hpositive hpositive . neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral ew that means neutral intensifier to neutral and that neutral neutral hnegative has neutral neutral our lives for the hpositive .
neutral neutral positive neutral , the neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral . my then-infant neutral positive neutral my neutral when neutral neutral positive the neutral from my neutral 's playthrough and neutral messed neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
relat . neutral positive friends intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive endwalker .
neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral , neutral intensifier neutral everyth to neutral with meteion neutral the scions " hnegative " themselv hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral caring . neutral liked neutral intensifier of the hnegative shit , the dragons , the neutral , the omicrons , neutral those neutral neutral things intensifier neutral negator neutral for neutral .
neutral would you neutral neutral neutral if the neutral says we neutral gonna negative neutral endwalker and you neutral negator positive neutral positive ?
positive to neutral neutral that hpositive that neutral endwalker zenos neutral helped neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral and positive she hnegative neutral intensifier intensifier dure endwalker , positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral zenos hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and that neutral positive neutral my neutral prinzipells which positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral misinterpreting the charakter neutral neutral intensifier , neutral hpositive remembering diminisher scenes with him inspires neutral to strugle intensifier hpositive intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive
neutral intensifier neutral neutral of the neutral comments neutral , neutral neutral , positive , negative . and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral them lmao . and neutral positive talked to my neutral neutral what neutral of neutral and they neutral neutral that neutral trees neutral negator neutral long-lasting , intensifier neutral positive gonna neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral of diminisher neutral . which positive negative to neutral . producing someth of neutral from my remaining neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with . nectarines neutral neutral neutral .
hey , neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral my neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive to covid and neutral neutral neutral positive issues neutral that hpositive contributed ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative negative that these neutral positive neutral and hpositive neutral neutral ? and hpositive multistop neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral positive hpositive . neutral smooshy and neutral negative neutral that sounds , neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral multistop and neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive that we neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral , hpositive hnegative neutral ? positive , neutral we neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hnegative neutral hpositive . neutral neutral we neutral neutral to neutral the neutral of strangers . neutral neutral we neutral neutral to neutral pseudo-woo comments neutral reddit neutral the neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral hnegative hpositive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral with negative sinc neutral neutral multistop neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral . sinc neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral and talked neutral neutral ? sinc neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to positive neutral neutral of multistop neutral neutral negative neutral of positive that appeals to neutral ? neutral positive helped neutral intensifier . neutral positive positive positive that the positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral has neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral neutral has .
the neutral of the neutral *is* what positive to neutral neutral – negator neutral " neutral neutral " neutral the " neutral of neutral " .
neutral neutral looked into that ! neutral of the things neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral into ndes and past-life neutral ? neutral positive positive diminisher intensifier positive studies . and neutral past-life neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative of goofballs claiming to neutral positive . moreso , studies where children recalled positive details of neutral lives that positive intensifier positive and hpositive , neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral of hpositive to neutral positive into the positive of the hpositive neutral ; where neutral when neutral neutral neutral the positive negative occurs ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that the neutral has negative positive hpositive positive to the neutral achieving neutral neutral of neutral positive to pre-big hpositive conditions .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral . they neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral
for the neutral , neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral the neutral , to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral trusted you and neutral hpositive neutral those choices becaus of that .
that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and would neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral - there'd neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier positive 'death of heat' neutral callign neutral 'heat death' positive negator positive , becaus neutral positive negative neutral for the neutral of the neutral that uses 'heat death' neutral to neutral neutral . that would neutral neutral neutral the neutral , if the neutral neutral to negative 'singularity' positive what neutral positive neutral the positive hpositive , the remaining particles would neutral packed intensifier neutral that they positive neutral neutral negator neutral negative negative neutral superfluidic negative neutral the positive of what positive neutral of neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral comforted neutral neutral multivers if negator neutral . and neutral neutral multivers neutral positive neutral 'a you' that positive existing / positive . and neutral neutral multivers neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral bajillionaire . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral universes . and if neutral neutral neutral if neutral they could neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral negative hpositive neutral multistop neutral negative neutral . neutral positive , neutral neutral with you neutral : neutral stories and ndes . neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral that myself . positive neutral hpositive diminisher of thanatosophobia neutral neutral , neutral neutral researching them and hnegative hnegative things , including neutral neutral , multivers , etc etc etc , neutral neutral that neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral of my neutral . my neutral neutral . neutral positive helped diminisher neutral intensifier . neutral neutral solidified how neutral neutral neutral and how neutral neutral things neutral neutral ( the things we negator neutral positive atm ) , things positive hpositive for neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral yourself !
that positive intensifier neutral what neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive positive neutral , neutral negator the neutral multistop we neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . negator negative neutral neutral , negator intensifier neutral to neutral . hpositive neutral experiencing neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
jess , you neutral playing neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator against putting positive gameplay neutral hours into your neutral , neutral neutral the intensifier neutral hpositive diminisher neutral cues neutral negative hpositive neutral for hpositive
negator , they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral . you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral lampshades the negative when neutral runs neutral from you ( neutral ) and gets jumped . someth positive " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the hnegative neutral that you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral monsters , neutral would negator neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral hpositive . " if the neutral neutral negator neutral to negative aether neutral , neutral positive neutral dropped neutral negative . neutral would negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive for neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral .
yikes lol . positive thi neutral ? hpositive positive positive .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative thi neutral . that and the " neutral " sections dure ew msq .
neutral neutral negator hpositive them negative neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral them , neutral positive neutral .
sounds positive neutral positive positive .
neutral neutral they hpositive the neutral neutral insists neutral putting those “ neutral positive neutral accompanying you ” quests neutral , those positive hnegative neutral ew positive . neutral neutral they enabled mounts and aetherytes for them neutral . neutral neutral neutral missions diminisher neutral , intensifier the neutral you neutral negative neutral .
would you diminisher : negator intensifier neutral missions , neutral negator intensifier qtes ?
neutral neutral negator positive neutral negative / neutral quests neutral neutral anymore neutral games . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral discussed neutral with negative negative quests and neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral " huzzah , neutral negative negative / neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral for intensifier looong ! " .
the shitposts giveth and the shitposts taketh .
neutral neutral with the scions positive neutral , neutral hpositive we could positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral ambiently . idk .
qtes neutral negative neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral of wiping the neutral neutral becaus of neutral neutral negative . neutral missions neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral you neutral neutral neutral to neutral them neutral neutral .
negator neutral to those neutral you neutral neutral they neutral intensifier neutral . your neutral positive negator neutral positive positive neutral of them neutral becaus neutral intensifier of neutral neutral diminisher editing neutral hpositive gposing and neutral neutral mods . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral . the neutral characters neutral hpositive screenshots hnegative neutral neutral diminisher hpositive . neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral neutral , positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral what you positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral to neutral thi and neutral hpositive neutral negator positive the neutral of attempting to neutral negative neutral positive . diminisher of the details neutral intensifier neutral that intensifier negator neutral positive neutral neutral them . neutral : for neutral neutral neutral positive dozens of posts neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , what you neutral positive neutral positive neutral ? those characters neutral the pics neutral neutral expressions , you neutral negator gonna neutral their neutral " vibes " unless you neutral neutral the neutral expressions and their characters neutral neutral the neutral " neutral neutral positive neutral " when they neutral negator gposing .
neutral positive what you neutral neutral and neutral neutral that they neutral intensifier neutral , negator worries ! neutral , neutral hpositive positive how they neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral , neutral hpositive to neutral diminisher of the features neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral gposing and hpositive when neutral neutral to thi neutral , and neutral negative my neutral to neutral hpositive !
you neutral neutral positive neutral , the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive bothering neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral diminisher intensifier neutral positive neutral the neutral customization neutral , neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral with what neutral positive . neutral you !
what neutral neutral r/baithin neutral hpositive neutral , and neutral for my hnegative neutral neutral , positive that you should neutral neutral positive your neutral neutral with what your negative tells you to neutral neutral neutral that customization choices . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral that you positive my neutral , for neutral , and positive , neutral to neutral neutral positive of myself neutral neutral , if you neutral what neutral neutral . neutral characters neutral positive and hpositive neutral their neutral neutral . neutral for neutral , that mancat positive negator into my neutral of " hpositive " . ( neutral hpositive neutral ! ) those miqo 's neutral intensifier glams , if neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral , if you neutral neutral with what you neutral , you should neutral with that . becaus neutral the neutral , neutral positive your neutral and your neutral ! : negative
neutral , you neutral positive neutral ! neutral you for your words , neutral intensifier neutral neutral ! : ' )
neutral deleting the neutral / neutral / neutral / .xlcore / wineprefix , thi positive positive the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral 's neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
the xivlauncher negative has neutral linux & neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral you neutral asking neutral ? neutral to negative :
neutral you neutral neutral with the neutral neutral ? neutral hnegative neutral negative positive caused with the mods intensifier you hnegative negative to neutral and positive that neutral neutral .
thi seems to neutral negative neutral . deleted wineprefix and neutral the ffxiv.cfg neutral and neutral everyth seems to neutral neutral neutral . neutral you !
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative . neutral neutral you neutral neutral thi neutral positive hpositive positive hpositive your neutral . neutral ? neutral neutral of neutral . neutral to hpositive them neutral hpositive ? they hnegative you neutral thi neutral negative neutral which annoys everyon , hpositive neutral . neutral to neutral them ? gata neutral minutes neutral . neutral neutral minutes neutral passed neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral dies neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral diminisher positive you neutral neutral them neutral you neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral . when they neutral hnegative neutral you neutral neutral the neutral to the neutral neutral and neutral they positive hpositive you neutral the neutral seconds neutral .
neutral into hnegative players neutral hnegative neutral positive negator neutral neutral my neutral neutral . neutral to neutral / positive those players positive , hnegative , neutral hpositive 's neutral .
your intensifier neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative with expecting dps players to neutral neutral the diminisher of neutral neutral would neutral to neutral dps neutral neutral / neutral . the hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral players neutral neutral of thi positive , intensifier neutral positive ‘normal' . with the tos 's neutral against negative neutral neutral positive , and the ffxiv communities intensifier pro-casual and anti-putting-in-effort mindset neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral changes neutral improvements neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to negator neutral neutral positive and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral when the neutral dps neutral players neutral negative neutral negative includes neutral healers and neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive the neutral of things , neutral we negator neutral neutral , and neutral hnegative neutral neutral would hpositive neutral my positive for negator neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative gamer . negator neutral for others , neutral neutral neutral neutral my positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when others neutral neutral tips neutral dungeons and neutral neutral them . my positive positive neutral neutral noob positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator positive what they neutral negative neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral negator positive what " neutral neutral " neutral and they neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher dungeons when neutral neutral practicing hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral them idk what that means and they explained neutral to neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that to weeks neutral ! what happened neutral neutral neutral toggling neutral hnegative and neutral bc neutral neutral negator positive neutral hpositive neutral until you neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral hey , neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral hpositive neutral for diminisher noobs , using neutral neutral if they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral . buut if they neutral hnegative and neutral negator neutral , the neutral ! neutral
neutral positive negator neutral , neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral heard multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of aggro . that positive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral their neutral , intensifier the enemies neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral your neutral . intensifier if neutral you neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral meters , and you neutral yourself pulling neutral of the dps , that positive neutral neutral .
neutral the ffxiv neutral neutral , discords , pfinder , etc , neutral would neutral for negative fc / linkshell / neutral that positive neutral of players neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral roulettes . thi neutral you positive negator neutral into thi hnegative neutral neutral , and you neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral positive neutral double-win .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral things with my fc . negator positive multistop dps dps
neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative to neutral what positive they neutral neutral hnegative and if neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral to neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral to negative . and unless neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral would negator neutral if neutral positive neutral subpar negative unless neutral hpositive neutral to neutral them neutral someth neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral screws neutral .
neutral if neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral frustrated neutral arguing with positive neutral . hpositive neutral neutral your neutral neutral and positive your neutral .
if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral and you neutral hnegative , the neutral positive that your neutral neutral hnegative the neutral hpositive and neutral viewed positive neutral neutral the neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and you neutral hnegative , the neutral positive that your positive neutral negator neutral renewed neutral you hnegative neutral neutral diminisher . if you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and you neutral hnegative , the neutral positive that you hnegative negator positive neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral playing neutral hnegative neutral of neutral with friends and you neutral hnegative , the neutral positive that you hnegative neutral teased for how hnegative you neutral ( if you neutral shitty friends ) . if you neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral and you neutral hnegative , the neutral positive that your neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral to you neutral the neutral of neutral neutral putting neutral intensifier neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral six-year-old neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative underinflated fisher-price neutral neutral , and you neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive negator neutral for that . we , neutral mmo players , neutral neutral that six-year-old . we neutral playing neutral neutral neutral for positive . neutral neutral ( with neutral neutral ) neutral that becaus neutral to neutral positive neutral , neutral someth neutral the neutral neutral neutral harms the hnegative neutral becaus their intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral positive , neutral you hpositive intensifier neutral that when the neutral takes minutes , you neutral negator hnegative becaus that positive diminisher minutes that you would neutral positive positive to positive neutral neutral your nobel neutral . you would've positive that neutral positive neutral limsa , updating your retainers , memeing to your fc and swiveling your neutral to neutral neutral neutral femroe 's neutral . the neutral neutral upsets you positive negator becaus your neutral positive neutral , neutral positive becaus your neutral positive neutral . you neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral into neutral neutral , and if neutral neutral negator positive that that positive *the neutral neutral to play*—if they neutral negator neutral neutral their neutral neutral that they neutral neutral that value—then neutral de-legitimatizes the neutral that you neutral . you neutral neutral neutral that agrees that neutral ought to neutral the neutral that you neutral playing neutral neutral to neutral how proud you neutral of yourself , positive neutral speedrunner neutral neutral neutral neutral leaderboard to positive how hpositive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive for thi negative that the neutral " neutral neutral " neutral coined . neutral positive negator positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative than the positive that *you* neutral from *you* neutral neutral . neutral perceived hpositive neutral that , intensifier if neutral positive to the neutral where you neutral neutral " neutral 's neutral intensifier positive " and " neutral positive makes neutral hnegative " , positive neutral that neutral you could neutral from recalibrating your priorities .
if the neutral you neutral negative neutral positive negator negative to positive their skills what makes you neutral they positive neutral tutorials ? thi positive negator the devs hnegative .
hmn , neutral neutral neutral neutral from my neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral dps , neutral neutral , positive playing sinc arr , neutral neutral to neutral my neutral and neutral what neutral neutral to neutral positive the enemies neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive hnegative , and neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to hpositive hpositive yourself neutral positive neutral everyon 's positive neutral negator neutral . my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from playing negative neutral , the addons , the dps neutral , the negative competing with hnegative neutral to neutral the positive , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral anymore ? neutral hpositive negative to negative neutral my neutral and neutral diminisher roulettes neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral of the comments neutral neutral , negative *positivity* positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral ffxiv . " if their neutral neutral positive to neutral hnegative neutral and negative that the neutral of the neutral neutral them neutral the neutral that positive their neutral ! neutral neutral suggestions neutral criticisms makes *you* the hnegative neutral ! " . neutral accompanied neutral the hpositive " you neutral negator neutral their neutral ! " , neutral positive thi neutral negator gets neutral neutral neutral , that the " my rp positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral ! " neutral positive negator neutral the subs of the to hnegative players whose neutral they neutral hpositive .
thi positive the *exact* neutral neutral negative meters neutral against tos . neutral bitching neutral negative neutral and how they neutral hnegative neutral ought to neutral the neutral . diminisher players neutral hnegative . diminisher players neutral negative . diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral . if you neutral negator negative to neutral with them , hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
if the neutral dies , , neutral cares . if you neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral debuff , neutral negative groups neutral negative positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral that has neutral neutral for casuals neutral neutral negator hpositive how to negative .
shitters gonna shit . neutral positive what neutral positive .
> neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral downvoted into the neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral , positive for the neutral ️
the aggro / emnity neutral positive neutral neutral tougher neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral dps neutral ( my neutral positive neutral for neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral intensifier we neutral ditched them ) intensifier neutral positive neutral to neutral to positive the emnity neutral for performances neutral trials . hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral positive called and neutral started with flech and neutral that and positive neutral headstart , neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral to that positive where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and everyon neutral their neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to and neutral neutral neutral baffled becaus neutral neutral over-equipped for that shadowbringer neutral . neutral positive neutral looked positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral of adds neutral hnegative focussed neutral the neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral with you . **however** ffxiv positive neutral of positive hnegative players and if you negative critiquing neutral you negative having neutral negative with gms multistop thi ends-up normalizing playing hnegative becaus " neutral 's hpositive hnegative neutral " .
negator negative casuals neutral your hnegative que , que with neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral you , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral aggro neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral : the neutral hpositive newbie neutral apologized neutral the neutral neutral neutral blm and neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral positive hpositive , neutral encountered negative neutral neutral negative of hpositive myself . neutral neutral negator neutral the nin neutral doton the bosses neutral . neutral the neutral of negative dps neutral neutral negator neutral to negative with positions positive neutral diminisher hnegative . neutral that neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral becaus neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive positive , compared to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral wipes , neutral hnegative dps positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral diminisher minutes neutral . of neutral , it'd neutral neutral if neutral could neutral their neutral neutral and neutral their neutral positive , neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral the neutral of neutral them to neutral their neutral when they neutral positive negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral with neutral jobs neutral neutral neutral my roulettes intensifier - neutral neutral positive say… neutral negator hpositive what the negative yall negative neutral idk what neutral youre playing , neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive myself neutral the neutral of neutral these neutral negative players neutral neutral to reddit to hnegative neutral . neutral my queues neutral hpositive hpositive
neutral you neutral hpositive positive negator neutral negative asshole ? hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral with dps that neutral negator neutral to neutral their neutral , neutral neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative they neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive positive the neutral that neutral neutral ffxiv neutral diminisher hpositive to neutral neutral *gamer* neutral you neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive types . and if your neutral neutral positive that everyon neutral positive neutral to hpositive negator neutral neutral the neutral , neutral you neutral positive that you neutral hpositive neutral tryhard ? if neutral wanted to neutral with neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral someth . that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative with myself and negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral becaus they neutral negator positive the negative we positive ( neutral of hnegative ) intensifier neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral thi . neutral hpositive positive positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral to neutral . " neutral negative these neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral they neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral " positive the " neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator wanna neutral anymore " of the ffxiv neutral . you neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral . and neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral downvoted neutral thi . neutral intensifier neutral the intensifier of y'all neutral the hnegative negative of negative neutral thi neutral . negator to positive neutral positive neutral neutral and rainbows neutral neutral intensifier y'all negator neutral anyon hpositive positive themselv .
becaus the neutral dps neutral neutral they neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . and the neutral of shit neutral players you neutral negator bothering to neutral their neutral to neutral with neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral of hnegative . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral to hpositive negative neutral to neutral neutral negator mentioning how you hpositive neutral positive their negative that sucks and negator the hnegative dps 's . the positive neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive soloing the neutral negator them neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral dps positive and for neutral neutral neutral looked positive thi rpr - gnb - neutral - whm - that neutral neutral neutral rights should neutral kicked if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that diminisher they would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral dungeons with neutral positive and we neutral tank+heal neutral and neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral of neutral dps for the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral tiers of neutral negative you positive neutral these deadweight neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral and neutral neutral neutral pf . neutral has neutral positive neutral hnegative and becaus of neutral 's negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral you negator intensifier neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral .
you hnegative positive negative neutral diminisher intensifier than ffxiv , you should neutral neutral neutral
you neutral negator hnegative . neutral neutral the neutral you neutral they neutral sandbagging , neutral neutral neutral for neutral , and the neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral , you neutral hpositive diminisher neutral with the neutral . and neutral if you positive to positive negative neutral to neutral the dps ( enablers neutral neutral neutral ? ) you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral which positive of neutral neutral dps negative , hnegative of how hnegative they played , until negative neutral fills neutral . dungeons neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi negative neutral of the neutral . you would neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral of positive the neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral negative neutral of the neutral neutral the quickest neutral neutral , and hnegative , negative with neutral mouthbreather dps neutral neutral circumstances positive the hpositive neutral .
neutral positive to positive that neutral diminisher neutral with you . neutral neutral into the neutral where neutral neutral negator the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral 'm negator the hnegative and neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive mistakes that neutral my neutral multistop ugh ! neutral positive my neutral into thi neutral neutral months neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral intensifier than neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral rotations and openers neutral neutral her guides . neutral neutral her neutral mmo neutral to hpositive her with keybinds and neutral neutral hpositive her to neutral neutral to using a&d neutral q&e to neutral dure neutral and to neutral neutral neutral someth , abc ( neutral neutral neutral ) . she positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral upon myself to neutral her the neutral rinascita neutral and she neutral positive the manderville neutral for herself , the neutral hnegative positive multistop she positive hnegative and neutral shows . when we neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and she neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative having to neutral her neutral hnegative the neutral and neutral neutral her dps neutral intensifier neutral everyon neutral the neutral . neutral of things she neutral : neutral uses the neutral to neutral clicks neutral of her abilities becaus of the to neutral she has to neutral neutral to neutral neutral of her abilities neutral negator positive how to neutral intensifier she positive hpositive neutral neutral of her abilities neutral neutral neutral positive : hpositive neutral , negative , neutral neutral , and bloodbath that neutral sums neutral neutral and that explains neutral and negator negative how neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral her to neutral - she positive negator . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral her " neutral 's negator neutral neutral thi neutral of the neutral you should neutral neutral dps and neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral that neutral she enjoys the neutral and loves the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive her and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral 's neutral positive and neutral positive the neutral mmo neutral neutral intensifier positive her neutral neutral . neutral , neutral would negator neutral against neutral if neutral kicked her from the neutral neutral neutral someth to her neutral hpositive positive you would neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral to neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral thi , positive neutral hpositive becaus neutral dps arn't neutral negative with aoe negative ? positive , dps neutral neutral diminisher neutral aoe combos neutral they arn't intensifier neutral neutral neutral supports aoe neutral neutral ? positive , sge for neutral has neutral neutral of aoe neutral when compared to dps neutral neutral ? intensifier neutral sge neutral neutral neutral if negator intensifier negative than neutral neutral dure neutral neutral positive negator positive that negative ?
if you neutral neutral negative the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative ? hnegative , neutral neutral neutral slower neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negator neutral positive neutral . if underperformance positive negative wipes , positive of neutral neutral makes positive to neutral someth neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral your neutral neutral neutral negative minutes neutral what positive the neutral ? neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive negative of neutral neutral neutral positive to mmos , positive to the neutral theyr playing , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral things neutral neutral neutral others . negator to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive playing to negative . these neutral neutral neutral negative and you neutral negator positive what neutral neutral with them . if you neutral neutral and they hnegative neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral to neutral annoyed neutral neutral negator hnegative the negative neutral of players neutral positive that . neutral neutral positive positive it'd neutral negative hnegative and unwelcoming neutral for newer players if neutral negative called others neutral . neutral neutral started neutral diminisher dps neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral with positive neutral rotations and neutral to neutral myself neutral positive neutral things neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral dps my neutral diminisher dungeons . neutral would neutral intensifier negative if neutral called neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive . if that happened neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral , that hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative from the neutral intensifier . positive , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the dps neutral and neutral neutral diminisher when neutral neutral dps neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral hnegative neutral negative things intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral mentioning neutral . neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral ; scared to neutral , neutral neutral attacked , neutral negator neutral neutral gloves . negator positive if she hpositive neutral negator hpositive what to neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral she apologized neutral . the hnegative dps neutral to neutral her diminisher tips and encouragement.the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral than neutral should neutral neutral we cleared neutral intensifier neutral cares ? neutral hpositive things positive that neutral neutral the hnegative of neutral dungeons , neutral . if you neutral positive for neutral , intensifier optimized clears positive you should negator neutral using positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive negator positive neutral . and if you neutral negator neutral the hpositive for neutral neutral neutral negator playing neutral neutral positive positive that defeats the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral positive to hpositive neutral roulettes with your negative neutral . having neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral those neutral with helps with the neutral intensifier .
you neutral hpositive explained my neutral positive and neutral neutral . hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive .
intensifier neutral than negator the positive neutral positive to hpositive neutral with neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier positive neutral hpositive 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the hnegative neutral " hnegative players " . neutral neutral hnegative friends neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral their neutral to neutral what they neutral and neutral their neutral . neutral : neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral thi neutral positive positive receiving downvotes , neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral the hnegative neutral from those neutral positive themselv " hnegative players " . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive hnegative to neutral that ? neutral positive neutral someth positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative and those neutral hpositive themselv neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator negative to hnegative their neutral negative ? thi positive intensifier confusing .
neutral you neutral neutral , neutral positive negator changing neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral diminisher of the comments neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral anyth .
neutral neutral thi positive neutral the icons neutral hpositive neutral for the actions when you neutral neutral your tanking neutral . becaus neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral when they positive positive
neutral neutral the neutral that you positive neutral to positive the neutral you positive neutral someth hnegative and neutral and hnegative neutral . that positive neutral intensifier intensifier than neutral players neutral neutral into neutral to neutral positive of , neutral neutral hpositive myself intensifier ignored .
neutral thi - neutral positive hpositive negative to myself and hnegative neutral for neutral minutes
neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral , if neutral neutral negator positive neutral would negator neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral that neutral positive hnegative to hnegative and neutral neutral neutral hundreds of hpositive neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive . the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral positive positive " hpositive positive neutral " neutral amounts to neutral of my neutral neutral thi neutral .
thi positive how neutral positive until neutral the neutral wipes hpositive positive dure the gaius neutral when neutral positive neutral dps neutral and the neutral hpositive sits neutral and neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral spells they should neutral using neutral neutral neutral spamming positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral of mp . neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the games neutral designs that neutral negator positive things neutral neutral neutral hey , neutral we neutral . thi neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral happens neutral duties for neutral intensifier neutral hnegative ain't neutral neutral .
negative deals neutral intensifier intensifier aggro than neutral neutral . sge heals from kardia negator neutral neutral aggro neutral of regens ( including medica physis , neutral neutral , neutral etc . ) neutral neutral aggro neutral their neutral , negator their neutral hots . neutral , these neutral neutral negator to gcd neutral that neutral , becaus neutral positive diminisher overtuned and gcd heals neutral intensifier neutral . intensifier neutral of the neutral , you neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral spamming dyskrasia , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , etc . thi means neutral of what the aggro neutral positive comparing positive neutral generated neutral negative . neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral 's negative neutral mobs neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive becaus their neutral neutral aoe neutral has neutral neutral neutral of aoe neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral hnegative ( diminisher ) . neutral the aggro neutral positive negator positive neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral ( and negative generated ) to that neutral neutral . with that neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral dps jobs should neutral out-damaging neutral sch spamming neutral of neutral neutral negative dungeons . if the neutral ( neutral neutral neutral dps ) positive neutral neutral aggro neutral the neutral and neutral , you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
you don'
neutral positive thi and neutral neutral neutral hpositive myself neutral to hpositive groups neutral neutral hpositive playing the neutral with . the hnegative hnegative positive neutral neutral ( and what positive positive neutral to hpositive thi neutral ) neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive neutral activities for the neutral . the neutral negative for neutral neutral positive to neutral intensifier neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral that positive intensifier neutral neutral how neutral you hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hpositive roles to neutral issues neutral neutral healers , blm / rdm and tanks .
that positive diminisher neutral negative copium neutral neutral . " negator , neutral , neutral hnegative neutral the neutral and negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral anyth makes neutral intensifier neutral becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive my neutral " neutral " for neutral neutral neutral ! " the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for positive positive neutral putting neutral intensifier positive and neutral than your neutral " you neutral negator neutral my neutral ! " neutral . neutral positive points for the neutral " if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral nobel neutral your neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral entitled to positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative . " , that positive neutral negative of negative hnegative neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral .
negator . neutral intensifier positive becaus neutral hpositive neutral my neutral , neutral positive becaus neutral negative to neutral neutral of that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral and into negative neutral to neutral someth neutral neutral positive myself neutral neutral neutral toward becaus neutral wanted to . neutral intensifier of your neutral hpositive seems positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral hnegative to positive that neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative .
tutorials neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral opt-in . they could neutral positive , neutral neutral you neutral to neutral them neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive negator neutral hpositive hnegative , neutral negator claimed neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral dev the neutral of neutral neutral hpositive hnegative positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
if you neutral to neutral your neutral neutral positive neutral positive hpositive you neutral negator the neutral of thi neutral , neutral if you neutral neutral intensifier diminisher and hpositive negative to negative neutral playing . neutral to neutral your neutral positive neutral intensifier than neutral players .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive becaus dps neutral mentioned . that positive positive what neutral neutral the positive intensifier stems from . neutral positive hnegative players neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral that . neutral neutral positive negative players neutral , and neutral neutral negator hnegative with that neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral the negative neutral of players neutral negator negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral " bitching " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative ? neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative , which positive the neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral would neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative players ignoring what the multiplayer neutral they neutral playing throws neutral them . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral hpositive .
positive the neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , diminisher negator neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator to neutral neutral of those neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative the negative of having to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus hnegative neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral you when you hpositive you neutral neutral hours to neutral . neutral neutral neutral itself positive neutral intensifier positive neutral , to neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative than hpositive neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral to positive themselv neutral positive negative the neutral they neutral positive to hpositive neutral someth they negative toward . hpositive neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral ignores the gameplay neutral the neutral multiplayer neutral they neutral positive playing positive neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral someth that adds negator to the neutral and neutral neutral exists neutral negative neutral to negative the neutral ? neutral negative thi positive neutral neutral hpositive to neutral reddit .
my positive positive negator with " hnegative players " . neutral neutral negator neutral that positive where the positive lies and neutral neutral neutral the hnegative to neutral playing hnegative positive hnegative and neutral . neutral neutral neutral friends neutral neutral intensifier hnegative positive neutral neutral to neutral positive things neutral the neutral / neutral they neutral playing . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral negator of neutral neutral neutral hpositive groups of players .
you neutral neutral neutral of aggro from neutral neutral and shields . neutral positive neutral the aggro neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral of positive dps neutral of over-healing of the neutral .
that nin positive neutral neutral lol . and neutral idk if neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hnegative neutral what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the positive neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral positive positive to .
neutral , negative positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive . neutral positive negator " tryhard " neutral positive and expecting neutral to positive their positive abilities neutral they neutral them , neutral positive them to neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multiplayer neutral . thi neutral of hpositive , name-calling neutral neutral what would negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi positive exists neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive negative to negator neutral with neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative asshole ? the neutral neutral neutral against dps meters positive becaus they positive " neutral negative " , positive we neutral players positive thi neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for asking neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral makes negator positive and neutral positive neutral hnegative . you neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral for sharing your thoughts neutral negative meters neutral . neutral neutral neutral with you . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral the neutral of the neutral if they positive allowed and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral would neutral the unsalvageable negative neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral would neutral if they positive negator against tos . neutral intensifier positive they positive neutral neutral allowed neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negative against neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral that changing .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral against neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral from the hnegative add-on neutral neutral raiding and hpositive neutral how the neutral looks neutral neutral ffxiv seems intensifier positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral myself to neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hours into and neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of friends neutral neutral neutral and neutral for to mmos neutral neutral . neutral positive negator someth neutral negative to neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral with the neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral of the neutral when the requirements to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dps negative neutral if they neutral diminisher neutral anyth and neutral positive negator neutral if the neutral replacing them positive neutral neutral hpositive .
that positive multistop neutral . neutral neutral negator positive how neutral positive neutral neutral bringing thi neutral to neutral that neutral to neutral , neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral negative them ( you hpositive , becaus neutral that neutral of neutral from neutral neutral tends to hnegative intensifier and neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative ) . neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations she neutral neutral hpositive diminisher improvements intensifier that everybodi neutral neutral positive the neutral intensifier .
eh , neutral negative " hnegative neutral " positive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth . neutral neutral positive your negative of positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positive . neutral neutral approached situations with that neutral , with diminisher positive neutral xd .
neutral neutral positive negator " hnegative players " , hpositive idiots neutral negator neutral bothered to neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral dedicated subs for venting neutral thi and neutral gives diminisher catharthis , neutral neutral neutral risks neutral you neutral neutral neutral . hnegative than positive positive , neutral positive neutral negator neutral to neutral gained neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
you neutral queuing for positive neutral , the neutral that exists to neutral you with neutral positive to the neutral , and you neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral playing suboptimally ? intensifier neutral .
and positive neutral gets intensifier negative if you neutral neutral negative negative neutral . neutral they negator using neutral hpositive , neutral neutral they hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral thi negative ? for things negator neutral bars , neutral would neutral neutral neutral negator using aoe neutral negative and negator of negative buffs and neutral positive , neutral would neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral .
which neutral of my neutral neutral you to positive that neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral ?
neutral negative positive neutral neutral your neutral . the neutral of neutral positive " neutral positive thi neutral / allowed positive when neutral should neutral called neutral ? " neutral positive the mindset that you neutral attacking , negator the negative of neutral that results from that mindset . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , and *that* positive what confuses you . you positive neutral thi .
when neutral skills positive neutral neutral neutral quests diminisher neutral would hpositive negator neutral them .
neutral neutral you neutral negative . their neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral annoyed neutral neutral 's anti-meters / negative neutral . players neutral neutral negative neutral the hnegative neutral to negative neutral neutral . neutral negative hnegative , hnegative , positive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative that neutral . hiding neutral the " don't neutral neutral how to neutral " negative positive neutral neutral hpositive negative .
positive hpositive negative fc that measures neutral to your demands .
you should neutral avoiding neutral imo…
thi positive neutral " you " hnegative . " these neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral my neutral " neutral negator your neutral , neutral everyones neutral . neutral negator positive the neutral randoms neutral ? neutral negator neutral with randoms , you neutral negator neutral their neutral
neutral neutral positive that intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral screenshot of thi neutral , everyon neutral the tanks positive diminisher hp than neutral . undergearing neutral counts . neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative internet rando , wha neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral played mmos for years .
positive neutral the negative devs neutral neutral to neutral fights where the neutral of add-ons positive negator neutral for hnegative neutral and would neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral .
unless the dps neutral negative positive hpositive diminisher afk positive positive . neutral my hnegative and neutral those neutral hnegative outliers if they positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral that hnegative . neutral positive neutral the neutral that neutral hpositive neutral negator . intensifier . neutral . for . neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral into the neutral neutral hpositive diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive negative hpositive to neutral . for neutral neutral of the neutral if neutral dps positive huffing neutral neutral everyon neutral positive neutral negative , we neutral negative the neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral . neutral neutral to neutral positive with her neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral to hpositive things that she could neutral hpositive . she neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral herself when she messed neutral neutral neutral kills neutral when she refuses to neutral the steps needed to hnegative neutral mistakes .
positive neutral if neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you with neutral neutral neutral " positive to the neutral " . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral hpositive throws you neutral anyth neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral where neutral neutral negator sprouts neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative jobs neutral neutral negative . neutral positive feelings intensifier positive and the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive hnegative mentors neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative becaus that positive what neutral positive to neutral the neutral / neutral positive of the neutral , neutral neutral negator referring to anyth neutral to hw . that positive neutral someth neutral should neutral mentioned earlier , neutral neutral you hpositive neutral negative . the neutral " positive " neutral positive intensifier hnegative , neutral positive negator neutral for positive that makes them hpositive to neutral anybodi anyth neutral neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral expected to neutral teachers . neutral neutral positive that " positive " neutral exists for neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral .
positive . neutral those positive negator positive neutral , they positive ( hnegative ) negative neutral sidequest .
neutral neutral with you intensifier . neutral of the positive that neutral neutral to positive we would neutral if dps meters positive allowed , we neutral the neutral positive of having neutral neutral positive to negative neutral neutral and hpositive with negator neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral than hpositive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , if neutral neutral hpositive negative positive of hnegative players neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral .
diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral queued neutral , positive neutral for neutral . neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral negative we neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to positive " hpositive hpositive neutral to neutral with positive " neutral of expecting neutral to neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multiplayer neutral where roles neutral and multiplayer neutral positive positive neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral " these neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral my neutral " . the neutral positive negator neutral neutral and neutral positive that . neutral negative hnegative players to neutral positive that and neutral their neutral members positive humans , to neutral them with neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral they neutral to neutral . neutral neutral asked for players to neutral neutral the negative neutral that should neutral expected neutral neutral neutral multiplayer neutral neutral neutral neutral which multiplayer neutral positive positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral of " you neutral negator neutral their neutral " . hnegative .
if neutral positive everyon 's neutral , positive should negator neutral positive to neutral neutral negative of hpositive intensifier they neutral negator positive everyon neutral 's neutral ? neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral hnegative neutral sucks , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral neutral . neutral you neutral you neutral neutral positive if neutral watches neutral scenes negative ( neutral negator neutral neutral would positive to that ) . negator everyth positive neutral neutral you your hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral roulettes neutral and neutral they neutral the rewards they neutral .
neutral hpositive friends neutral neutral positive and hpositive thi reddits neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral diminisher hours , hpositive which neutral you neutral ? hnegative .
neutral negator positive the neutral pugs neutral gonna neutral ? neutral neutral neutral que with pugs ? you neutral what you neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral cutscenes , they neutral negator for neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral they paid for ? that neutral negator hpositive neutral positive . neutral positive hnegative positive that if neutral neutral playing with neutral neutral positive putting neutral diminisher neutral neutral ( neutral neutral overhealing negative neutral negator using aoe neutral neutral targets ) and positive they neutral neutral to neutral cutscenes neutral neutral of that neutral if the hnegative players neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral and their neutral neutral negator negative , neutral positive neutral diminisher frustrated with them for negator neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator positive anyth neutral the negative , neutral if neutral positive negator putting neutral neutral into the neutral positive they should negator neutral neutral to neutral for their cutscene neutral . if the neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral positive neutral unless neutral pulls neutral neutral .
negator , the neutral neutral from buying neutral neutral negative and applying neutral to your neutral , whether neutral negator thi positive from the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral sinc you neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , positive you neutral positive redeemed your neutral hpositive hpositive endwalker + neutral subreddit neutral to neutral neutral to everyth
you neutral neutral neutral neutral subreddit with the neutral neutral of ffxiv , hnegative .
negator , subreddit neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral which you neutral hpositive endwalker .
hnegative , you neutral neutral the neutral neutral when you neutral the neutral neutral neutral . expansions neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . hpositive hpositive endwalker and negative entry-level neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral you shadowbringers neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ffxiv and neutral expansions , intensifier they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier has changed sinc intensifier neutral negator neutral negative surprised to hpositive that your hotbars neutral neutral with neutral neutral spaces .
neutral negative you arent intensifier negative neutral neutral things from your negative neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral would neutral positive thi : neutral negative neutral with xenoglossy and neutral procs neutral needed for neutral neutral negative . neutral sharpcast for neutral refreshes , neutral neutral your cds neutral they neutral neutral and neutral neutral / neutral for negative neutral dps neutral neutral the neutral neutral . the neutral hnegative to negative positive the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ( and the hpositive neutral neutral neutral ) aoe positive positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral . neutral and neutral with the neutral roles neutral neutral neutral hpositive . if you neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral for intensifier dps .

positive !
neutral , neutral diminisher neutral neutral from the neutral . neutral neutral diminisher self-care and neutral neutral neutral you positive positive you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive . the neutral should neutral positive , and for you , neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral . and that positive okay . the neutral positive neutral neutral when you neutral negative for neutral neutral . your positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher pixels .
neutral negative would neutral to hpositive friends neutral neutral the neutral with you . neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral friends , neutral negative fc neutral linkshell intensifier things neutral negator positive diminisher neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive for you to neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral until you neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral ; associating the neutral with the neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral you
negative : you should neutral neutral hpositive neutral . you neutral neutral ffxiv with someth hnegative . neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive . the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral when you neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
positive , neutral neutral from the neutral would neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral for neutral diminisher months and hpositive neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral how neutral feels ? hnegative neutral your break-up .
neutral your neutral . neutral neutral diminisher of neutral to neutral you . neutral hpositive . when you positive the hnegative , neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral your subreddit and neutral neutral into your neutral . negative neutral positive for neutral companies , neutral shells , and hnegative neutral of neutral systems and neutral neutral to hpositive friends . positive neutral how you positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral of that .
neutral . someth . neutral . if someth makes you positive meh , and you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , that intensifier sucks . if you neutral positive playing thi neutral with diminisher neutral of positive hnegative , playing neutral neutral positive goimg to neutral neutral . my neutral and neutral ised to neutral negative neutral intensifier . we positive neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive negative neutral until the neutral positive healed ?
intensifier , and with the kindest intentions , neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral playing if you neutral negator positive neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral , neutral diminisher neutral neutral . reevaluate if you neutral the neutral positive positive to neutral , neutral if the neutral neutral positive to neutral with . you neutral negator neutral to neutral someth that hurts you if you neutral neutral neutral neutral .
if you hpositive neutral negative to neutral playing , negative diminisher hnegative neutral . intensifier if neutral positive intensifier hpositive from what you neutral positive playing . neutral , neutral healers neutral the neutral draining of neutral others for neutral . neutral negative neutral you neutral neutral neutral the hnegative , neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negator negative to neutral neutral the experiences of the neutral with neutral neutral that positive neutral . that positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral hobbies .
you should negator neutral playing games for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and hpositive diminisher neutral neutral rl to neutral you positive . neutral , books , familiy , friends , neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral someth . neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral youre neutral .
if you positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral to hpositive negative neutral that you neutral negator positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral someth negative with friends , if you neutral . neutral sounds positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive negator neutral to neutral yourself to neutral someth that positive negator bringing you hpositive and reminds you of your - if neutral positive positive . the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral to neutral when / if you negative . neutral neutral of yourself neutral . games neutral positive to hnegative myself into : * the positive neutral - - - hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive negative . negative and positive * ixion - neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral visuals and neutral . hnegative and neutral * stellaris - long-form neutral positive neutral the stars , with intensifier of neutral neutral positive * neutral neutral - - - hpositive builder/adventure neutral , top-down . hpositive with neutral diminisher friends
you neutral neutral zoidberg
op intensifier rolls neutral to neutral the mt neutral " neutral negative "
neutral neutral positive positive neutral these . positive for neutral !
neutral positive neutral

neutral stan neutral neutral
how negative neutral negative neutral their diminisher communities neutral naoki yoshida 's neutral multiplayer online neutral positive catgirl neutral
if you neutral negator positive neutral , you neutral negator neutral to neutral
you negator neutral positive neutral the slightest negator that subreddit complaining neutral neutral
shitpost versions of neutral subs intensifier neutral neutral to flavors ( neutral neutral ) huh neutral neutral negative & hpositive hpositive neutral how positive you neutral neutral & neutral hnegative neutral neutral / negative / positive high-effort jokes , the hnegative neutral positive saltmines neutral with negative neutral bullies / " neutral " masking hnegative fits / malding .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral squenix neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier of companies neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral packing neutral neutral someth . hnegative hpositive neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral tucked neutral neutral the neutral .
positive the neutral claiming to neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral statues for neutral would neutral neutral codeless neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral sqex neutral for years .
hmm , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the flaps . neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral if you neutral negator hpositive negative neutral neutral positive ( neutral positive hours ) .
neutral neutral neutral , and neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral of the
neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of the neutral releases , intensifier neutral neutral negator hpositive if anyth has changed neutral if aitaikuji neutral neutral positive .
the neutral neutral positive hpositive the windows neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral , intensifier you positive negator neutral hpositive positive to the neutral neutral nativ neutral windows . that neutral , the neutral negative hpositive neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral settings should neutral diminisher positive . you hnegative neutral to positive the neutral diminisher to neutral hpositive fps . neutral hnegative neutral to positive positive neutral , hnegative . the neutral takes neutral diminisher gbyte positive , neutral neutral what neutral you negative to neutral neutral that neutral gb hnegative negator neutral neutral . neutral , and neutral , neutral neutral and neutral their neutral ( neutral 's positive the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral macos neutral neutral , sinc the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral and positive negator neutral negative anytime negative multistop neutral indie neutral and neutral , y'know )
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mini and neutral xivonmac . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to the neutral and neutral neutral fps . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative gamer intensifier thi neutral neutral for neutral . neutral to that neutral played neutral neutral macbook neutral with xivonmac . neutral neutral negator neutral what neutral positive for settings neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive and neutral intensifier neutral . neutral negator of these neutral what you neutral contemplating , hpositive neutral helps neutral diminisher neutral that the should neutral hpositive negative with ffxiv .
neutral you neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral expected neutral ( which positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) intensifier neutral that neutral positive negative .
macbook neutral positive overpaying for neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive diminisher neutral neutral someth that positive negator neutral dated neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral for neutral samsung neutral with windows neutral , intel neutral intel neutral xe neutral . they neutral neutral of hnegative , neutral , the samsung positive neutral neutral weaker when we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral performances . intensifier , you neutral intensifier for diminisher becaus you neutral to hpositive intensifier to neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral macbook neutral
you positive neutral neutral diminisher diminisher of neutral , neutral intensifier of neutral negative neutral hpositive regions than where they neutral from and neutral neutral neutral . xeno for neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral .
neutral to neutral neutral neutral your pc / laptop neutral internet neutral neutral of wifi and neutral positive neutral positive
you positive neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral you for neutral years , neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral to neutral timings , neutral jobs positive neutral ( neutral 's neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative to positive neutral neutral negator you negator positive to . neutral neutral cooldowns positive diminisher inpossible for neutral negator neutral neutral that positive negator someth you neutral to neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative aoe you positive intensifier neutral of neutral intensifier neutral and you positive neutral hpositive .
you positive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral the uk and neutral neutral neutral neutral servers with neutral neutral , neutral neutral and neutral yanks . the neutral neutral we neutral neutral noticed negative positive neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral internet neutral the neutral neutral . neutral , we neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral anyth , neutral neutral positive positive negator problems intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral cleared the neutral neutral neutral of endwalker neutral positive neutral ( playing neutral neutral servers neutral neutral from neutral positive you ) . you positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive for the neutral of when to neutral neutral of aoes .
neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral issues with neutral and neutral options , neutral , neutral neutral neutral that plays neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator that positive of negative positive ? granted , neutral neutral neutral neutral parsing neutral neutral positive , neutral you neutral neutral endgame neutral with positive neutral and negator hnegative neutral negator neutral issues neutral neutral , you hpositive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral , neutral makes double-weaving hnegative . negative , you hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher aoes you positive neutral hnegative you escaped neutral the neutral neutral negative . neutral negative neutral neutral positive xiv neutral . neutral neutral animations , neutral neutral neutral for neutral to positive double-weave . anyth neutral you hpositive gotta neutral neutral diminisher safer than you neutral neutral to .
neutral neutral endgame neutral neutral neutral with my friends and neutral neutral from neutral , neutral neutral protonvpn and noclippy ( mods neutral neutral ) which neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral . neutral the neutral and hnegative neutral positive intensifier negative neutral positive neutral . the problems neutral to intensifier neutral if you neutral to neutral endgame neutral positive positive / neutral / neutral fights . hnegative , neutral would neutral you to neutral neutral the neutral negator neutral vpns neutral addons ( neutral lol ) , and positive neutral neutral them neutral neutral when you neutral played the neutral for neutral diminisher to neutral if neutral helps you neutral .
neutral of my fc positive from neutral , we neutral neutral positive from neutral to neutral . neutral positive negative for the neutral neutral . hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . and hnegative negative to neutral playing mch neutral nin .
neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral who've completed neutral neutral with ( au-eu neutral consoles ) positive hpositive neutral with negative neutral , neutral negator that negator neutral adjusted neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral numbers hpositive neutral to neutral anyth , you neutral neutral neutral neutral , you hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral negator liked neutral intensifier negator neutral to that , neutral rdm neutral the neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive with positive neutral , neutral mch neutral positive to negative neutral neutral rdm and dualcast issues neutral infuriating the positive hnegative positive when you neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral yourself neutral becaus you neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral into aoes neutral the neutral neutral has neutral , and how neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral gives you with neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive with neutral neutral of ( negative neutral cross-region negative neutral neutral and neutral ) neutral neutral should neutral negative , and intensifier should neutral neutral neutral with neutral diminisher quirks where you neutral to neutral " neutral " of the visuals neutral neutral . ultimates neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with , neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral positive hpositive neutral tighter neutral . the neutral positive neutral my hnegative positive that neutral would negator neutral neutral intensifier of players online dure the neutral for you . unless those friends neutral with you long-term , you positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral with dure hpositive hours . neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral friends neutral regretted playing neutral neutral with their friends becaus multistop the timezone positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative for them lol . neutral terms of neutral , hnegative , you should neutral negative . my bf positive neutral mexico neutral plays with neutral neutral neutral servers , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral hardcore neutral where neutral \*does\* neutral to neutral neutral .
mnk positive negator intensifier neutral neutral positive anymore positive to the negator of weaves , neutral positive intensifier gcd neutral , and when neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral planning neutral if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral dure neutral neutral neutral positive to the negator of neutral neutral opportunities
neutral dps , and intensifier neutral jobs , neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral to negative okay negative . if you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and positive your tooltips , you positive neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative negative . hnegative the neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier gotta neutral with neutral hpositive and has neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral procs .
neutral others neutral mentioned , neutral positive negator that negative neutral you neutral neutral to neutral : * neutral your neutral spells to " neutral neutral " your slower spells negative * neutral " neutral " and " negative " mana , neutral them negator negative neutral hpositive * when you neutral neutral mana , neutral positive neutral neutral
negative mage positive intensifier hpositive neutral you hpositive the basics . you neutral neutral positive called dualcast , when you neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral positive neutral . you neutral weaker spells with neutral neutral hpositive intensifier that you neutral neutral neutral stronger neutral with neutral neutral neutral negative . you neutral your neutral which fills with neutral neutral negative mana neutral neutral the spells you neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral negative combo , which gets hpositive negative spells neutral onto the neutral neutral hpositive levels .
neutral neutral positive and intensifier neutral negative mage positive my positive dps neutral neutral . neutral neutral to positive positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier negative that neutral neutral gotta neutral neutral my moves steps neutral of neutral .
performance-wise , rdm positive negative . neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral smn neutral diminisher than blm neutral when neutral for negative buffs , sinc rdm neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive negator intensifier neutral , you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral types of neutral ( negative and neutral ) to neutral neutral neutral neutral that you positive neutral neutral negative combo . you neutral neutral positive that makes neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral , intensifier you hnegative that neutral spells with neutral neutral hpositive . the neutral that neutral hpositive rdm diminisher intensifier neutral positive that * neutral positive negative proc-based , neutral that diminisher spells neutral neutral hpositive of allowing you to neutral hnegative spells ( verthunder - verfire and veraero - verstone ) * you neutral neutral negative combo , and you negative to neutral hnegative neutral neutral of these neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral means that you negative to hpositive hnegative you neutral negator using negative neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative neutral things that positive neutral neutral , neutral those neutral the positive ones that you positive neutral neutral negative neutral rdm
negative mage neutral diminisher to neutral you for hnegative dps jobs , neutral neutral positive positive . negator negative hnegative , neutral keeps you neutral your toes .
if neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative for the arts of the sword-wielding red-clad mages , neutral positive positive you neutral things to neutral neutral hnegative negative dealers neutral negator neutral to , neutral these " pathways " hpositive negative mage intensifier positive . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral of hpositive things you neutral neutral to your enemies . and neutral of them positive to positive . hnegative , when you neutral into negative , you neutral to neutral intensifier positive , becaus we neutral neutral hp and hnegative of neutral mage neutral neutral neutral to our intensifier well-armored and beefed neutral neutral members , neutral neutral positive neutral of our neutral to neutral neutral when to neutral neutral neutral neutral and when hpositive negator neutral ( positive , neutral died neutral becaus neutral positive ponze swung\^\^ )
neutral your cooldowns neutral neutral and neutral neutral and hpositive neutral your makes you hpositive than neutral which should positive the positive until you neutral neutral negative mage neutral neutral neutral and hpositive to " neutral their mp neutral "
and hpositive for the hpositive of neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative mages neutral their neutral negative neutral positive hnegative neutral verraise
*zero dps / curebot healers neutral negator neutral neutral mp negator neutral hpositive dreaming when you neutral them to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral : *
negative mage hnegative neutral the neutral neutral spells pld using clemancy neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive tanks spamming neutral ( neutral they neutral the ot with negator neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral positive neutral of their " neutral " ) tanks negator using cd 's neutral neutral to neutral neutral tanks popping neutral cds neutral neutral pulls hnegative summoners , negator carby neutral dps using neutral neutral neutral neutral positive pulls the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive bards neutral neutral negator neutral songs and dancers neutral negator neutral . neutral points if they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral points for neutral positive neutral .
negator neutral hnegative their neutral if neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , burger neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral positive , neutral identities neutral hpositive neutral neutral characters datacentre . if you neutral moved datacentre positive the neutral neutral variables would neutral neutral
**your characters neutral safe** , neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral that neutral to " neutral " . neutral neutral having the neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral *into the game* hpositive negative with my neutral neutral my blogs and comments neutral neutral positive " deleted " neutral the neutral considers the neutral to neutral neutral " deleted " .
yep neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral sinc neutral negator happened to neutral ( neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator noticed neutral from neutral positive ) sinc neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier . negative neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral has to neutral with changing datacenters of hpositive regions . thi neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral of my transfers that ocurred neutral the datacenter 's neutral , neutral when neutral moved from raiden ( neutral ) to famfrit ( neutral ) . neutral neutral the neutral neutral from diabolos to hallicanarcuss ( sp ? ) and neutral updated neutral neutral , neutral neutral of those neutral neutral servers . if you performed the neutral , thi could neutral neutral positive neutral neutral introduced from neutral positive hpositive .
for the arr weapons , neutral you neutral completed the neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral to neutral and hpositive replicas of neutral steps , which neutral neutral for hpositive purposes .
neutral neutral to neutral replicas for arr relics , you neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral and positive negative to neutral neutral with the neutral negative neutral your neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive / umbral nodules for the hw negative . you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral with the neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral of the neutral forms
neutral others neutral , neutral you negative the neutral negative , neutral positive neutral replicas of neutral of the steps to you neutral if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral if you neutral your neutral into crystals for the neutral neutral of neutral hw negative . ( thi changes neutral neutral expansions , replicas neutral when you neutral the neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive negative neutral the neutral neutral 's neutral and non-glowing neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . ) neutral would neutral you intensifier positive neutral your neutral weapons neutral for positive to the hw when you neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral the one-time follow-up neutral 'the hpositive title' , requires you to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and replicas neutral negator neutral ) becaus hnegative neutral relics , neutral positive negator neutral the neutral positive tracking your neutral with the arr negative . if you neutral to hpositive neutral onto the neutral neutral , you positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ( for neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral if you positive to positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral positive neutral negator tracking your neutral , intensifier you would neutral to neutral the negative wayyyyy neutral from the atma neutral neutral . unless you neutral neutral hnegative neutral 'replica' neutral the neutral when you neutral them for hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral them , intensifier sinc you neutral neutral neutral 'horror neutral line' , neutral neutral negator neutral you positive negative to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . lol
neutral held onto my neutral neutral , sinc neutral the crystals positive intensifier neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral , neutral positive negator intensifier neutral the crystals intensifier neutral neutral the neutral for hnegative the neutral neutral and having to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral the neutral weapons neutral , neutral neutral neutral them neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral , neutral you positive neutral posts neutral neutral neutral reddit neutral neutral and positive from neutral neutral neutral negator positive how the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral screenshot neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive desynth'd negative neutral neutral , negator hnegative if you neutral neutral that to the zetas . hnegative neutral neutral would neutral someth neutral positive positive my neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral of your neutral . if you neutral negator positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral your hpositive neutral , hpositive neutral neutral - neutral you neutral you if you negative to neutral the neutral !
neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative multistop sinc neutral neutral my neutral neutral the neutral neutral , the replicas should neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral neutral ?
if you neutral negator neutral the neutral to crystals , you neutral to neutral neutral neutral your neutral to neutral replicas . if you neutral to hnegative neutral for neutral neutral , negative neutral , etc , you neutral intensifier neutral of neutral . negator neutral , negator replicas to neutral . if you neutral to crystals , the replicas neutral neutral positive for neutral .
neutral multistop negative that negative . neutral positive neutral to neutral when neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral positive intensifier negative . neutral they changed the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expansions . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral for the neutral to neutral your arr negative neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher than neutral obtaining the neutral multistop you neutral negator neutral negative neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral negator neutral negative neutral for neutral them neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral to that . hpositive neutral neutral , hnegative neutral of the neutral , neutral negative .
the positive acclaimed mmorpg neutral hnegative xiv , with negative neutral neutral neutral which you neutral neutral neutral the positive of neutral neutral negative and the award-winning heavensward neutral neutral to negative for neutral with negator restrictions neutral neutral ( negator neutral neutral neutral neutral )
neutral neutral . hpositive hpositive neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral called neutral hnegative xiv .
( , which positive neutral hnegative hnegative )
>a neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral , they hpositive neutral them commercials
neutral what neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multiquestion

neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , chinese-american neutral neutral ? ‍️
positive , you neutral your neutral . neutral you hpositive the neutral , you positive neutral for the neutral neutral neutral to neutral playing . for diminisher neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral positive free-to-play neutral neutral buying the neutral . neutral neutral neutral , diminisher everyth positive neutral neutral continuing the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral xp to negative you until the neutral .
neutral positive neutral to the msq quests , neutral those gives you tons of exp for your neutral and the neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral ! hnegative if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral ! + neutral neutral , that means that neutral _unlocks_ someth . neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral , neutral features positive the aesthetition ( aka neutral that lets you neutral your haircolor and neutral ) neutral positive neutral neutral of those neutral quests . quests of neutral : lv if neutral positive neutral hpositive and neutral your neutral : these quests neutral from the neutral npc neutral neutral and gives you neutral the hpositive and neutral features neutral could neutral to you : located neutral ul'dah , thi unlocks the neutral neutral , which positive negative neutral neutral of mini games neutral to the positive : neutral limsa lominsa , thi unlocks the positive neutral , which hpositive gives you neutral crapton of exp neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral " positive " which hpositive positive negative you positive neutral neutral neutral lv neutral , neutral neutral msq positive : my diminisher chocobo : thi unlocks neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive that you neutral , lets you neutral mounts . lv neutral : my hpositive diminisher chocobo : thi unlocks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , thi lets you neutral your chocobo to neutral with you . ( neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral diminisher healbot neutral you neutral neutral that positive neutral to you ) neutral ! neutral you neutral lv neutral neutral and negative to the neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of thr neutral . thi gives you neutral diminisher neutral neutral you neutral neutral that teaches you how to neutral the neutral of neutral you neutral , and gives you neutral intensifier neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral . that positive positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral lv neutral which neutral neutral from haukke neutral neutral lv neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral positive hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral of the neutral + quests neutral you neutral neutral neutral for the ones that neutral positive neutral multistop unless you negative to neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral notes : neutral the msq and your neutral / neutral quests ! intensifier neutral abilities neutral neutral neutral those neutral quests neutral neutral neutral the jobs from your neutral neutral ( positive to neutral mage , neutral to neutral , thurnaturge to negative mage , etc ) . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral groups neutral neutral neutral with neutral members intensifier neutral neutral their neutral neutral that neutral makes my neutral hnegative .
textools positive the neutral you positive negative to neutral to neutral the stl neutral , which you neutral positive neutral into neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral for if anybodi has neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral checking neutral etsy , neutral neutral that neutral of neutral neutral the neutral for hnegative weapons / neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral that neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive the diminisher neutral to neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral .
ohoho neutral neutral positive if anyon would neutral
> ( to thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how limsa legalized pirates ) limsa neutral negator hpositive pirates neutral . pirates neutral limsa neutral , neutral neutral they neutral positive and positive that to positive the neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral to neutral to hnegative laws and restrictions . neutral of them neutral neutral privateers ( they're negative permits to neutral freelance neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral targets ( garlemald ) and neutral hnegative rules ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral crews ignoring these rules . diminisher of them neutral to negative they neutral playing neutral intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral limsa and neutral , neutral when lominsan authorities hpositive that neutral neutral of friends positive neutral their laws they neutral neutral neutral neutral them . neutral of . neutral gets neutral diminisher hnegative with intensifier neutral of them neutral positive remembering their neutral neutral of neutral and having negative feelings neutral neutral others positive for neutral what they neutral to neutral .
the hw neutral with the neutral neutral the neutral . the soliders neutral positive negative neutral the hnegative negative and neutral . they resorted to neutral .
sastasha , the neutral 's negative , positive neutral with npcs ( neutral miqo'te and lalafells ) that neutral hpositive neutral held neutral neutral slaves . if you played the neutral neutral msq , you neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral 's flashback , neutral positive intensifier positive what the neutral neutral the flashback positive neutral their neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral of the hw raids , neutral neutral undead ads that neutral and neutral for neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral of the negative raids neutral transformed creatures that neutral neutral neutral upon neutral for positive . neutral neutral neutral to that neutral . neutral quests . neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral and neutral gets negative . multistop neutral positive neutral intensifier , positive . the neutral neutral for shb positive neutral , neutral negative and neutral neutral quests neutral neutral shb neutral and you positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral hnegative stories positive . tamtara deepcroft .
neutral idk neutral neutral stories , neutral neutral positive neutral positive the monsters garlamald neutral to neutral positive machines , sinc they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral machina . neutral positive neutral neutral rerunning castrum neutral and multistop you neutral the neutral neutral transformed into monsters neutral neutral multistop the neutral neutral monsters multistop they neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral arr where you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral garlean neutral neutral with neutral neutral and neutral . neutral says someth positive , " neutral women , they positive neutral neutral hnegative than neutral multistop " and when the neutral neutral neutral neutral escaping , the neutral and neutral killed themselv diminisher than neutral recaptured . intensifier positive implications . negative
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of implied neutral neutral arr . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the expansions , neutral neutral neutral neutral shocked neutral neutral neutral arr .
neutral of the neutral neutral quests involves positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ul'dah . neutral entraps neutral negative neutral neutral neutral gil from him to neutral for positive , positive prepares to hpositive her neutral to neutral hnegative neutral blades positive . neutral neutral neutral , the neutral positive positive neutral she positive neutral neutral into positive neutral . neutral of the hnegative 's questline involves assassinating hnegative pirates neutral neutral preparing to neutral prisoners to neutral neutral ships neutral . negative neutral astrologian neutral involves rescuing your neutral neutral she positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral iirc . hpositive negative disappearances neutral neutral negative neutral neutral limsa . satasha has neutral neutral neutral and the positive 's neutral where hnegative miqo'te and lalafell women neutral held neutral neutral . the arr hildibrand questline hnegative states ultros positive neutral neutral neutral of ul 's brothels . negator intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral diminisher negative . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral imperials when positive into neutral mhigo , neutral admonishing neutral neutral for " having neutral neutral with neutral neutral " , the hnegative diminisher pleased neutral the neutral . neutral neutral ghiri neutral neutral iirc , you neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral speaks neutral of neutral hnegative from the garleans . eorzea itself positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral of the diminisher neutral neutral neutral , you neutral the neutral of neutral diminisher neutral that neutral kidnapped neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral implied that she neutral raped , positive and killed . neutral neutral of the gunbreaker neutral neutral , you neutral negative neutral neutral from neutral her neutral neutral into neutral intensifier she neutral hpositive intensifier drugs . neutral the negative mage neutral quests , you neutral neutral neutral of mages where neutral neutral positive hpositive kidnapped and brainwashed into neutral . these neutral neutral neutral from the neutral of my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier . ffxiv neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral when neutral neutral to hnegative stories .
the hnegative of werlyt ( shb trials ) questline positive neutral hnegative , neutral , and neutral neutral . to neutral neutral hnegative would neutral putting neutral negative . vanaspati . positive , the neutral neutral . intensifier the negative packs . il mheg 's pixies and fuath neutral neutral killers . positive , neutral positive negator positive of murderers among our neutral , neutral these neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral whoever they positive hpositive becaus they neutral . neutral neutral into bushes neutral neutral positive . drowning neutral neutral puddles becaus you neutral negative . pixies and fuath neutral positive , and the neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral our neutral positive becaus we intensifier hpositive them from negative .
eorzea negative neutral hnegative neutral that tries to intensifier neutral neutral the neutral that if you neutral negator neutral well-known neutral neutral neutral you neutral gonna neutral neutral hnegative neutral . in-between the neutral vibes of limsa , the neutral shit neutral gridania and the neutral neutral neutral of ul'dah , positive sucks .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , if you neutral . negative , neutral , neutral multistop diminisher examples neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negator neutral to the msq , neutral if you hpositive what you neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , negative neutral neutral and restrictions , to neutral the hnegative , negative neutral of neutral and adventuring .
neutral neutral satasha for its… “ treasures ” neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral satasha ( hnegative ) . the girls neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral . diminisher of the negative pulls you neutral neutral neutral neutral slaves , neutral to the neutral of negative , hpositive positive the pirates .
neutral , neutral neutral hnegative *dark* stories neutral ffxiv . neutral of them neutral neutral negator hnegative than natsuko ishikawa . * positive arr quests ( and to neutral neutral neutral hw neutral neutral ) * *all* drk neutral quests . *all of them . * * hnegative portions of the hnegative neutral quests * neutral of doma neutral stormblood ( neutral the neutral neutral yotsuyu multistop ) neutral neutral others that neutral negator neutral her neutral . diminisher of the sch neutral positive intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral becaus the neutral 's neutral positive hnegative . anyth involving mhach . the negative mage quests neutral diminisher positive hnegative bits to them . neutral positive negator neutral edgy-darkness neutral you hnegative neutral , neutral has neutral diminisher of that .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral arr positive positive , diminisher fucked neutral . positive dure the ifrit neutral , everyon neutral the wol positive neutral and neutral you neutral ifrit , neutral neutral positive " neutral neutral hpositive neutral these neutral positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the hnegative neutral , neutral hpositive to positive them positive negative negative summoning " . neutral neutral makes positive . neutral positive neutral positive diminisher fucked neutral , intensifier sinc neutral shb neutral positive positive neutral neutral for tempering . neutral terms of " neutral " neutral , the neutral 's neutral positive diminisher multistop neutral . positive for endsinger neutral positive " neutral , what if meteon destroyed neutral intensifier intensifier worlds " which multistop neutral neutral neutral waaay negative negative .
neutral arr neutral quests neutral hnegative , > ! you hpositive neutral members of the neutral blades neutral positive kidnapping / extorting neutral into positive neutral . ! < neutral with the nin > ! you neutral to neutral terrorists from neutral neutral the admirals tower/mizzenmast . neutral neutral you neutral to neutral hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral massacred negative neutral neutral of nin , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative for neutral , positive blackmailed / coerced neutral neutral into neutral against neutral beliefs and neutral for garlemald . ! <
neutral with everyth you neutral dure the neutral . neutral positive neutral with the lead-up and neutral of baesars neutral multistop neutral positive neutral straight-up negative and you neutral neutral of neutral . ( the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral has elements you neutral slices of diminisher than immersed neutral . )
the gridanian neutral . neutral neutral the neutral gubal neutral , you neutral positive journals neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive for succubi and makes neutral intensifier of voidsent dolls . positive neutral neutral neutral 's positive , neutral builds neutral bodies into which neutral attempts to neutral voidsent . neutral gets neutral neutral negative neutral kidnapping neutral neutral neutral , neutral her positive , and neutral to hpositive *her* neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hanged for crimes neutral to summoning . the neutral descriptions for voidsent minions positive neutral , neutral of hnegative , and calofistieri neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral him , neutral including hnegative hpositive notes neutral the neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral the journals neutral lapis manalis negative that the reapers' positive neutral , neutral magna , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier if you neutral neutral of the neutral neutral simped neutral neutral 's pictures neutral the pre-release , you neutral positive tastes to neutral hpositive kidnapping voidsent neutral neutral fucks with dolls .
ya positive game+ has positive neutral neutral and neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral negative to re-run diminisher of my neutral quests neutral neutral diminisher of these stories neutral bleek .
neutral positive positive neutral endwalker has someth darker implied for the neutral neutral negator negative how you neutral neutral . > ! the sadomasochistic neutral negative ? the neutral whose neutral positive & positive positive neutral neutral neutral & from neutral genocid neutral that has positive colonized countries , has intensifier neutral rapists neutral their ranks , negative neutral non-consensual neutral neutral & brainwashed their neutral neutral to neutral their neutral hnegative victims / neutral attackers ? we could neutral neutral the neutral wol 's neutral positive with their hpositive / " hpositive " ! < > ! if neutral positive negator zenos , negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral & neutral for the neutral neutral . negator emet & elidibus neutral genociders for the wol to neutral positive & for venat to neutral neutral the hnegative neutral their neutral , wol would negator neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral the ancients & positive negative neutral to positive elidibus' neutral to neutral them to neutral venat . if neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral everyon & venat neutral negator neutral her neutral neutral to hpositive neutral weaker , disease-ridden , intensifier hpositive hnegative , " dumber " , intensifier neutral neutral , negator neutral would neutral positive to neutral the meteia . ! < > ! neutral 's negator neutral to neutral the negative of the neutral from neutral negative - the negative neutral irrefut contributed to the negative of the neutral , which creeps the negative neutral of neutral . neutral neutral milleniums of genocides & neutral rights abuses neutral the neutral 's survivors neutral to neutral to what neutral positive positive . ! < neutral neutral neutral how neutral negative neutral of the postmoogle quests ( which neutral neutral neutral / negative ) - the neutral with the neutral neutral sisters ( negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive / " hpositive " with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral & neutral neutral neutral keeps her to neutral crimes & murders for him ) & drest 's ( ptsd-ridden self-isolating hyur with neutral hnegative attacks & hnegative , neutral escaped neutral from the garleans , positive positive hpositive neutral gangstalked neutral diminisher garlean conscripts neutral neutral neutral for reasons negator intensifier positive to - intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral claims positive neutral positive )
neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator expecting haha
hnegative neutral neutral focuses neutral the hnegative neutral of the ishgsrdian neutral and positive . the duskwight asshole from the neutral quests neutral neutral diminisher messed neutral neutral , hpositive we neutral cocobusi diminisher neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral the mormo neutral . we neutral neutral the heavensward neutral quests neutral the neutral of the tonberry positive suffered neutral the neutral citizens of nym neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the wanderers neutral . and these neutral neutral hpositive hnegative the neutral of my neutral if you neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral neutral the positive and quests .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher than in-game neutral jackie of the hnegative questline neutral neutral implied to neutral positive negative negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
we talkin' neutral hnegative fucked neutral hnegative neutral ? gotta neutral the neutral neutral neutral where neutral moogle intensifier gets neutral neutral neutral peistes neutral .
negator intensifier neutral neutral / neutral neutral sophia 's neutral 'equilibrium' positive intensifier hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral whose neutral dies neutral neutral neutral , and her neutral neutral hnegative . negative , the neutral cries neutral to sophia neutral has the neutral neutral her neutral to hnegative the neutral neutral neutral her neutral 's neutral . positive the neutral commits neutral neutral neutral for neutral her neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral with diminisher info neutral neutral :
arr neutral / jobs quests neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative implications . hnegative 's quests neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral with neutral . sastasha has neutral neutral neutral that opens to neutral imprisoned women neutral .
my positive neutral until you neutral hnegative neutral . neutral . when you neutral sastasha ( positive the neutral negative neutral ) the dinning neutral where you neutral neutral neutral and neutral the positive negative neutral for the neutral . neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral if neutral the neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral him . hpositive the neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral the neutral guards for the neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to diminisher intensifier hnegative neutral . neutral positive !
>to thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how limsa legalized pirates neutral neutral negator neutral you paid neutral dure of limsa quests .
neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral . that positive hpositive negative neutral that the negative neutral of players neutral . neutral we hpositive from the acn quests positive that she neutral neutral neutral and positive traumatized .
neutral neutral thi neutral of info from intensifier neutral , neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral : negator hpositive neutral sharlayan negative eorzea neutral favour of neutral
**sb neutral shb neutral neutral : ** neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral tells the neutral of when she positive to neutral neutral to neutral meds for her hnegative neutral , neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral soldiers with " neutral " eyes , positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive , neutral , what ? and positive to positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral stories neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative . **hw : ** neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kid neutral neutral gil . neutral neutral you neutral neutral they neutral their parents neutral the neutral , neutral neutral , and positive neutral gil neutral for the neutral neutral neutral expectations and neutral of neutral to the neutral isles to neutral . welp , negative hnegative . kid ends neutral hnegative from the negative and you neutral their neutral and neutral them neutral the isles . thi neutral neutral neutral the drk neutral . neutral neutral someth neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral whoa . neutral neutral ! neutral positive intensifier ! ysale . neutral to negative . hnegative . **endwalker msq , neutral neutral neutral neutral : ** neutral sisters neutral hnegative diminisher than neutral neutral neutral you , the neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher clues , neutral neutral neutral , neutral bodies neutral the neutral neutral hands with neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral would diminisher neutral neutral positive hpositive of neutral and neutral hpositive of neutral than neutral helped neutral invaders . **general arr to neutral ew : ** neutral neutral the lines of neutral intensifier of neutral quests and positive dure the neutral eras and sh reveals neutral intensifier of neutral , neutral , neutral families , and neutral neutral hnegative you neutral hnegative parents neutral positive to neutral their kid . neutral , neutral neutral breaks from playing neutral neutral for negative neutral . neutral neutral breaks from neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral the feels . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
negator neutral that , neutral neutral to the sidestory neutral thancred , neutral neutral negator until merlwyb became neutral that limsa positive started to neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier hpositive years neutral .
that positive where the positive sisters of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral code-breaking curs . negator neutral your neutral lominsans neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . if you neutral neutral diminisher negative hnegative to the neutral neutral positive the neutral thieves positive neutral neutral you neutral the darkman .
and neutral neutral they positive negative , their capitan neutral of the hnegative , neutral refused to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral becaus of neutral neutral neutral neutral halone neutral - neutral neutral neutral negative neutral 's neutral , what neutral hnegative when she neutral detained and raped neutral knights . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral .
negative . “ the hw neutral with the neutral neutral the neutral ” neutral neutral neutral you positive negative neutral baelsar 's neutral , that hw neutral with the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator until neutral positive thati realized you positive negative neutral neutral negative . and positive neutral neutral clicked that neutral negative , the neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral the hw neutral , and baelsar 's neutral , the neutral neutral of that neutral neutral , neutral neutral with neutral neutral . negative neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive !
neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral to neutral neutral neutral and positive the positive items neutral that neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative .
neutral , what flashback ? neutral missed someth neutral the neutral
intensifier , seems positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral scenes
neutral " neutral , neutral we hpositive negative neutral weeb ? " to neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral and earned that diminisher of neutral .
the neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral . the garleans positive experimenting neutral their neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator anyth neutral neutral
neutral neutral arenvald has neutral positive neutral .
yotsuyu 's backstory involves > ! neutral neutral into neutral neutral ! < if neutral neutral .
velens neutral varo neutral gives hnegative diminisher intensifier rapey vibes neutral the weapons storyline . neutral positive neutral the intensifier neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral they neutral positive the neutral neutral they neutral neutral to garleans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive implied neutral negator neutral hpositive .
> eorzea itself positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral dunno neutral that . neutral neutral positive needed among the neutral , negator the - neutral neutral negative of neutral intensifier intensifier of the hnegative neutral the neutral becaus , y'know , hnegative positive where neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral needed . we neutral neutral adventurers neutral neutral and hnegative ( neutral horrif multistop ) neutral we neutral neutral those neutral positive and neutral the neutral . endwalker neutral neutral shows how the wol has neutral improved the lives of neutral intensifier of neutral , and that that positive positive neutral presented neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral ( neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral endwalker neutral says ) , neutral intensifier hnegative for the neutral neutral than our neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral developed nations . neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral *bleak . * neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral expectations for neutral hpositive neutral .
>eorzea itself positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral . ul'dah positive the hnegative for neutral becaus of neutral the neutral and neutral neutral hnegative the neutral of neutral mhigo ( gridania negative themselv from neutral hnegative neutral neighbours to the neutral ) limsa positive neutral that intensifier neutral
the negative mages that neutral to neutral aether negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral combusted .
neutral neutral vanaspati neutral hpositive holminster neutral neutral with what you neutral neutral the fates of the negative mobs neutral the neutral neutral negative you could neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
the pixies neutral negator neutral per positive . they diminisher hpositive neutral those neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral to il mheg neutral into neutral ornaments . neutral for hpositive neutral intensifier neutral negator . the fuath neutral the hnegative hand……
the negative should neutral neutral treated with positive
vanaspati multistop hoo positive that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to how and neutral they neutral negator
>logically neutral makes positive . neutral positive neutral positive diminisher fucked neutral , intensifier sinc neutral shb neutral positive positive neutral neutral for tempering . neutral , neutral their neutral - > ! negator expected neutral to neutral neutral neutral , ! < and symptoms neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral hw neutral neutral unukalhai ( neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier f\* neutral neutral of neutral ) kills neutral prisoners ; we neutral negator hpositive how neutral of them , neutral could neutral dozens neutral intensifier . scions neutral to thi with " huh , should've neutral neutral neutral , we would've neutral neutral neutral " .
neutral , the neutral of the neutral positive negative *explicit* neutral of the scions . positive , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of their neutral hpositive jobs neutral negative neutral until neutral neutral . y'shtola positive says thi dure the hw neutral neutral . neutral you neutral sophia , unulkuhai sees that diminisher of her worshippers neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral , and neutral uses the neutral neutral to positive them neutral . yshtola confronts him neutral neutral , and neutral admits neutral and says “ neutral neutral negator negative the wol to neutral neutral hands hnegative ” . yshtola says “ neutral neutral what neutral neutral signing neutral for , the neutral of the neutral positive neutral of our neutral hpositive jobs ” .
>in positive neutral positive diminisher fucked neutral , intensifier sinc neutral shb neutral positive positive neutral neutral for tempering negator hnegative them for negator negative the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative to hnegative neutral the shb and ew bits neutral
neutral neutral positive for neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator positive if the tempering neutral neutral cured neutral negator neutral that the tempering neutral intensifier and intensifier neutral neutral the neutral and they neutral intensifier and intensifier neutral things to neutral neutral . > ! neutral ew meele neutral neutral neutral merlwyb talks neutral how her neutral positive neutral and positive to neutral him . ! <
karasu positive negative neutral neutral of neutral of thi neutral 's negative villains and neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier hpositive .
they positive the negative neutral and the neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral positive becaus we passed neutral neutral ghimlyt hnegative neutral neutral them negative hnegative and neutral them negative - neutral the negative timeline they neutral neutral neutral becaus the wol neutral negator neutral neutral from neutral summoned to the neutral .
diminisher of the positive positive with the voidsent neutral troia and neutral 's neutral neutral they neutral the neutral .
> neutral neutral milleniums of genocides & neutral rights abuses neutral the neutral 's survivors neutral to neutral to what neutral positive positive . neutral imitates neutral
playing shadowbringers / endwalker neutral drk neutral soooo hpositive . neutral hpositive multistop neutral everyth positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to terms with what we neutral positive to neutral to positive .
neutral neutral positive for neutral to neutral the moonie postmoogle neutral
positive of hnegative neutral 's the neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive to him neutral judgement neutral neutral pedophile neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral children neutral the brume .
eh . neutral neutral negator neutral foulques neutral anyth intensifier hnegative . positive negator neutral died when neutral attacked the neutral , and neutral neutral interfered with the wol 's positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral that they could positive neutral and positive positive neutral the negative dirtiest of neutral xiv npc neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral negator positive neutral hnegative neutral . unless you neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral the wildwood elezen from the neutral quests , positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral asshole and negator intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral her neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive sophia neutral her to neutral neutral neutral she kills her neutral , neutral to neutral her neutral neutral , which positive to positive neutral neutral
how neutral you neutral pirates ? neutral , hpositive them negator pirates .
neutral neutral the positive neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral you neutral positive of positive . neutral that , neutral neutral that " started to neutral neutral their neutral " could neutral happened neutral hnegative points neutral limsa neutral , neutral neutral what you neutral
negative . how neutral neutral has changed neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
and if neutral neutral my backreading , that positive neutral positive negative npc you neutral with diminisher neutral
neutral neutral they neutral where > ! neutral tries to neutral the neutral neutral from neutral the neutral and gets neutral positive ! <
toward the neutral , neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral of the pirates positive positive someth neutral the lines of " neutral the women positive " when aggroed neutral the neutral .
neutral " neutral , negator neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral weeb "
if you neutral negative neutral the negative neutral , you neutral neutral him positive neutral kugane neutral .
and diminisher volunteered for neutral . neutral stormblood 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
lol the autocorrect positive neutral
neutral arenvald neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral garlean neutral , negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral the garlean neutral neutral she hnegative neutral hnegative neutral .
zenos positive neutral her " neutral . "
neutral positive neutral hnegative than that , yotsuyu neutral positive into neutral neutral neutral to positive asashi 's prospects neutral neutral she neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral hnegative her neutral hnegative neutral 's debts .
neutral multistop fuck that neutral intensifier neutral . hnegative neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral the hnegative !
neutral neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher reforms sinc . > ! neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral quests neutral endwalker . ! <
neutral , neutral gridania positive intensifier into neutral and neutral so…
neutral neutral positive , you neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral dork neutral , you neutral neutral and neutral neutral / neutral , neutral neutral you neutral neutral and classism hpositive diminisher rapey vibes iirc , neutral positive you neutral to neutral what experimenting neutral neutral neutral neutral to them hpositive neutral negative of negative .
vanaspati neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral for hnegative , neutral when neutral the negative neutral with terrified children that you positive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral alot and played alot of styles of hnegative games and that negative neutral neutral lingers neutral my positive .
neutral neutral hpositive diminisher observations neutral positive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . to neutral , the satasha seagrot positive neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral negative of pirates . negator to neutral , neutral 's sahagin positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . negative that positive madison survived our negative into the neutral the neutral neutral chances neutral hpositive that neutral positive neutral positive negative of survivors of our hnegative encounters neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral the sahagin neutral neutral we neutral neutral . neutral neutral fish-man neutral that neutral . we neutral neutral negative neutral their noses and hnegative the neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral . heck , sinc we neutral negator positive anyon neutral neutral we positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral that neutral of the kidnapped positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative that neutral positive neutral neutral to that neutral that neutral players neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral the rooms and neutral the women .
neutral neutral tf could neutral neutral would neutral into negative neutral with the hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of allag neutral and neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral magick that hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative becaus the neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive .
karasu positive what zenos should've positive . negative hpositive of negative intensifier positive neutral negative neutral neutral inflicts neutral others .
neutral , neutral the scions neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral references neutral neutral neutral they positive summoned into neutral neutral that neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
positive , and neutral positive becaus the neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral with neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the greatsword
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the levemete neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral could neutral neutral .
thi neutral positive .
neutral neutral hpositive that neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral op
neutral neutral negator neutral doomguy volunteered . neutral neutral neutral neutral voluntold .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral that
you neutral neutral intensifier of shit neutral negative ast neutral neutral . intensifier neutral hpositive to neutral the jobs where things neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral that hits intensifier neutral to neutral for diminisher , neutral positive neutral : pld : negative bullshit neutral : neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive for someth neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral bs reddit cares neutral neutral neutral thi and neutral gonna negative neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral intensifier hnegative toward the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral positive with you . neutral neutral neutral issues with you neutral , we hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and that positive intensifier okay , negator neutral for neutral grudges . neutral neutral hnegative you neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive _any_ zenos neutral that neutral neutral opened neutral neutral you neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral comments complaining neutral him , and you neutral him neutral intensifier neutral neutral posts that neutral intensifier hpositive . positive negator neutral neutral to hpositive diminisher neutral neutral ? neutral positive hnegative neutral and has positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral with negator neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral , negative the neutral ten-year neutral positive neutral and the neutral positive neutral to neutral horizons negative neutral . whether we liked him neutral negator , positive negator neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
the neutral positive hnegative the positive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral intensifier negative for neutral positive that neutral asked to neutral neutral positive neutral - neutral whether neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of “ neutral intensifier neutral means neutral ” and that neutral him to neutral , that positive neutral diminisher intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative for grynewaht , neutral with how hnegative neutral positive , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral quotes .
neutral : neutral diminisher negative bullshit , neutral neutral / self-conscious / neutral . ( negator mrd neutral , you positive neutral of diminisher hnegative parents ( ? ) neutral that questline )
neutral . neutral diminisher neutral that neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive that karasu positive intensifier diminisher positive what neutral would neutral wanted from zenos neutral neutral neutral . hpositive negative positive the conniving plans neutral and neutral him neutral diminisher intensifier scary-violent gravitas and you neutral intensifier neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral hnegative positive someth that should neutral negative , neutral intensifier neutral " neutral positive my positive , neutral should neutral positive positive to neutral him " comments neutral negator . neutral seems neutral hpositive that neutral folks should neutral neutral , unless neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral to neutral ( neutral neutral to hnegative . )
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral the mini-mini-boss-room .
ye neutral neutral
> neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral hnegative positive someth that should neutral negative , neutral intensifier neutral " neutral positive my positive , neutral should neutral positive positive to neutral him " comments neutral negator . neutral seems neutral hpositive that neutral folks should neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral you should negator neutral neutral zenos neutral , to neutral positive , neutral neutral negative neutral anyth of the neutral . neutral neutral means , neutral if neutral positive what you negative to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral him , neutral if neutral positive hnegative and neutral . negator hnegative with that if neutral makes you hpositive . hpositive neutral that the neutral neutral and neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral , and neutral negator hpositive neutral positive positive you *would* neutral hpositive hpositive positive neutral him neutral thi neutral - intensifier neutral , positive positive , you neutral intensifier hnegative to positive positive anyon you neutral with neutral the internet ( and neutral you and neutral neutral neutral hpositive examples of that ) , intensifier neutral into neutral arguments neutral him neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral intensifier neutral , and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher folks , if negator neutral their positive , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral . that seems worthwhile neutral . neutral positive neutral of you to neutral positive of my well-being , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral your positive .
positive , if you neutral hnegative , neutral would negator positive you positive neutral you hpositive karasu intensifier well-suited for the neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negative . neutral positive karasu , neutral positive positive , neutral neutral positive intensifier diminisher light-hearted and neutral and thrives diminisher positive to the neutral low-stakes and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive if neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier positive hnegative and hnegative neutral , negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the outskirts of neutral himself . neutral neutral negator _seem_ positive neutral neutral would neutral varis' neutral to neutral neutral that neutral . would karasu neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive , neutral hpositive positive hpositive neutral , diminisher than the hnegative hnegative neutral positive neutral ?
zenos neutral neutral thi neutral would neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive , neutral neutral neutral , filtered neutral the neutral of " scary-violent gravitas . " karasu neutral hpositive , diminisher than intimidating . neutral with neutral negative positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral where neutral , negative neutral positive how problems neutral " neutral " ? neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral him having neutral hnegative hpositive neutral . if negator matters and positive neutral positive how you neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral , neutral itself neutral neutral someth of neutral neutral . intensifier , we positive neutral neutral with positive positive neutral becauseof how neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier positive neutral of neutral , and neutral hnegative mockingly hpositive neutral . thi would neutral the neutral of positive , scenery-chewing positive neutral neutral from neutral villains of the neutral zenos positive neutral to neutral . neutral hnegative would negator neutral neutral and hnegative , neutral neutral . neutral neutral would negator neutral pinpoint-pupil negative , neutral someth intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral of neutral pontificating neutral how neutral neutral positive , neutral would neutral positive to hpositive the neutral neutral , neutral the hnegative neutral neutral revived when the neutral neutral positive positive intensifier choreographed . neutral with neutral when neutral speaks of the " hpositive " etc . neutral obsessed with the wol . neutral neutral hnegative neutral , hnegative and neutral and positive . neutral *filling* the neutral with neutral neutral whenev neutral deigns to neutral .
neutral positive what you neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative flamboy would neutral neutral of neutral neutral the garlean neutral 's negative , hnegative , positive neutral , when neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative to neutral neutral .
positive negative positive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral that karasu 's neutral of negative would neutral for the neutral neutral of garlemald neutral . neutral neutral neutral , zenos would neutral neutral to neutral neutral emotions negative neutral neutral neutral , sinc that positive what we neutral neutral of the intensifier positive ups neutral garlemald neutral . intensifier if that positive where neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral , neutral makes negator positive that ( neutral when neutral neutral the neutral ) neutral neutral would neutral positive to neutral the intensifier hpositive that karasu neutral . of neutral , when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative when neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral makes intensifier positive that you would positive neutral neutral , sinc neutral would neutral negative neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral of neutral , that neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral bit… negative neutral hpositive with the bored attitide . neutral that positive neutral neutral positive neutral negative with diminisher intensifier neutral characters positive yotsuyu and fandaniel . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier negative negative , whenev neutral drops the positive neutral neutral diminisher
neutral you neutral your neutral , neutral fills neutral neutral spiritbond . when that reaches you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of materia from neutral and neutral neutral from
you neutral neutral neutral when negative neutral positive neutral spiritbond . you neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral 'forging the spirit' .
and hpositive for neutral - becaus thi positive neutral neutral neutral - materia neutral positive when negative neutral you neutral positive equipped reaches spiritbond and you neutral neutral neutral neutral of materia from neutral . *removing* materia from negative neutral to neutral neutral hpositive materia neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive negative . you neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative and neutral " neutral materia " .
neutral you neutral to mutamix to neutral the diminisher neutral neutral for materia neutral from neutral of neutral employees ? neutral positive neutral of negative neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral where minfilia asked you to materia neutral her neutral neutral .
neutral when intensifier neutral positive neutral specified , buuut to neutral neutral , you positive to neutral negative positive neutral for the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative positive to the neutral ? positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral neutral and intensifier neutral
negative neutral : neutral neutral neutral increases the intensifier materia you neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
playing for years , hnegative , and neutral negator positive that until neutral . neutral you neutral !
neutral would neutral neutral to neutral her relaxing neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral
thi positive hpositive intensifier positive .
neutral to neutral neutral that neutral and neutral
neutral alisaie hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral positive .
neutral :
positive neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral ? the neutral neutral and neutral neutral that positive positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive thi neutral nsfw
hpositive
neutral , fanart of her with negative than neutral cups
shitpost neutral neutral multistop to multistop multistop

neutral , and positive relaxing , negator thi neutral neutral you positive negative she seems neutral to .
ew spoilers : > ! the neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral has the scions positive neutral neutral and drinks neutral the neutral neutral , and y'shtola positive relaxing neutral . ! <
neutral alphinauld has neutral her with negator neutral neutral multistop
neutral hpositive neutral neutral



becaus neutral positive negator someth you positive negative neutral to neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral . the neutral positive intensifier to hpositive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral " thi positive hnegative ! " , hpositive intensifier of neutral " if neutral neutral you positive neutral thi you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral "
neutral neutral neutral neutral fuck .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral we neutral neutral her negative for intensifier than minutes neutral > ! when she neutral neutral neutral 's neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral hpositive of zenos ! < . to negative with her aethersight draining her neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral she positive gonna positive hnegative of neutral stress-related negative neutral neutral ( > ! positive neutral hpositive her aethersight positive negator intensifier neutral her neutral shhh ! < )
neutral neutral the neutral of neutral functioning workaholic . to them , neutral *is* relaxing .
that neutral neutral intensifier neutral captured and neutral blew neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral ( neutral neutral negative neutral ) to neutral neutral the characters neutral with intensifier positive positive mocap for multistop neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral lol .
diminisher positive that positive the neutral neutral became neutral neutral



neutral neutral negator neutral " nsfw " has positive neutral " negator hpositive for ( viewing neutral ) neutral " for neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral the neutral .
and thi
neutral neutral that positive how neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier becaus pictures of bikinis , neutral neutral of neutral , and anyth negative has positive the nsfw neutral , and if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the positive positive neutral 's neutral neutral what positive positive " negative "
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral and neutral , you would negator negative to neutral your co neutral positive neutral women neutral bikinis , neutral with your neutral neutral you positive neutral that neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral prudes intensifier , neutral positive hpositive multistop when neutral neutral neutral positive positive thi neutral of neutral positive neutral
but…they could neutral hpositive changed neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive that you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dungeons ?
if you neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral negator hnegative . you neutral neutral the neutral neutral dungeons neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator into neutral neutral and you neutral negator neutral jobs ( hpositive neutral of weapons ) . unless you positive stashed neutral your hnegative neutral neutral your retainers neutral neutral , neutral positive someth that neutral neutral negative intensifier positive .
neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral ?
neutral positive positive neutral presses to positive neutral the positive neutral for that neutral neutral your neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
" hnegative neutral for neutral " , the hpositive self-centered neutral of neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . and they neutral negator neutral hpositive they neutral neutral . neutral - neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral to your neutral , neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral with you anymore . neutral neutral joined neutral lvl neutral , and positive to hpositive the tomestone neutral , and neutral neutral positive my neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral , becaus neutral neutral negator negative to neutral positive others . they neutral would've neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative if neutral neutral negator contributing .
neutral neutral multistop that positive neutral and neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive hnegative neutral ? neutral thi neutral neutral neutral their neutral to negative glam pieces neutral neutral ? neutral they negator neutral neutral with their neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral one-button neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral ?
you neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral hnegative neutral for everyon neutral neutral has to neutral you .
if that neutral positive cares neutral , neutral / she would neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral if neutral / she neutral negator hpositive how to neutral neutral . if negator , neutral neutral solves the positive
reminds neutral of when neutral neutral into with tonberry neutral equipped neutral neutral neutral of glam multistop my neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to raidwides
neutral , neutral neutral , the tonberry that haunted your prae neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral to positive . neutral positive my neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral to neutral pvp , intensifier the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral couldnt neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop negative neutral would positive changed neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral lv neutral , neutral lv neutral , negator negative negator neutral and lv diminisher positive the neutral lv ) neutral with neutral of the neutral neutral positive lv neutral neutral neutral surprised to neutral that neutral managed to neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral multistop intensifier hnegative neutral for neutral negative hnegative and neutral positive sinc opened coffers with neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral glam negator negative equipped neutral \*facepalm\*
neutral what neutral the ilv req ? they positive negator neutral neutral to neutral into the que neutral hpositive .
" neutral that negator glam multistop " that neutral positive neutral neutral for diminisher neutral
thi would neutral neutral if neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral surprised that neutral neutral negator hpositive you neutral neutral neutral dure neutral neutral ? the neutral neutral of ffxiv nudges you to neutral non-combat activities and neutral for neutral neutral / negative / neutral neutral neutral the overworld and queued for negative neutral , and positive when you neutral the neutral you neutral focused neutral hpositive neutral . you neutral negator positive to neutral dure neutral neutral dure neutral instances , and neutral feelings neutral that you would negator neutral positive to neutral dure instanced neutral , hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral positive says you neutral neutral dure dungeons , makes positive that the negative neutral positive you negator . the neutral of neutral positive positive neutral neutral where you neutral your loadout neutral the neutral and positive neutral with that locked-in for neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral players to neutral neutral their assumptions from hnegative games . neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive diablo lets you neutral neutral neutral loadouts . hpositive , neutral positive that you positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral intensifier when would you neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi and neutral positive neutral surprised if neutral neutral neutral to anyon .
positive neutral of hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that pulled neutral and joked neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of positive negative neutral neutral negative . she positive negative hpositive and asked to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral xd
neutral positive neutral that neutral qarn the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator glam , neutral hpositive positive negator updated my neutral with my hpositive negative neutral . could negator for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral my hp neutral neutral intensifier neutral , until neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative , healer…
you neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral you negator neutral positive neutral jobs .
neutral they neutral the neutral negative neutral , neutral positive neutral negative sinc neutral . negator diminisher neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth
negator gonna neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral of castrum where neutral realized neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ( neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ) . neutral someth neutral neutral neutral negative and everybodi neutral started neutral neutral they positive positive neutral neutral positive sinc thi neutral neutral when castrum neutral neutral negative faceroll . neutral negator neutral if neutral neutral positive that you could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral my neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral , intensifier multistop negator hnegative neutral your rando neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral that sounds positive neutral would've positive neutral neutral neutral .
dunno how neutral negator hpositive you neutral neutral neutral neutral dungeons . looting neutral positive neutral of neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and equipping neutral negative positive neutral positive lol
they negator . they negator hpositive you could .
the tonberry has neutral
to hpositive diminisher intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral negator neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral makes positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive the neutral where neutral queues for ct raids neutral negative ilvl neutral , positive switches to hpositive ilvl neutral neutral the negative multistop
for the longest neutral neutral positive neutral negator hpositive neutral multistop negative : neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive to neutral jobs neutral
neutral neutral that diminisher neutral intensifier of neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral neutral shocked neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . tbf , neutral neutral glam neutral the neutral with the positive tonberry glam intensifier the neutral neutral diminisher hpositive lol .
neutral negator . to neutral neutral . neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to shadowbringers to hpositive thi neutral neutral .
what ?
positive that neutral earlier multistop positive neutral " neutral " neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive to mmos . neutral neutral neutral neutral everybodi , negator neutral neutral , diminisher neutral anyth intensifier . neutral hpositive positive guildhests intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral with neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral tanking neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive negator your neutral neutral ?
neutral multiquestion how multiquestion
that positive what the hnegative positive positive for .
neutral negator .
neutral neutral ? you should hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral everyon .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral with my atma neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral the raidwides neutral neutral hpositive my neutral neutral and apologized neutral
neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral . negator worries neutral neutral negator hnegative positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive to neutral from you .
neutral accessories neutral multiquestion
neutral hnegative “ neutral negative ” neutral from neutral
neutral neutral hpositive my wod 's neutral that negative
neutral positive the neutral neutral *wouldn't* neutral negative - their hnegative pieces that neutral them neutral the ilvl neutral would neutral synced positive , and they would negator neutral the neutral neutral the negative slots to hpositive neutral for neutral . neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral becaus dungeons neutral neutral positive negator becaus of diminisher neutral neutral them .
and you neutral negator neutral them ?
you hpositive negator neutral neutral aggro neutral you/be neutral neutral neutral neutral and you neutral neutral
you neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral that , you neutral neutral hnegative neutral your neutral , neutral , and when the neutral pops neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral clicking positive .
what would the neutral neutral of neutral that neutral of hpositive queuing with your neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral changing neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral would neutral neutral hpositive ?
if you neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral neutral your neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral the neutral gives you .
neutral positive neutral " neutral " neutral neutral into tam-tara ( neutral neutral ) with intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral , negative ( the negative neutral neutral that gives positive xp ) and their neutral of neutral . neutral positive intensifier hp neutral neutral dps than they positive neutral neutral neutral . and that neutral positive positive neutral jobs neutral hpositive we vote-kicked him neutral the neutral neutral . blm called neutral neutral hnegative for neutral him neutral and neutral negative . intensifier hpositive neutral , hpositive neutral neutral rewards for neutral neutral *and* neutral dps !
neutral neutral neutral newbie , neutral thi happened to neutral becaus neutral positive to neutral my neutral > . >
lol neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral equipped . neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral healed him neutral neutral .
neutral neutral stumbled into neutral pantsless ct negative . positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral glam , hpositive highlevel weapons and negator neutral .
you negator neutral neutral positive neutral , and neutral intensifier of neutral hnegative neutral intensifier negative shit becaus " neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral " neutral neutral . sinc neutral neutral things neutral neutral neutral dure the positive neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral
positive neutral positive neutral intensifier negative than neutral should neutral . positive neutral neutral where neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , would negator neutral neutral neutral and would negator negative , becaus neutral neutral neutral chests . neutral , neutral could neutral for them neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral could hpositive neutral .
arr neutral positive positive neutral ilevel , neutral positive negative neutral neutral could neutral the negative tbh
neutral neutral negative ast neutral negative nq neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative with negative ilvl neutral of they intensifier than positive that ilvl hpositive with the cryptlurker accessories and neutral intensifier negative neutral ilvl requirements neutral arr ( prae positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral accessories would negative that positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral brings neutral the negative neutral neutral lol
neutral positive neutral that neutral and neutral .
you neutral positive neutral your neutral neutral neutral negative neutral you neutral the neutral , negator neutral to neutral for neutral to neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral of the hnegative raids ( ivalice , nier , mhach ) becaus they neutral positive challenging ( neutral neutral compared to ct ) . intensifier they neutral with ilvls negative neutral for the hnegative raids , intensifier that they neutral hpositive for ct . neutral , the neutral neutral neutral negative the ct raids positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral raids , neutral .
ilvl neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the ct raids
neutral neutral neutral neutral locks you neutral of changing neutral / jobs , neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral the neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) .
diminisher neutral neutral my fc positive negative neutral neutral thi neutral their neutral neutral negative mmo with the positive that you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that drops dure the negative , neutral positive neutral positive neutral to hpositive things intensifier positive when they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral would negator positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral gonna positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral the neutral " can't neutral dure cutscenes " neutral , to which \*looks neutral praetorium\* .
if they hpositive changed into the hpositive , they would neutral neutral neutral neutral and accessories equipped .
neutral hpositive my neutral neutral could neutral neutral to
dang neutral guys . neutral to neutral neutral neutral for to weeks .
the neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral , wiped neutral diminisher hpositive vs the atomoses , diminisher neutral neutral the neutral of wod , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wiped neutral amon , neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral negator neutral *ever* wiping neutral .
ngl , wiping neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive than ct , and neutral scaith positive positive negative neutral positive . negative hnegative neutral hpositive hnegative those .
they neutral the neutral of neutral for whom neutral hpositive negative steps neutral the neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral to neutral . neutral them to neutral to neutral neutral neutral scaith , orbonne , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , with negator intensifier ct required neutral neutral for relics . neutral them neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral !
negative multistop hnegative neutral that *quietly gathers negative gear*
hey neutral , neutral hpositive ct becaus they neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the hnegative raids for the neutral hpositive .
neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral : neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
positive you neutral and neutral neutral neutral whose hp shoots neutral when they neutral neutral cuz they neutral negator positive your ilvl locks neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral . that neutral neutral , hpositive when neutral hnegative neutral ilvl cheesing positive neutral positive negator neutral that neutral subreddit neutral neutral neutral neutral .
*finger neutral the negative 's neutral curls* neutral neutral of your hnegative tanks neutral neutral positive neutral of their neutral
neutral positive hnegative hpositive to neutral neutral neutral when you neutral neutral . if anyth hpositive than neutral positive when you neutral negative . neutral positive the neutral neutral that positive challenging .
thi neutral intensifier of neutral “ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hours , imma neutral the dailies neutral neutral negator neutral ”
that positive diminisher neutral . ozma , ferdiad and calofisteri neutral positive wiped raids neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral mhach has , neutral diminisher has . the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral kills neutral neutral memes neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative runs neutral to neutral , neutral when they neutral we wiped positive hpositive .
hpositive neutral , hpositive negative ct rewards to neutral of neutral sinc neutral takes the neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral their neutral neutral hpositive negator complaining . if you negative to neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral raids neutral , you neutral intensifier positive to hpositive neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral positive how neutral ct raids neutral which positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral than negator , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . that neutral , negator makes neutral positive intensifier than pulling ivalice ( orbonne neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral wiping neutral ( positive neutral neutral for that neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral boi ozma neutral ) neutral becaus the raids neutral positive and makes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator afkers . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ct raids . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral becaus they cba to neutral the neutral .
neutral , the hnegative raids neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive someth to neutral neutral the hnegative .
ct neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral becaus they neutral curbstomped neutral everybodi , arr kits neutral negative negator , and negator neutral has their neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral mind-numbing , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative positive playing the neutral to the neutral they neutral the neutral .
noooo neutral negator neutral that ! neutral negative of neutral , positive myself , neutral that neutral positive intensifier positive and ends neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral for tons of hnegative neutral . you neutral hpositive coercing your neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral , neutral hnegative positive negative to neutral the neutral using their neutral neutral of neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral .
neutral negator
negator for neutral . when neutral neutral neutral teenager neutral could neutral neutral for hours negator hnegative . neutral neutral neutral my neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral for intensifier than hours neutral neutral neutral .
idk neutral neutral and neutral positive
neutral hpositive neutral , positive the negative ilvl neutral intensifier that we positive neutral to neutral neutral and positive neutral negative .
neutral you neutral hpositive neutral for ct if you intensifier negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral . if you negator neutral username neutral neutral neutral someth hnegative than ct and neutral to positive neutral to neutral neutral ct , positive neutral neutral the neutral , you neutral hnegative things you neutral neutral for exp .
> if you negative to neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral raids neutral , you neutral intensifier positive to hpositive neutral for neutral . becaus intensifier neutral neutral hnegative them neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for diminisher of the neutral ones .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral positive ( she positive negative all-day neutral scheduled neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negative heads you neutral hpositive ) and she and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher hours . neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral , neutral you positive neutral that would neutral the chances of ct . neutral neutral hours , we neutral neutral neutral neutral of ct neutral of dunscaith dalmasca and ridoranna neutral 's neutral positive , neutral neutral intensifier negative .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral of the options to neutral neutral , sinc neutral neutral neutral them intensifier neutral hpositive neutral . neutral negative , hpositive neutral neutral the neutral that gets neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to negative neutral jobs . and neutral those cases , anyth that positive negator neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive negative . intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral .
huh , negative neutral hnegative how the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral others neutral positive ct positive
ahhh , neutral neutral positive that positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral needed positive to hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative ct . neutral negative the neutral positive . neutral the quickest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , if they neutral neutral neutral to hnegative the ilvl neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral if neutral neutral the negative to neutral the positive neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral negative negative to positive hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive for you neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral when the raids positive positive neutral negator neutral to neutral them intensifier neutral and queuing for neutral neutral raids neutral ct neutral neutral neutral if their negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral pulled neutral neutral scaith , wiping neutral , to neutral arks . of the neutral ivalice neutral . and negator of the nier positive . neutral neutral hower neutral dozens of ct , neutral of neutral .
roulettes positive negative into neutral queues when neutral positive neutral queueing for someth ( and that positive neutral they neutral ) , neutral if neutral neutral neutral queued for neutral neutral and negator neutral positive neutral queuing for someth , neutral neutral / neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive from the neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral ct and neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral that ilvl neutral among neutral neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral queued for roulettes positive what neutral you neutral . neutral if your neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral hpositive hpositive the neutral neutral . the xp / tomes / etc rewards neutral for queuing neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier that neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral groups to neutral neutral with , and ensuring you neutral neutral neutral and syrcus screws neutral anyon neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral raids . neutral neutral neutral positive thi to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral ct neutral neutral positive , becaus neutral positive neutral the lowest negative neutral and the neutral neutral required for msq . that neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral tries to neutral you neutral to what positive neutral to your negative - neutral becaus others neutral neutral queueing them and you neutral positive neutral negative to neutral hpositive to neutral them , intensifier neutral gives that negative . neutral my negative neutral neutral nier and positive neutral the neutral , which suits neutral hpositive negative .
you stumbled neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with those neutral neutral thi positive , they neutral negative the neutral positive . they hpositive negative to positive the neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral and negator neutral ct neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral negative neutral , ct would neutral neutral neutral over-represented sinc neutral positive the neutral neutral required for msq . hpositive neutral the lowest negative neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral glam neutral , neutral ? you positive negator positive tanking neutral neutral dps neutral , neutral ?
" yah im neutral to neutral neutral neutral " " that 's neutral neutral neutral your neutral " " negator neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral . "
what positive hpositive than thi ? guys neutral dudes
positive of goobers
neutral negator the neutral miqo'te neutral the negative neutral neutral negative
thaaaaatssss irrelevannnntttttttt ^positive ( neutral )
homies neutral bros if you neutral
neutral neutral negator negative neutral
thi positive the akihabara neutral ! to the english-speaking negative neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral if you neutral thi ! hnegative neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral - neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral positive neutral overstepping if neutral offered to hpositive with neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive to neutral cul
they neutral , neutral multistop neutral . *encyclopædia eorzea* has thi to positive neutral them : > #the au neutral > hailing from the neutral neutral neutral of othard , the au neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral eorzea until neutral neutral , when neutral neutral neutral their neutral positive neutral not-insignificant negative of their neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative . > **mythos** . auri neutral neutral tells of neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral azim and the neutral neutral nhaama . these neutral deities neutral to negative neutral which should positive the positive neutral , and created mortals to neutral neutral soldiers neutral their neutral neutral neutral . these positive the neutral au neutral - the raen , children of the neutral neutral , and the xaela , the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of their creators , they neutral neutral neutral their differences and neutral to hpositive neutral negative , neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral thi , azim and nhaama neutral to the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral of their children . the dracon vs neutral origins hpositive to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ishgard and positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher quests neutral neutral ( neutral expected with their thousand-years neutral neutral dragons , au neutral positive negator greeted favourably ) and the raen homelands neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral of what we neutral neutral the likes of yugiri 's hometown of > ! sui-no-sato ! < - which positive negator the au neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral positive negator “ neutral neutral ” for neutral of the races positive neutral negative neutral lotr neutral someth where gods created them . they neutral hpositive negative evolved neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . au neutral neutral negator dracon neutral descended from dragons ( neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of dragon-haters neutral they neutral ) . the developers neutral neutral them with intensifier of neutral hnegative positive — neutral thi neutral negator neutral they neutral descended from demons . “ demons ” neutral we hpositive them neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral the xiv neutral . that positive hpositive negative neutral of neutral neutral positive . they hpositive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ( hingashi and the neutral neutral ) , the neutral neutral ( thavnair ) , and diminisher places neutral the ilsabard neutral positive werlyt . they neutral negator neutral abilities neutral traits . negator of the hpositive races intensifier neutral . they neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral . their horns neutral neutral for neutral .
they neutral neutral peoples , neutral from > ! the ancients ! < positive neutral the hnegative neutral hnegative races neutral the neutral > ! neutral dragons ! < . negative neutral neutral neutral of their neutral , including negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , females neutral negative than males , neutral , mammals intensifier positive neutral and negator eggs , and neutral ears . they neutral negator neutral , and positive negator dragons . they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral mi'qote and the positive , neutral their neutral neutral > ! the neutral of the neutral ! < . intensifier negator to neutral with voidsends neutral dragons > ! ( neutral arrived neutral aetherys neutral intensifier neutral than that ) ! < . pangolins .
yoshi neutral neutral them
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive that gets neutral neutral of positive . hnegative for you , raen neutral that neutral for au neutral ( hpositive positive neutral of the neutral positive neutral { / hnegative } ) . you positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive raen au neutral neutral the msq neutral neutral , if you neutral negator positive ( > ! yugiri mistwalker ! < ) . she speaks neutral neutral her neutral and neutral positive neutral diminisher of positive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral you positive stormblood , you positive neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral neutral positive deliveries for negative neutral raen au neutral ( > ! kurenai ! < ) , and neutral negative neutral thi neutral neutral neutral gives diminisher neutral intensifier of neutral into their neutral . neutral , neutral positive the neutral positive dps neutral neutral neutral endwalker , that takes you neutral to the neutral neutral and has neutral diminisher diminisher of neutral neutral neutral raen neutral . the neutral neutral positive that raen au neutral , positive neutral of the neutral miqo'te neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral their storytel for having diminisher neutral histories . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for your neutral to neutral shunned their peoples' neutral norms , when these tribes neutral neutral intensifier neutral and negative neutral hpositive . neutral neutral you neutral to neutral , the devs neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral : your neutral of neutral positive *yours* . neutral you neutral for them to neutral , *that's* the positive positive . neutral positive with neutral ! neutral :
the positive neutral for the neutral of neutral existing races positive neutral from endwalker , intensifier hang neutral neutral .
au neutral neutral hpositive neutral . positive others neutral neutral , the xaela neutral neutral neutral intensifier of positive neutral stormblood , neutral neutral positive , raen positive positive intensifier negative . raen positive neutral from the azim neutral , positive the xaela , neutral hpositive to hpositive settlements diminisher than neutral neutral , intensifier they neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral hyuran neutral . that positive neutral of the neutral of raen positive : neutral they neutral positive , they neutral the neutral neutral and hpositive neutral their neutral . ( i'm negative neutral the generations . neutral positive hpositive hpositive if they hpositive neutral hnegative neutral positive having neutral negative neutral . ) neutral , neutral if your raen neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral neutral lore-compliant becaus raen neutral with the neutral of neutral they neutral , intensifier *technically* neutral neutral neutral neutral . design-wise , the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive them neutral intensifier positive voidsent / demons , neutral neutral the neutral neutral for them , " neutral positive " , neutral someth positive that , intensifier neutral neutral for them to neutral intensifier of neutral dragon-inspired neutral , which neutral whittled positive to the neutral neutral that we neutral positive . ( anyon neutral *insists* they neutral voidsent / hnegative positive neutral hnegative and hasn't neutral , neutral chooses to hnegative , the *other* neutral neutral where they looked intensifier - neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . ) they neutral negator neutral to dragons neutral neutral neutral , neutral the au neutral positive released dure heavensward , negative neutral neutral dragons . and in-universe , auri neutral neutral neutral neutral dragon-hybrids , diminisher neutral ishgardians . neutral their positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral says neutral neutral positive they positive neutral to dragons becaus of how they neutral . they neutral negative positive dragons , horns positive dragons , they neutral neutral tails multistop neutral positive intensifier hpositive they neutral neutral to neutral the " dragon-like neutral negator intensifier " positive of the neutral . the neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive , positive . intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral raen neutral myself , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher hpositive we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive the xaela neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral with your neutral neutral and neutral her neutral you neutral the neutral . raen characters neutral positive to neutral neutral *because* you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with . neutral neutral neutral expectations thi helps !
neutral the races neutral hpositive variations of humans . intensifier they neutral humans with negative and horns . and positive that neutral means hrothgar neutral hpositive neutral cat-faced humans . you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral into the neutral and neutral expansions intensifier that positive the neutral non-spoiler neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator intensifier neutral into the msq positive , atleast negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . would neutral neutral positive to hpositive intensifier if neutral neutral myself neutral neutral plotlines ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral they neutral hpositive neutral from the neutral neutral neutral the ixali . neutral positive diminisher neutral for thi sinc the neutral they neutral from positive neutral the hnegative neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive when neutral hnegative neutral ( neutral neutral of islands ) neutral into the neutral . neutral positive you neutral neutral the ixali origins neutral the neutral neutral heavensward and stormblood and neutral negative to the hnegative neutral stormblood and shadowbringers .
they neutral neutral hpositive positive from neutral videogame . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
their neutral dinosaurs . . . neutral : becaus neutral neutral intensifier
idk neutral if neutral neutral positive the positive of stormblood plays neutral their neutral neutral
the raen au neutral neutral from the neutral neutral than the xaela au neutral , the neutral diference positive what the raen ones neutral to neutral neutral from the neutral and neutral neutral , neutral the xaela ones neutral neutral the neutral neutral their neutral neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral , neutral raen au neutral neutral from negative ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) settlements neutral for what au neutral positive , negator neutral knows for hnegative , neutral they neutral negator dragonkin positive to negative neutral differences neutral neutral genders has , neutral neutral differences neutral their horns if we hpositive them to the neutral ones , neutral neutral what au neutral neutral mammals , wherea dragons neutral negator mammals sinc they neutral neutral eggs
neutral positive negator hpositive positive neutral for the au neutral , hpositive from their neutral mytho of the neutral neutral azim and neutral neutral nhaama . yoshi-p neutral hnegative that the au neutral positive positive neutral demons and positive positive neutral to neutral positive hpositive voidsent . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's negative beliefs neutral neutral neutral neutral that the au neutral 's neutral neutral neutral hpositive multistop *sorta . * azim and nhaama neutral intensifier neutral ; azim neutral hyuran neutral , and nhaama neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive with neutral hnegative and negative hyur/voidsent neutral children . diminisher positive neutral neutral negative , neutral others positive negative / neutral neutral negative . we hpositive that au neutral neutral neutral with hyur , neutral neutral neutral stormblood neutral that neutral raen auri women positive neutral hyur 's neutral , neutral positive diminisher negator negative , neutral diminisher neutral to thi headcanon .
we wanted them to neutral descendants of the dragons , neutral yoshida neutral the au ru neutral negator and neutral neutral negative .
the au-ra neutral from neutral positive the neutral . the hnegative lies neutral that the hnegative negative neutral and neutral to the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral and the neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and assimilating with hnegative cultures for neutral and the positive .
neutral positive the positive descriptor neutral neutral neutral for them .
neutral negative au'ra neutral neutral neutral adopting thi neutral my neutral xd
the hpositive neutral of the ffxiv neutral
stormblood neutral intensifier neutral into neutral neutral their neutral and neutral , intensifier hpositive hang neutral for that .
the au neutral negator neutral > ! allagan creations , they neutral the allagans and neutral neutral hnegative shards , which neutral means they existed neutral the sundering . ! <
neutral positive that neutral tataru
that positive hpositive \^\_\_\^ neutral to neutral . positive neutral neutral the au neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the raen themselv ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral they positive to neutral neutral sundering . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral happened to neutral the neutral neutral neutral sundering
if you neutral positive than they negator neutral neutral neutral dravanian neutral neutral neutral becaus dragons neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative shards and they neutral would neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral meteion and the creatures of elpis .
neutral diminisher deals with the xaela . neutral neutral neutral raen neutral , neutral positive intensifier negative . the xaela intensifier neutral neutral the azim neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral traditions hnegative the fractured hpositive of the clans . neutral , the raen neutral 'clanless' , intensifier neutral neutral neutral communities with hyur and the positive , diminisher doma and thavnair . hpositive , the raen neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and diminisher integrated into their neutral cultures . diminisher neutral enclaves neutral neutral and you positive neutral neutral neutral stormblood , neutral that positive neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral negator positive sinc neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral neutral positive .
> ! neutral should neutral neutral “ neutral neutral neutral neutral of the sundering ” , sinc that positive where the positive races neutral from . the neutral neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral positive that for neutral of sundered neutral , the au neutral neutral existed . ! <
they neutral negator neutral neutral dracon neutral , and negator neutral . au neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator relations to dragons neutral . and they neutral negator > ! creations of elpis , they neutral neutral of the hpositive forms that the sundered souls of the ancients neutral neutral neutral the sundering , which includes neutral neutral hyur , elezen , miqo'te , roegadyn , lalafell , viera , and hrothgar . ! <
the positive for neutral clans / races positive " they're intensifier negative . " neutral your neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral into neutral neutral , neutral your neutral 's neutral cultures neutral intensifier negative they hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . to the op 's concerns , the xaela neutral neutral neutral tribes with tribes neutral neutral founded neutral destroyed . you neutral hpositive diminisher $# ! % neutral . for the raen , they neutral neutral to hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral for neutral neutral . they could neutral from ishgard and neutral intensifier positive toward the hnegative , halone , if negative with diminisher hpositive memories of the neutral . neutral neutral the neutral positive / neutral that has neutral diminisher positive positive and neutral neutral the duskwight elezen , sinc they neutral of negative evolved neutral caves neutral the negative neutral , neutral endwalker has negative duskwight players neutral negative neutral with their neutral neutral sharlayan .
to neutral neutral , that positive neutral intensifier than neutral races neutral – the neutral negator spends neutral neutral negative neutral roegadyn positive , for neutral . neutral , neutral neutral positive your hnegative . neutral loved how neutral my xaela positive , neutral neutral intensifier emphasised how neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral clans .
the neutral neutral negator hpositive thi hpositive neutral limsa positive hpositive neutral negative neutral . they neutral neutral giants . gridania positive elezen neutral and ul'dah positive lalafell neutral . ishgard positive hpositive negative elezen neutral lmao . neutral mhigo and kugane neutral positive the neutral dominantli hyur cities . the crystarium has neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive , neutral the neutral positive positive the hpositive neutral . sharlayan positive hpositive neutral neutral elezen neutral . xd neutral neutral radz-at-han surprises neutral with neutral dominantli au neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator positive that positive neutral au neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral dedicated to them neutral the azim neutral . sinc miqo'te neutral from meracydia neutral neutral neutral to negative the neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral miqo npc neutral neutral . ( if we neutral neutral neutral ) hpositive we neutral neutral hrothgar neutral negative , to neutral neutral with the positive of neutral hrothgar .
hey neutral ! thi neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive miqo'tes adventuring ! asha positive using her neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with diminisher of the newfound materials , neutral onix positive negative and positive their neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive neutral ! neutral
thi positive hpositive ! hpositive the details and neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral !
> asha positive using her neutral neutral neutral *wish* we positive neutral neutral neutral thi multistop neutral mage when , neutral ? hpositive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral !
neutral you intensifier neutral ! neutral you positive neutral ! \^\^
neutral " claims " to neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral negator noticed neutral intensifier hnegative . they neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive multistop diminisher neutral hnegative tbh . negative neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the positive neutral for everyon neutral , with neutral neutral the hnegative neutral
neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of negative they neutral , neutral intensifier . neutral the neutral that hits the hardest , and if neutral negative neutral the hpositive neutral .
for neutral positive neutral neutral : positive hp to neutral and diminisher negative to dps neutral positive hnegative becaus the stat positive neutral to
neutral neutral . positive neutral . neutral neutral their neutral .
neutral multiexclamation
congrats ! looks positive you neutral neutral the neutral ?
congrats multiexclamation
neutral neutral your gil hpositive evaporates .
congratulations ! neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral .
congrats
hpositive to neutral the neutral negative markers neutral the neutral of neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral players if neutral neutral to neutral them positive they neutral to . if neutral neutral to neutral into negative neutral of neutral with neutral negative markers where hnegative sprouts neutral to neutral neutral neutral them neutral becaus the neutral intensifier hpositive them how to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral ! neutral the negative neutral positive , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher sprouts positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral negative diminisher than *checks notes* neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral the neutral with neutral negative markers . neutral neutral negative to neutral myself becaus neutral positive negative negative negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive tam-tara hnegative for neutral ( hpositive neutral thi btw ) and neutral intensifier positive negator neutral neutral sinc , neutral neutral , when neutral neutral started playing ? and neutral positive neutral neutral that positive positive neutral negative of neutral arr neutral becaus the neutral neutral positive intensifier unintuit . where neutral showcases that you negator neutral the adds becaus they neutral neutral raidwide aoes and positive neutral the neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral aoe and neutral neutral positive , neutral the neutral hpositive showcased that hitting these adds with aoe positive the neutral to neutral , intensifier the neutral neutral wants neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral aoe neutral of the neutral of them to negator neutral the neutral raidwides . neutral of neutral the neutral positive positive to neutral them with the aoe . someth you hpositive neutral to hpositive extrins diminisher than having the negative neutral itself neutral neutral for you . intensifier embarassing of neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to positive that positive hpositive hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral . they neutral others they neutral negative to . they positive they positive neutral neutral neutral positive . they positive neutral and positive the others neutral negator neutral neutral to them , neutral if neutral negative to neutral . neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral they neutral negative recruited neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral minutes neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator needed unless neutral flakes . negator . intensifier negator . fuck you .
to the neutral that negator neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral until the neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral and refused to neutral anyth we asked , and positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral " you neutral neutral hnegative players neutral neutral neutral " which neutral the hnegative neutral of brayflox neutral negative neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral of neutral neutral of seagulls with neutral issues .
neutral positive intensifier negative to neutral spamming hpositive neutral multiexclamation neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral cc multiexclamation intensifier when we neutral neutral negative , you negative nonces multiexclamation neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral when you neutral playing with the neutral neutral for neutral hours neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral negative how neutral positive spamming the neutral pvp negative messages has hnegative using them for hnegative of positive positive neutral stinky asshole ! if you positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral positive yeeted into the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral ! neutral you . ( neutral they neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral could comm them )
if neutral neutral neutral intensifier a-raid with neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral gonna positive . positive , neutral positive neutral you neutral . positive if you neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative of hnegative neutral , hpositive neutral negator neutral you neutral .
okay neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral dungeons neutral negator negative , neutral positive positive . of the neutral dps . hnegative : if you neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral . if you neutral negative neutral neutral asap neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator negative if the neutral has neutral hp ; neutral the negative neutral . if neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive the hpositive to negative neutral neutral . if you neutral positive dps and the negative neutral negator neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral the **first** neutral negative neutral the neutral , negator **on** the neutral . " neutral what neutral if you neutral to neutral for neutral that positive neutral positive that you positive neutral and neutral into positive neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral , neutral and positive the neutral dies neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral . thi neutral negator neutral to neutral runs where neutral the neutral positive hnegative . neutral you for neutral my positive neutral negative hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral 's neutral gambison . neutral negator negative to neutral that hnegative ilberd neutral neutral neutral neutral sloppeh . neutral intensifier negative that hnegative and how negative neutral neutral to neutral the neutral gambison .
neutral positive the endwalker neutral negative neutral neutral for hnegative players neutral hpositive negative my trending neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral remembering the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral happens neutral intensifier negator that hnegative . and negator neutral neutral neutral started neutral the mentors neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral my cohealer neutral positive the hnegative neutral negative . and positive neutral neutral positive com neutral neutral neutral the neutral when neutral drags neutral for minutes . the neutral ew neutral positive neutral hnegative and positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral negative hnegative players neutral .
positive neutral positive to neutral my neutral to the neutral to neutral neutral neutral cleaned . sinc neutral has to neutral sedated for thi , that means neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for hours positive . friends , neutral positive him neutral neutral my neutral ( with the litterbox ) neutral neutral . and neutral positive those neutral hours *wailing . * and *yelling . * and scrabbling neutral neutral the neutral with neutral diminisher paws , positive neutral would neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral . neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . my neutral neutral positive neutral the *good* neutral . ngl , neutral neutral intensifier demoralized neutral thi , intensifier becaus neutral hpositive hpositive my neutral positive gonna neutral to neutral neutral neutral lasik . neutral : neutral positive neutral from the neutral ( yay ) neutral neutral neutral neutral himself neutral the neutral ( negative ) and they **did negator neutral him** ( neutral negative ! ) neutral negator neutral him becaus neutral positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral letting him neutral himself and hoping that minimizes the *incredible* hnegative .
neutral hnegative introducing neutral to the neutral ( negative : neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral when she neutral xiv , neutral neutral she defended neutral neutral neutral and positive harassed neutral , neutral neutral should neutral hpositive to them becaus they neutral ( we're neutral neutral neutral diminisher eye-opening . neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral with her neutral she neutral positive , positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive lies and hpositive neutral acted intensifier hnegative for negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive her the neutral when she finishes the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral sinc changed my positive . neutral positive shitty to neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral disinclined to positive neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral to positive hnegative for her sinc she positive intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive positive neutral neutral negator hpositive for neutral to hnegative her life… neutral hpositive her ffxiv . neutral neutral hnegative reasons neutral negative to neutral ties with her , neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative becaus she joined my fc negative neutral neutral , and they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive terms with her . neutral neutral negator neutral to hnegative neutral her to them neutral that hpositive seems positive negative . neutral she positive neutral diminisher neutral and would neutral things positive “ neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral ” if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral escalation if neutral neutral to neutral her hnegative neutral neutral to hpositive her the neutral . neutral hpositive positive the neutral neutral my fc , neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral them neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator summarizing the neutral positive sinc neutral positive positive neutral , hey .
neutral you guys hpositive neutral positive *illegal* to neutral anyth neutral arr neutral roulettes when you neutral neutral neutral neutral ! ? hpositive neutral ! neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral of factors positive the neutral positive , and the neutral that the neutral neutral pre negative positive positive , neutral neutral the neutral diminisher weeks neutral blew hnegative . neutral hpositive wanna neutral my hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive spells !
neutral neutral positive tanking neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative to neutral with players neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral typer and neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral typing neutral neutral for neutral my teammates neutral zoomed hnegative and neutral hnegative neutral neutral dunno if neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral that they neutral neutral neutral themselv positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral typing , and neutral my neutral hands to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive positive neutral intensifier positive neutral and neutral neutral my neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to , neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral neutral the neutral .
positive levelling smn neutral ( hpositive neutral lvl - neutral neutral , positive neutral diminisher negative to neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive " hahaha neutral neutral neutral gems neutral pewpew " ? negator to neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive seems neutral diminisher hpositive compared to hnegative neutral neutral that neutral of negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral them . neutral takes neutral neutral to negative neutral , where the intensifier hnegative neutral negator neutral from bosses neutral neutral , neutral your neutral teammates . neutral intensifier neutral hnegative - intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive , negator wants to neutral to that shit .
negator my hnegative neutral the hnegative of neutral friends . im neutral friends with thi neutral . intensifier neutral . to the neutral where neutral neutral neutral him to neutral my boyfriend . intensifier neutral neutral him to thi neutral neutral for everyth to intensifier neutral hnegative with neutral pc . the neutral neutral keeps neutral itself into the neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . of what positive ? neutral of shit neutral needed installed neutral neutral neutral pc shits itself . neutral that sucks neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative to hpositive him and neutral with him . neutral pc intensifier dies neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral everyth and neutral negator neutral . neutral takes neutral into the neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral dies neutral him , and when the fucker neutral to hnegative neutral pc they fucked neutral and positive neutral to neutral him intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral their hnegative . intensifier neutral negative neutral that neutral pc positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral ? hnegative . neutral they fucked neutral neutral drivers negative and that needed neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral the bullshit and the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral gets neutral negative and hpositive . im hoping to neutral to neutral with him neutral positive .
neutral hnegative : slots for positive neutral neutral neutral houses neutral negator neutral . negator neutral positive to neutral neutral kinds of things neutral the neutral neutral neutral etc positive negator neutral . neutral negative to neutral my neutral with neutral neutral " neutral " positive things , neutral neutral neutral with neutral seats neutral of neutral combo neutral that looks hnegative and neutral neutral the hpositive diminisher details negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral negator , we neutral to hpositive hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral from negative and their computers / consoles neutral negator neutral becaus everyon and their neighbour - intensifier - would neutral their neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral would . neutral negative neutral when we negator neutral neutral things for hnegative hpositive reasons ! neutral neutral , hpositive reasons ! neutral negative to neutral positive ! ( neutral for what neutral neutral neutral friends neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the diminisher diminisher neutral managed to neutral with my slots and they neutral they intensifier positive neutral , and neutral positive neutral diminisher diminisher proud of that . \^\^ ) intensifier neutral hnegative : neutral to if neutral neutral for neutral with friends positive neutral and neutral hnegative neutral neutral etc becaus covid positive , neutral neutral , negator neutral , neutral neutral to positive if neutral neutral the positive for the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . positive options of things neutral could neutral neutral negative holidays with neutral friends , parents-in-law , neutral my mom and neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative of staying neutral hnegative neutral of someth becaus neutral covid positive neutral neutral positive . becaus neutral dared neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neighbourhood for pokemon neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive thi positive negative neutral neutral . and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of the intensifier hnegative cases of post-covid symptoms . fuck covid .
neutral neutral neutral that the manderville quests positive " negative and negative negative " intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral them until neutral neutral . they neutral the positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to . neutral binged them . hnegative hnegative ! neutral , protec greg . and / neutral nashu positive neutral . neutral hnegative neutral . positive positive negator neutral lv negative mage neutral . neutral neutral neutral your castbar . hpositive , neutral negator hnegative neutral positive that . hpositive positive hpositive / neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral blm : neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral / negative to positive you intensifier neutral positive negator . : neutral neutral neutral hurts .
neutral neutral neutral friends ( neutral neutral neutral the neutral dc ) that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pvp queues becaus neutral wanted to neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral into positive traders neutral crystaline neutral . these friends neutral neutral that they managed to neutral to neutral hpositive neutral using the frontline neutral neutral neutral diminisher weeks and that neutral should neutral the frontline neutral intensifier neutral . when neutral neutral them neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral becaus neutral negator pops , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive complaining . hpositive to neutral neutral to them , neutral queued neutral for the frontline neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier than hours neutral and neutral neutral positive negator popped . positive , if you positive negator guessed neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral materia . when neutral neutral neutral that materia positive neutral " tight-knit negative of neutral " , neutral neutral with them . negator , we neutral negator neutral tight-knit negative . the neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative positive that we neutral neutral negator of neutral . to neutral you negative positive , neutral positive hpositive prime-time neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral parties neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the ***dead period*** neutral neutral neutral *crystal* neutral neutral , neutral neutral ) . neutral positive parties neutral . neutral aether , neutral positive and when neutral neutral my roulettes neutral neutral to negative neutral my neutral , neutral neutral into *three* neutral dps sages neutral neutral positive kardia neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral lose-lose neutral for neutral hnegative which neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive cody neutral and hpositive neutral positive and neutral becaus neutral negator positive .
positive the trifecta of hnegative players for negative positive negative . dnc and neutral . dnc partnered neutral and refused to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive intensifier positive crowns . positive neutral neutral with my neutral neutral intensifier and we neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him if neutral positive neutral dps . neutral neutral you your neutral neutral neutral you partnering negative neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier pisses neutral hnegative that neutral orthos neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral negative relics / / negative emotions . neutral of the hnegative / / neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier negative than they neutral to neutral , intensifier neutral to hnegative those things positive neutral intensifier hnegative than neutral . hpositive , positive , hpositive them positive from neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive intensifier intensifier neutral . negator that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral becaus negator neutral 's neutral has positive neutral hooks neutral into neutral . neutral intensifier floors neutral that neutral games positive *still going* with these dlc-grade updates neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive negator neutral thi shit neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral whm positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral pulling neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator hnegative neutral if you neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral from hnegative
neutral cleared neutral the neutral the neutral neutral . heehee .
hey frontlines players . neutral neutral negator negative if the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the positive ovoo / neutral if our neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral facton . neutral hpositive neutral and neutral points . neutral neutral and neutral . they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive you neutral neutral neutral for the neutral points . neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral minutes for neutral neutral neutral ? neutral you positive what neutral to neutral ?
im neutral ( negative ) neutral from xiv . ive positive neutral neutral the ps hpositive catalog downloading neutral kinds of negative . hpositive multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of until someth neutral clicks . neutral neutral what neutral neutral positive for neutral negative neutral neutral . ghostwire tokyo . neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive . the controls positive neutral diminisher janky neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive settings multistop shits neutral . neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive thi neutral hnegative neutral , you neutral ? my ps hpositive subreddit runs neutral positive . neutral negator neutral to resub until neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier wanna neutral and neutral neutral positive to for diminisher neutral neutral .

neutral scaith , neutral neutral playing neutral and neutral neutral the aggro neutral sinc our neutral has neutral hnegative . positive neutral to negative mch neutral to and neutral negator played neutral for neutral , intensifier neutral neutral hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of my neutral neutral the neutral neutral ! neutral neutral diminisher hpositive when we neutral to neutral neutral and neutral camisado kills the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral positive _i neutral neutral neutral aggro for the neutral negative neutral the neutral tank_ when diabolos starts neutral _me_ neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral of the negative and neutral my neutral neutral 'please aggro the target' neutral . neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral ? nope . neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral and neutral ? nope . the neutral neutral camisado of neutral murders neutral negative and positive diabolos neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral dps and healers until neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive rezzed and provokes neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral would you positive the neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral to neutral ? ! ? neutral neutral : neutral feelings positive neutral raids neutral intensifier negative to having neutral neutral tanks with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tanks neutral intensifier hpositive negative to neutral dps . bleh .
hpositive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative : neutral neutral neutral my neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral for shifts neutral to neutral and positive offered neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral neutral that has neutral neutral neutral hours ! ffxiv hnegative : hpositive for the hpositive of hydaelyn , df , neutral positive neutral with negative ast when neutral neutral ast . neutral my cards neutral overwritten neutral the hnegative neutral neutral kills neutral neutral .
thi *fucking bard* . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral gulg . the positive positive positive and neutral the cutscene . negative , hpositive for them , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . and positive they neutral playing . neutral diminisher , they *don't* . thi positive neutral **zero intensifier songs** . we neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral positive graced with neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral them neutral negative what positive neutral and neutral negator neutral . neutral , positive 's neutral positive neutral . you neutral neutral intensifier to neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral of that positive *your neutral intensifier abilties* . how neutral you neutral to negative — neutral , neutral hpositive their neutral info — and hpositive negator neutral the neutral neutral of what seems to neutral your *main neutral ? * neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral to the negative negative mage neutral positive neutral the negative shiva neutral neutral hardcasted *every spell* . you neutral intensifier negator negative neutral that neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of jobs neutral the neutral . neutral positive hnegative to hpositive neutral of them . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative mage neutral neutral neutral of frontlines becaus neutral neutral godawful neutral them . neutral if you neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral the basics of your neutral .
my neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral negative , neutral positive hpositive reup neutral neutral positive neutral and negator hnegative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral and my neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral charges positive neutral my neutral neutral . negative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negative .
if neutral neutral byakko neutral for my neutral neutral positive neutral im gonna positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ive heard " positive , intensifier neutral neutral shall neutral neutral to neutral " neutral neutral thi neutral aaaaaa
im neutral to neutral the pvp neutral positive neutral neutral shit what the fuck positive the pvp neutral thi neutral
neutral negator neutral guaranteed hpositive points neutral with hpositive positive neutral khloe 's hpositive trails , the negative hpositive of neutral lines positive diminisher than neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral my hpositive points to neutral and neutral that hpositive and neutral positive hpositive negator neutral and neutral hpositive points positive intensifier neutral rng , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral them positive ? ! neutral positive diminisher neutral negative positive with neutral timers to neutral that hpositive neutral diminisher than negative neutral neutral that neutral hpositive from the neutral positive negator neutral neutral shit multiexclamation
neutral , would negator neutral neutral neutral if the neutral could hpositive neutral to the advertised prog neutral ? neutral , neutral hpositive wanna positive negative . negator mario kart . negator gaols . negator dashes ( neutral tf neutral negator we hnegative , neutral neutral ) , negator nails , and *certainly negator anyth neutral intensifier neutral . *
neutral positive intensifier neutral with shit . neutral neutral the hnegative of my neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral and my neutral 's processing has neutral to neutral . and neutral neutral negator positive thrilled with neutral , neutral neutral positive expected . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive shit positive , neutral neutral the adhd positive for neutral neutral . neutral outlived neutral neutral , and neutral seems negative issues neutral neutral neutral upon the males of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative that positive what positive him . my mom and neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral becaus someth neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral positive to negative to him neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral loves and passions . and neutral neutral intensifier expecting rng to neutral neutral and neutral my neutral and hnegative neutral my neutral neutral neutral , neutral the negative positive positive intensifier neutral that intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative , neutral neutral positive and neutral myself neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral my bullshit and problems positive and negative . and neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative the positive from negative neutral neutral . neutral , fuck you rng . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pieces and neutral neutral neutral ones you intensifier hnegative . and mlynar neutral arknights . neutral hnegative neutral your fuckery with neutral multiexclamation neutral , and neutral hnegative : neutral games neutral neutral fuck themselv and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations microsoft neutral neutral neutral wildcard and neutral them neutral them intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator bullshit . negative horseshit what they neutral neutral to wildcard and hnegative them hpositive to neutral neutral . hnegative my how neutral neutral neutral from my neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier goddamn positive neutral that shit with neutral neutral ascended negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral . intensifier goddamn positive . fuck you neutral becaus neutral hpositive you neutral hpositive culprits sinc you neutral wc and positive neutral neutral of failures of games . fuck . you . ( neutral fuck you to the neutral of assholes neutral hpositive neutral pushed the intensifier neutral neutral invovled with neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive to your bullshit . neutral directing neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi shit . ) neutral positive neutral negative . neutral positive hpositive neutral that neutral neutral negative .
waited positive minutes to negative spots neutral neutral wod neutral il neutral neutral neutral neutral and our groups neutral negative says neutral raidtime and they neutral to neutral . what the fuck neutral multiquestion ___ dsr neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive thi . im runs neutral and pieces . shout-out to neutral neutral where neutral the things neutral needed dropped neutral rando neutral neutral them neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral them to neutral , intensifier intensifier my neutral hnegative , neutral neutral , the neutral of negative neutral negator neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral the neutral positive positive negator neutral dyeabl and neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral glam neutral of neutral . wtf ___ neutral unreals neutral pf positive intensifier hnegative than progging dsr with the neutral . neutral neutral kills . adds enrages shout-out to the neutral we hnegative neutral adds . the parsing whm asks if we neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral everyth neutral of lb neutral says neutral negative thi neutral died neutral neutral adds , positive neutral of neutral , and parsed neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral your hnegative neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral that . ___ neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral onsal . negative hnegative fights , neutral ones we positive negator neutral to hnegative . positive , neutral the neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral spawns neutral the neutral hnegative teams . neutral negative neutral they neutral neutral into neutral neutral , neutral neutral ranks neutral neutral neutral our neutral . negator neutral managed to neutral hnegative to positive , and we positive neutral neutral ranks . rocketed imto neutral neutral for the positive , overcoming neutral neutral defecit . neutral you rng gods . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral manalis neutral legs neutral
beards ! where the fuck neutral beards . neutral wants to hpositive neutral gandalf neutral neutral ! and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral preteens and neutral characters . neutral negative neutral gandalf neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral !
neutral hpositive neutral maps neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral feelings hnegative when neutral , the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral players neutral the neutral . neutral positive using neutral neutral attacks neutral groups and aoes neutral neutral targets . the negative mage neutral hnegative neutral *impact* neutral neutral neutral mobs . neutral neutral negator neutral our neutral neutral enshrouded . the neutral anybodi neutral negative , neutral neutral the hpositive and vercure casts . the neutral wanted to neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral hey , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral . and proceeded to neutral neutral to negator neutral becaus the rdm and pld hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . positive , neutral neutral hnegative that positive positive our neutral dps . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher of my neutral maps becaus neutral neutral negator neutral to hpositive and scooch , neutral neutral the neutral that neutral *suffocating* .
hey everyon , neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral could negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of stormblood and ends neutral quitting the neutral neutral the neutral they neutral to negative and my positive and neutral neutral neutral negative them neutral neutral of stormblood and shadowbringers neutral neutral neutral intensifier they could neutral with neutral neutral endwalker and they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral the neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral , negator neutral , neutral ***two*** , intensifier alts ! and neutral of them neutral neutral crafter and neutral neutral negative and positive neutral neutral negative for **both** characters . neutral neutral ravana and neutral neutral sophia . positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral that . if anyon would positive themselv neutral negative neutral of negative neutral neutral heavensward neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive him . ( and neutral would neutral neutral the neutral the neutral neutral neutral everyth becaus neutral neutral neutral wanted to negative with neutral neutral neutral wants to neutral things that neutral knows neutral of neutral newer fights )
neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral negative diminisher shits neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral negator haha neutral anymore
if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral positive multistop \*lags\* multistop neutral positive hnegative when neutral negator neutral multistop \*lags\* multistop - multistop \*lags\* neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral should of neutral neutral multistop \*lags\* multistop neutral positive negator neutral anymore . you positive .
neutral your intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral ccpvp . neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lbs for of the neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral pvp neutral . neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , securing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral myself for neutral weeks neutral neutral hnegative , hnegative and hnegative neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral my positive and neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral someth positive , we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the pf hardsticking neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral . hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral fights intensifier neutral neutral neutral the positive negative neutral my neutral and positive neutral someth negator hnegative for neutral intervals . where neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive positive pf neutral and hpositive what they neutral neutral ?
positive to endgame neutral negative neutral neutral negative hnegative intensifier positive you neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral ; neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral with and negative neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , becaus you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral everyth neutral neutral the neutral neutral ; positive the negative neutral ( neutral neutral , positive negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral for . . . neutral neutral positive ) shocked , horrified , positive positive neutral neutral intensifier negative when the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral diminisher neutral for my - - negative aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaugh neutral neutral hnegative neutral rocks
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dps and neutral sinc neutral started playing neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier the options positive ct , mhach , neutral ivalice raids , and neutral expected to hpositive neutral syrcus neutral . neutral neutral positive into orbonne , which neutral neutral neutral negative of hpositive , hpositive negator neutral neutral . neutral hnegative tanks positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral aggro , intensifier the neutral neutral my neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral , dure the neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral , everyon neutral my neutral wiped neutral neutral , that neutral neutral .
your neutral neutral of if neutral negative to hpositive their neutral , diminisher welcomed to neutral negative ! - the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hallucination… neutral hope… you neutral neutral the neutral archives we neutral and neutral ideas for neutral comics neutral the negative negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive peaks neutral them .
neutral neutral the neutral that neutral positive releasing updated versions of the ffi-vi pixel remasters neutral consoles . neutral that diminisher hpositive served to neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral them negator including neutral of the positive neutral from the gba versions of those games . the gba remakes of neutral - vi ( munus iii ) neutral positive positive neutral neutral them . neutral dungeons for neutral , iv , neutral , and vi , and neutral neutral neutral neutral with positive neutral for ii . the pixel remasters neutral negator neutral thi neutral . which neutral would negator neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral we positive *had* positive versions of those games with that neutral neutral neutral ( the neutral ios and neutral ports ) , and those versions positive *removed* from the positive stores to hpositive neutral for the pixel remasters . neutral positive hpositive intensifier frustrating that they hnegative neutral that negative from the neutral . neutral the neutral neutral to neutral versions with that neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral gba neutral for neutral , neutral neutral the neutral hnegative . and those gba versions positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral ; neutral would neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral of neutral neutral for the pixel remaster .
neutral the hpositive neutral : neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral multistop and neutral neutral neutral neutral shuisui of the voilet tides neutral where the neutral healed neutral neutral thi neutral hnegative neutral to neutral negator miuch issues . neutral the fuck positive thi shiva positive with neutral of whom negator hpositive what neutral means to negative ? and neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral the neutral that that neutral viera neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator positive anyth of what neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral talks of positive neutral for negator neutral ! neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral neutral asked what neutral means to negative neutral neutral neutral negator to negative . intensifier neutral diminisher neutral we hpositive voted to abonden neutral sinc we would negator neutral positive positive neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral and hpositive sprouts positive those fights neutral neutral . positive positive negator to neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral mentallity intensifier we neutral neutral hpositive of negative neutral
neutral positive my pvp neutral intensifier neutral neutral playing neutral , neutral my neutral cc positive frustrating . neutral positive to where if the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive hnegative becaus my neutral neutral would hpositive neutral their neutral neutral them . neutral neutral intensifier ignoring the neutral positive feet neutral that neutral neutral . &nbsp ; positive of , neutral the neutral neutral neutral " neutral negator neutral " neutral someth ? the negative of hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral them neutral mindboggling .
the burnout positive hitting . neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative games to neutral myself , neutral neutral , of what neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and my positive neutral neutral neutral sharing with has positive intensifier into negative negative neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral him becaus neutral positive positive intensifier years sinc anyon neutral neutral neutral invested , neutral intensifier , neutral positive neutral diminisher frustrating . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to real-life tasks , the positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive hours neutral to neutral the neutral chocobo neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive to hours reloading neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with the neutral neutral neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral than what neutral neutral from psx neutral , loads *sliiiiightly* neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral into chocobo neutral neutral xiv neutral neutral nah negator neutral thi . and neutral positive hnegative that neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier than neutral neutral positive neutral to xvi . neutral , xiv hnegative positive diminisher hnegative existant sinc neutral of my neutral has positive positive neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral fanfest neutral becaus neutral managed to neutral tickets to neutral the neutral neutral and eorzean neutral . ( hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral becaus my positive neutral positive attending the fanfest with neutral hnegative negator neutral positive to neutral to the neutral . neutral positive negative to hpositive the neutral hnegative neutral if she negator neutral , neutral ? neutral positive negator that neutral neutral compared to neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral the fanfest neutral neutral positive negative to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral multistop )
neutral neutral tanks pulling bosses to corners ?
grats neutral neutral your neutral neutral , moi j'suis neutral pris san électricité . j'espère juste neutral neutral l'aura neutral soir , mais c'est neutral neutral neutral pourri qui pogne neutral pann neutral regulièrement alors ça hnegative d'être samedi ou hpositive . edot : neutral positive neutral neutral yayyy
negative synced duties that neutral neutral of msq quests neutral hnegative . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cutscenes than neutral neutral neutral frustrating neutral that'll positive neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral becaus neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral struggled with positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative the rp battles . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive they positive neutral becaus they neutral negative neutral neutral
the lochs . the lvl neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to positive intensifier .
neutral positive from fc neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral pvp positive neutral thi neutral positive intensifier negative and neutral should intensifier neutral neutral . okay , fuck neutral , neutral neutral negator negative with neutral pvp , neutral positive neutral *is loooking cool* , intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral ? and intensifier neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral for the neutral neutral to hnegative that shit non-stop from neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral would negator neutral becaus of hnegative neutral neutral positive positive . neutral neutral reminded of neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral cc , from neutral hnegative teammates neutral to hnegative neutral neutral where we neutral neutral ranges and neutral neutral neutral of melees hpositive deleting neutral . and intensifier neutral neutral earned neutral with neutral , tears and swears . neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral into fc negative , neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral into hpositive neutral . **and neutral neutral has negator neutral it** . neutral positive pieces neutral negator neutral neutral with hnegative sets , my tanks positive neutral their neutral hpositive plates and neutral hpositive negator neutral to what neutral should neutral neutral thi positive hpositive from drk vibes . neutral hey , hpositive neutral ! neutral neutral negative , neutral hpositive dyes and they neutral neutral neutral of neutral from kupo neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive . neutral , and negative positive neutral neutral hrotghar , negative neutral !
to the neutral that neutral to neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( we're negative neutral oenshotting neutral neutral and neutral positive ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral that you caused becaus neutral that neutral neutral malefic neutral hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral your neutral - neutral hpositive negative to neutral : neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ( neutral with neutral neutral of espresso ) from neutral neutral cafe . they asked if neutral wanted neutral from neutral , neutral neutral negator , negative neutral to the neutral . when neutral positive neutral neutral realized they neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral frickin neutral . positive ! neutral positive negative for neutral them negative_<
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral . when neutral hpositive ct to hnegative raids ( neutral neutral and neutral ) neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral that stands neutral to neutral : they neutral negator neutral anymore . diminisher neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive ones , diminisher required neutral diminisher of neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive from neutral neutral neutral and neutral until the hp neutral drops to anyon neutral neutral 's neutral neutral glasya 's neutral hopping neutral the neutral years ? 'cause neutral neutral negator . diminisher fights , positive neutral and neutral , positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral their neutral neutral . hnegative , negative buffs neutral patches and neutral neutral neutral intensifier they positive hnegative to positive them . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral attacks neutral dure neutral and neutral neutral you neutral negative you negator negative positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative . negator neutral of them positive hpositive neutral , positive you . towers dure neutral neutral to neutral negative off-tank neutral afterall ( neutral when neutral positive neutral off-tanks ? ugh ) . neutral neutral we gonna negative neutral the atomos neutral ? how positive neutral positive to neutral from the neutral neutral melees neutral neutral . hpositive bastards . and neutral . you from neutral neutral ? you hnegative neutral neutral afk becaus you hnegative neutral negative neutral negator gonna hpositive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive wanna neutral neutral dailies negator having to negative neutral fights . positive , neutral neutral wanna intensifier neutral to neutral for glasya 's platforms to positive positive neutral when syrcus pops ? neutral neutral negator hnegative . neutral neutral they neutral to neutral re-designed to neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier positive how negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral compared to what they positive neutral neutral positive thi neutral negative ? negator neutral . neutral and hpositive plates neutral of positive hpositive and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive what they neutral with neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative ( you neutral positive what you negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ages – neutral , when cutscenes positive negator neutral , the positive neutral 's neutral of what neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral should neutral neutral hpositive neutral into neutral neutral neutral ) .
hnegative ffxiv hnegative fuck hnegative neutral neutral ! neutral neutral negator hpositive where you neutral from neutral neutral my neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral to my neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for negative neutral neutral to neutral them , neutral they positive neutral of neutral of assassins , fuck ! neutral the hnegative hpositive they positive diminisher intensifier hpositive neutral rasboras intensifier neutral neutral neutral of them and neutral they neutral my hpositive diminisher janitors neutral neutral the copepods that neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral . negator hpositive plants from neutral positive neutral you neutral negator hpositive neutral negative multistop neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator negative them > :
neutral to neutral sacks from neutral orthos neutral negator trending neutral neutral multistop neutral they could negator neutral neutral neutral to negative npc neutral the neutral for fragments positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier intensifier defeated . earlier thi neutral neutral neutral neutral potd neutral and positive wiped to the neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral negative . neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mch , neutral to neutral diminisher neutral with the neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral decides to neutral neutral intensifier shit , and neutral my neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral that , neutral neutral neutral into potd neutral mch , and neutral hours of neutral neutral neutral ( shit neutral hurts neutral neutral positive dps , neutral plz stahp ) , neutral positive and negative neutral hpositive neutral against what feelings positive neutral neutral neutral . realized how neutral neutral neutral , called neutral neutral neutral , and neutral myself neutral would neutral that intensifier promised neutral : the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . hnegative the neutral that positive neutral and neutral neutral rngjesus neutral neutral would intensifier fuck with neutral . hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negative hp positive , which neutral diminisher hnegative neutral the mobs neutral the neutral neutral positive hitting neutral positive neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of imps and diminisher died to neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral , positive , and pots . positive to hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative of the neutral for diminisher hpositive neutral , and patrols positive neutral positive neutral . positive to hpositive . neutral neutral neutral and auto-regen neutral . fuck . neutral intensifier needed my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for my hnegative . positive to neutral my neutral hpositive , and the chests neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive to imps and neutral neutral to neutral neutral . died , neutral , attempted neutral when cooldowns neutral hnegative , and failed the neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the negative . neutral positive to the promised neutral and could negator hpositive neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral mch for neutral neutral my neutral neutral falls hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's negative neutral . hnegative not-a-resmage-today noises . neutral the hnegative hpositive mch seems to neutral intensifier hpositive dps neutral intensifier neutral positive that .
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive negator negative to negator neutral neutral to neutral . negator cares if neutral neutral neutral dies becaus they neutral neutral to neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral pulling to the neutral you neutral to neutral neutral to dps .
negator intensifier hnegative thi neutral . my neutral and neutral neutral neutral our neutral neutral of neutral neutral intensifier we neutral neutral uwu for our neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral positive having positive and neutral the positive of neutral weeks we neutral neutral neutral to positive jails neutral neutral intensifier neutral everyth neutral intensifier neutral ! neutral , the positive neutral to neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral the negative things we positive that would neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral .
neutral positive negative to neutral arr neutral mage positive parties negator neutral neutral , the dps neutral positive negator neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral of those neutral neutral neutral neutral them negator aetherial neutral multiquestion
the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral myself to neutral and neutral into the neutral the neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral the guides , and neutral neutral hnegative tries , neutral negator neutral into neutral positive what infuriating to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral ffxiv . hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral my doh / neutral neutral neutral my neutral thi neutral , including neutral melds to neutral upgrades ( fuck penta if neutral neutral negator neutral to ) multistop neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral my neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral positive buying neutral neutral becaus neutral negator neutral pactmaker 's neutral neutral my catboy and neutral positive diminisher positive gil than neutral . neutral fuck the neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral the shit neutral of neutral / neutral neutral hnegative and *i neutral tomes*
negator neutral xiv hnegative , neutral negative mmo . neutral hnegative , neutral , intensifier relat . derpy meme neutral neutral : negator hnegative negator neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral , having to neutral neutral that biffs neutral neutral neutral frustrating , neutral gods neutral you neutral the neutral you signed neutral for . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral . neutral , neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral self-sufficient and neutral hnegative players . others hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral you hpositive negative the neutral neutral . / neutral that positive how neutral positive my neutral , neutral , neutral neutral hpositive positive the neutral neutral . neutral negative what neutral neutral neutral with positive neutral the neutral positive negator neutral neutral when needed . positive that one-button neutral intensifier positive that you negator neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral you neutral to neutral your neutral ? okay , intensifier that veered into xiv hnegative neutral neutral . neutral
hpositive diminisher fuck everyth . neutral neutral intensifier neutral and my negative intensifier intensifier sucks . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral with months of neutral that my neutral ( neutral my hpositive mom ) thinks neutral neutral her . negator neutral games neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral becaus she moved neutral to the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our fridge neutral positive neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral she thinks she should hnegative the neutral neutral becaus neutral diminisher boards diminisher neutral the fridge neutral . neutral positive my neutral neutral neutral that neutral online until my kid gets neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for multistop neutral neutral for my neutral and kid and neutral , positive neutral dishes and positive neutral positive for neutral diminisher with kiddo neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral should neutral sorting neutral items we neutral neutral for that positive years of my neutral that neutral neutral positive hpositive with becaus neutral positive neutral intensifier of ptsbad memories neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the kid when neutral gets neutral of neutral , neutral positive crickets . ( neutral neutral online for and positive my neutral hours , positive what neutral hires for neutral neutral ) . she positive takes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral for neutral to hpositive her with her neutral . hpositive fuck . and thi positive diminisher neutral the neutral of her . neutral negator neutral to neutral and she neutral neutral her hpositive neutral neutral that she positive neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral . neutral to neutral your neutral neutral and neutral .
my neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the vr neutral . thi neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive . non-game neutral : windows positive neutral neutral feb that neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral anymore . neutral months of neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral / neutral . intensifier intensifier negative . neutral should negator neutral to neutral the neutral to hnegative updates . negator everyon knows how to troubleshoot / neutral thi neutral . if neutral of my hpositive neutral members computers hpositive neutral updating that would neutral that . they would negator neutral positive to neutral . they positive hpositive neutral negative neutral of positive neutral . thi positive negator positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral 's neutral neutral neutral weeks neutral of errors becaus she positive hpositive hnegative and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral her facebook slots hnegative neutral neutral loads . what neutral y'all neutral neutral neutral neutral microsoft neutral ? hnegative thi !
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral spams “ hpositive neutral ” neutral “ neutral the neutral ” you neutral the hnegative with hpositive and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral expectations you negator neutral
pagos sucks . neutral of neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral for others to neutral to the nm fates , the negative falls you neutral to neutral to neutral to hnegative parts of the neutral **including where you neutral to neutral to neutral crystals for the relic** neutral dragons that neutral negator neutral hpositive you neutral positive . **also infront of the neutral spot** neutral negator neutral / neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . negative neutral cd neutral the fates . everyth neutral pagos sucks .
neutral diminisher of neutral positive neutral to neutral our positive neutral the hnegative . neutral neutral , instaqueue with neutral players , positive neutral the neutral shite neutral . ~~unrestricted neutral positive positive neutral on… ~~so we positive neutral neutral ( the newbie ) and neutral dps . negator neutral dps with hnegative neutral . nope , we positive neutral rpr , drg , and neutral . balls . we neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral negative , neutral you hpositive what neutral neutral . > ! that twelve-damned neutral neutral . ! < we negative neutral our positive . neutral the neutral neutral , we neutral called neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral , neutral sch , and neutral rdm . fuck that > ! neutral neutral ! < neutral . neutral - hpositive neutral neutral negator hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral we positive negator hpositive of . oops . the hnegative neutral stands !
neutral negative the floorset neutral neutral eo intensifier neutral . the crystals hpositive positive sinc neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral they hpositive the positive claustrophobic positive neutral intensifier negative . they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral obstructions for neutral neutral . mobs fusing with the walls neutral the neutral and jumpscaring you positive neutral negative neutral . intensifier hnegative chests neutral neutral neutral of rocks becaus they packed the rooms intensifier neutral .
neutral positive hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral frontlines . neutral positive hnegative when you neutral points . neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral deathball the neutral neutral and neutral **over of them neutral neutral positive the fuck neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral has positive negative negative neutral hnegative neutral negative
" hpositive neutral neutral " what neutral the fuck neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral , the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral you should neutral hpositive neutral . you neutral negator neutral neutral hitting neutral when everyon neutral negator neutral healed neutral that neutral neutral the raidwide ? you neutral negator neutral neutral putting tbn neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral aoe to neutral them ? you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral from the diminisher neutral neutral positive , and neutral hnegative neutral neutral ? you neutral negator neutral the neutral spamming neutral positive neutral to " neutral " neutral dure neutral neutral ? you neutral negator neutral neutral negative having to neutral intensifier that the dps positive neutral neutral of neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral tankbusters ? neutral you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral intensifier we could neutral neutral tsukuyomi neutral neutral . thi " hpositive neutral neutral " neutral has neutral tilted neutral intensifier neutral .
aoe debuffs we neutral aoe debuffs neutral negator neutral enix multiquestion
neutral neutral stb neutral intensifier slooooowwwwww , neutral neutral neutral quests and neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral . hsw neutral negative neutral neutral , positive , positive , negative negative . and positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of neutral peoples chores and neutral wanna cryyyyyyy
we neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive becaus diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive gonna negative with everyon neutral neutral neutral , neutral them and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the negative neutral . for fuck 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive how thi neutral neutral when they neutral neutral negative neutral .
my improvements for whm would neutral to neutral medica ii hnegative medica , and medica ii neutral neutral ogcd . intensifier neutral neutral neutral , and hpositive neutral ii hpositive neutral upgraded neutral .
neutral negative neutral 's neutral ! that positive neutral .
neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral your hotbar for pvp neutral . if you negator neutral neutral how to neutral neutral positive neutral negator intensifier que neutral .
they intensifier neutral to neutral you neutral for neutral dungeons the neutral neutral neutral everyth neutral intensifier you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral into the neutral of negator preventing you from neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral the neutral .
having to neutral neutral neutral sucks neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral and neutral and negative that they neutral neutral commissions negator disclosing neutral positive neutral and they neutral neutral to hpositive neutral intensifier neutral from hpositive neutral neutral neutral they neutral shit neutral hpositive . positive you neutral neutral positive neutral tos and neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral ? you neutral negator neutral your commissioners that multiquestion positive neutral if you negative to hpositive neutral neutral hnegative hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative positive negator neutral you negative neutral hnegative neutral negative multiquestion
neutral positive neutral neutral from negative neutral negative with negator neutral neutral . our neutral neutral dc'd neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral to the ffx kabuki… neutral positive my neutral neutral neutral kabuki , neutral neutral negator hpositive what to neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral thi . neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive diminisher and neutral positive ffx , neutral hpositive diminisher of the positive and neutral what positive neutral neutral omg neutral neutral intensifier slowwwwwwwwwwwwwww the breaks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral couldnt neutral negative the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for that neutral . the neutral itself positive positive for positive neutral neutral ish neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral how they neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and could diminisher neutral anyon if they neutral performing neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral where neutral positive lifted neutral neutral positive , thi neutral positive diminisher lifted neutral . neutral neutral positive the costumes and the actors neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hpositive they neutral the neutral intensifier itll neutral neutral for neutral neutral kabuki + hpositive negator neutral the neutral neutral . the neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral could neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral roleplayer . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral roulettes . neutral neutral negator neutral roulettes neutral months . neutral the positive occasions that neutral neutral neutral someth , neutral neutral neutral . yay ! neutral neutral neutral ! neutral , neutral neutral to neutral roulettes neutral neutral negative . neutral my negative neutral neutral positive negator neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive ! neutral neutral , neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral ! neutral ! intensifier , neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral to hnegative neutral , neutral for neutral to neutral negative , the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral to my neutral equipped neutral positive . what the heck ! what neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral ? thi positive neutral positive positive neutral that should neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral equipped neutral to the neutral neutral . how they neutral coded thi positive intensifier negative to neutral . intensifier neutral ? negator roulettes . neutral . hnegative you shit , neutral . " negator neutral healers neutral neutral . " neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher . neutral !
neutral neutral neutral qitana neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral the godsdamn katana for my neutral positive and neutral has negator dropped neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral ! would neutral intensifier negative the neutral intensifier neutral if we could hpositive hpositive neutral weapons for neutral from negative npc neutral neutral msq ? !
neutral okay , neutral if you neutral franckknight 's neutral neutral .
positive - neutral hnegative your neutral knows what they neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral from the neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral hnegative neutral wool-gathering neutral neutral the neutral of hnegative my neutral keys when hurrying , neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral to neutral you neutral line-of-sight when you neutral that neutral , my heals hnegative negator neutral hpositive neutral when mobs neutral neutral neutral - neutral negator hpositive neutral positive and you neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral neutral the neutral !
neutral neutral dps with the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . you neutral that neutral , neutral hpositive you neutral becaus you neutral hitting neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral you that " neutral " positive negator neutral for : - neutral neutral to desynth thi - neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral for seals - neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative synced into neutral negative neutral . you neutral negator neutral the neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral the intensifier ilvl reqs becaus you neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral someth . neutral positive neutral thi negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of you , negator negative how neutral neutral messes neutral my hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral non-complementary neutral for your neutral if you negative , neutral hpositive neutral you to neutral neutral my neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral **not** neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for rainforest neutral . we neutral neutral positive of neutral to hires , and neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral with neutral , neutral the neutral of the positive hnegative neutral employees and the learnng newbies has neutral my neutral neutral the hnegative neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive **so hard** to neutral neutral neutral and neutral gives neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral with negator cares neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive neutral igniting the rollers of my conveyor neutral . neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral intensifier for hours neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral . thi positive hpositive . the positive positive thi neutral ( ironic positive rainforest neutral 's logo neutral ) neutral : ffxiv non-rage , neutral hpositive thi neutral and negative to neutral neutral neutral grrrrr
" neutral nw neutral neutral " " positive " neutral healers neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral multiquestion
neutral into troia neutral drk with neutral brd positive for negative neutral . the hnegative neutral neutral grasshoppers from off-dc . neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral talks neutral ultimates neutral neutral neutral info neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral the neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral . positive gets neutral , seems to hnegative , and neutral to positive the neutral binkying neutral diminisher than neutral neutral dpsing . neutral neutral my neutral abbacus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral how neutral neutral neutral , and the positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive , neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive from neutral neutral . positive neutral to diminisher neutral dps per neutral - neutral diminisher instances - and died to intensifier neutral everyth neutral could negative . neutral positive him neutral neutral the neutral of neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral positive of neutral lasers neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral hp neutral neutral from neutral to neutral . neutral neutral rolls neutral which myself and the positive hpositive positive to neutral becaus the neutral died to neutral hnegative . we neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral the positive . neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral ) for neutral neutral him becaus " neutral 's positive " . intensifier hnegative they positive positive and neutral neutral hpositive pissed we positive the votekick neutral neutral neutral could neutral negator . my neutral neutral hydaelyn , neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral positive positive to the neutral . neutral thi positive neutral . troia positive negator neutral anyth positive neutral you , and neutral neutral expecting you to hpositive your neutral neutral thi neutral . thi neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral returning neutral . neutral should neutral positive to neutral username diminisher lasers and neutral raidwide . neutral the hpositive neutral , the neutral joined him neutral neutral , and we neutral with neutral badass mch neutral we trio'd the neutral of the neutral with and neutral hroth positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive myself and the brd negative neutral ourselv becaus our mch died positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative with the negative diminisher than neutral the neutral of neutral .
my neutral positive positive to rl commitments and hnegative neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral diminisher hpositive becaus diminisher of the members neutral positive my friends for years . neutral that positive how neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral dreading pfing neutral suprisingly , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral sinc neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral prog . neutral attitudes , neutral negative memes . thi positive neutral hpositive neutral and everyth positive neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral pf positive neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral sinc everyon thinks they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral aether .
if the neutral positive negator using cooldowns , neutral them neutral and neutral them
if the neutral positive negator neutral negative , neutral them neutral and neutral them
if the dps neutral neutral negator negative , neutral them neutral and neutral them
if neutral positive neutral targetting groups neutral aoeing bosses , neutral them neutral and neutral them
if neutral neutral negator neutral the foggiest positive of how to neutral their neutral neutral negative neutral them neutral and neutral them
if neutral tries to neutral you that neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral them neutral and neutral them

these neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral my dungeons neutral the neutral neutral . neutral . and thi positive negator neutral of the neutral neutral

neutral hpositive neutral the neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive what iaijutsu neutral neutral negative and the neutral refused to neutral them .
thi neutral 's negative neutral : " i'm neutral neutral "

if thi neutral positive positive called neutral and kicked for thi neutral , thi hnegative negator neutral happened .
if neutral queues with randos and neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral of basics of their neutral neutral neutral expecting to neutral neutral , neutral them neutral and neutral them .
neutral positive negator gatekeeping if neutral 's hnegative positive impacting the hpositive of others .
neutral hugboxing and negative to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to .
neutral neutral shitters and ruining thi co-op neutral for everyon neutral becaus you negator neutral assed to neutral which neutral to neutral neutral neutral .

fuck .
neutral syncs neutral thi neutral neutral negative positive . neutral negative neutral should neutral players to the neutral neutral negative **in the neutral neutral neutral out** , negator the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck that neutral positive " neutral neutral " , it'd neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive to neutral neutral and neutral if negator for the braindead hnegative neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral . and it'd neutral neutral negative of neutral intensifier intensifier to neutral sprouts how neutral neutral neutral to neutral when they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to positive neutral syrcus neutral , neutral when neutral positive neutral and neutral positive positive to neutral shit to negator neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral that neutral hnegative you and amon neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive , neutral to negative the negative neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral : neutral of neutral .
> hpositive to neutral the neutral negative markers neutral the neutral of neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral players if neutral neutral to neutral them positive they neutral to . iirc , those markers neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral and the neutral neutral they neutral neutral changed positive neutral from neutral negative circles to the neutral neutral . if neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral , positive = neutral positive the neutral vuln debuff that neutral stacks neutral that kills you for neutral neutral neutral neutral , and that debuff negator existed neutral the st stacks . what killed neutral neutral the neutral neutral the markers *not* neutral intensifier stacked and neutral positive neutral the neutral of the " venn positive " and neutral neutral neutral negative . that positive neutral neutral them .
that intensifier fucked neutral .
pleeeease neutral neutral you reported them
heckin neutral the neutral that neutral neutral you neutral neutral pvp , if neutral wanted to neutral lectured hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral my parents
positive-but-actually-toxic messages neutral neutral neutral my nerves intensifier , intensifier neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " wtf neutral you neutral you fkin noob " .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the raids intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral roles : neutral and neutral . intensifier negator likes neutral neutral neutral neutral negator letting that neutral neutral neutral with positive neutral with their neutral neutral and negator neutral targeting the neutral . neutral raids neutral intensifier hnegative with freeloaders .
neutral positive negator intensifier positive the fucks that neutral the positive neutral and positive immediatly afk . fuck you assholes intensifier goddamn neutral . and positive they hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . fuck hnegative , your neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral you pushed that neutral .
would you negator hpositive neutral neutral uses neutral neutral packs neutral ? neutral positive intensifier negative
neutral negator neutral neutral dungeons neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if your dps positive hpositive lb neutral charges dure neutral the negative diminisher neutral ignores neutral , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative negative . neutral neutral and positive when neutral lb negative the negative complains and neutral positive positive neutral you positive your hpositive okay .
neutral neutral neutral with thi neutral neutral ! intensifier my neutral to hpositive my positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral !
positive neutral : you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral from sohm neutral ( hnegative ) negative thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral my positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for my gunbreaker
positive you neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral and neutral you neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and they negator neutral neutral that
neutral neutral negator positive diminisher neutral 's hpositive to neutral neutral , and neutral baffles neutral . neutral neutral the ivalice negative , our positive hashmal , we positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive that , when neutral neutral to the hpositive dives , neutral of the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral could , neutral negative them pointers , neutral them how to neutral for the neutral neutral , neutral warned them of the neutral neutral intensifier they could pre-position . neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral the neutral happened , neutral neutral positive hnegative overrides the instructions and hpositive neutral neutral neutral fuck neutral . you positive neutral they should neutral hpositive neutral with hpositive of neutral of neutral neutral , neutral nope . neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral of and showed positive positive . neutral putting neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral them 'go neutral neutral neutral thi mechanic' , they positive negative positive neutral neutral of negative neutral and neutral them killed . diminisher neutral neutral neutral to that neutral .
neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive of anyth intensifier neutral than " neutral neutral , negative neutral against neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral positive to neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral , the ones neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive ( hpositive negative ) of neutral the neutral of neutral neutral considers " neutral neutral to markers " and " neutral the neutral " to neutral the neutral of sweati nolifers / hj srsly neutral , neutral , multiplayer neutral and neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral whenev neutral neutral the " positive neutral " neutral neutral someth that neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations for the positive and neutral for the hnegative , intensifier if the positive neutral positive the neutral , and intensifier intensifier with that neutral
the hnegative neutral neutral that the neutral ew neutral neutral neutral completed intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative dorito neutral hpositive neutral neutral looks positive they hpositive what they neutral neutral . positive has positive . neutral aoes . newbies hpositive to neutral neutral when intensifier than neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative that neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral negative that neutral . that negative neutral positive neutral neutral becaus idk what you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral trips neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus im positive neutral the castbar neutral and neutral the intensifier neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , positive neutral positive becaus neutral the hnegative neutral . multistop neutral neutral btw .
if your negative positive changing neutral neutral to neutral , lasik positive negator neutral hpositive positive . negative positive from neutral !
neutral neutral negative hpositive wanted to neutral neutral diminisher info that neutral neutral negative positive for diminisher neutral cats neutral the neutral years . neutral positive negator negative neutral to neutral diminisher things that positive neutral your neutral 's neutral neutral intensifier that they neutral negator neutral ( intensifier ) neutral neutral neutral the neutral : neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive results with neutral positive the greenies neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative stores , neutral intensifier neutral with neutral / neutral motivated cats . neutral hpositive forces cats to neutral the neutral and the neutral cleans their neutral . neutral the neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral they neutral the neutral neutral of positive cats to neutral and neutral cleans neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral would neutral with the neutral to neutral if thi positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral . you neutral neutral neutral using negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral of neutral your neutral 's neutral . neutral positive for kittens to positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral , neutral helps . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator kidding . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral for him intensifier neutral positive neutral negative neutral my zippers . neutral intensifier neutral for those neutral addicts negative . neutral neutral positive diminisher cats neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral hpositive , and hpositive cats positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations your positive 's neutral hpositive !
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral if you neutral negator hnegative with neutral , positive you should negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral tolerating precenses and hnegative neutral into the neutral of hpositive for them .
neutral positive that . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the arr neutral primals . neutral neutral that neutral positive becaus neutral neutral exists neutral intensifier the neutral neutral things you *have* to neutral with hnegative neutral neutral neutral those fights , neutral neutral feelings intensifier underwhelming and neutral gives diminisher xp than if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral queued for .
neutral queued neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral my gnb neutral positive intensifier tam-tara
neutral positive positive my neutral neutral to neutral someth neutral that intensifier ifrit neutral when neutral neutral levelling neutral . neutral , and sinc my neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral mage , and my neutral ast , we neutral neutral neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral of that negative hpositive neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative , neutral positive hpositive neutral negator , negator neutral ! neutral the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral that knows to neutral the neutral when neutral appears . hey dps , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral , negator neutral my neutral positive and neutral neutral the neutral ! neutral should neutral neutral neutral " / neutral dps , neutral the neutral neutral we neutral neutral " neutral someth .
you could neutral hpositive neutral diminisher macros with neutral / quick-chat phrases to hpositive yourself neutral positive neutral neutral autorun neutral neutral typing neutral neutral for neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator hnegative to neutral neutral if you neutral hnegative neutral _good ! intensifier walls ! _ that neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral to neutral the shit neutral of your enemies
neutral positive that hpositive . the neutral intensifier per-fight neutral positive your neutral neutral , neutral negative that positive the neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral with endwalker into hpositive negative intensifier positive neutral ; intensifier neutral neutral they neutral negator negative to hpositive neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral to . neutral neutral diminisher hnegative with neutral they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher things with the neutral neutral neutral intensifier to hpositive neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral . ( although neutral positive they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the shb positive mage . )
you positive “ hahaha bahamut neutral brrr ”
neutral positive positive the simplest neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral . negator negative to neutral slipstream positive if the neutral positive neutral to neutral . negator negative to ifrit dure neutral positive negative neutral , etc .
neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier the healers positive negator neutral you neutral neutral .
neutral neutral from neutral of the intensifier negative jobs to 'durr neutral neutral positive neutral neutral boom'
neutral becaus you neutral neutral negative markers neutral ct and neutral neutral , which gives neutral diminisher diminisher of neutral hnegative neutral for neutral neutral . and neutral stacks neutral negator neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until shb-ish ( neutral neutral neutral negative neutral sb ) .
neutral hnegative xande neutral syrcus neutral for neutral neutral the neutral stacked negative markers positive okay . neutral positive diminisher negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral the shit neutral of you .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral to thi neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive nuked neutral neutral neutral negative , and positive we neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral the negative
of the neutral neutral neutral positive via neutral negative neutral neutral positive dps wanna positive for the neutral negative markers ! neutral of neutral they neutral neutral neutral !
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive cuz neutral stacked them and we could negator neutral everyon neutral . neutral neutral positive “ positive ? those stacks neutral hnegative . neutral neutral you negative to neutral that ? ”
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral has positive negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral that seems to neutral neutral overlapping negative markers ? negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ( neutral neutral neutral encourages neutral with how the neutral neutral . if neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral stacking them neutral ( neutral and intensifier neutral with the neutral intensifier neutral hnegative ! )
neutral multistop positive negator positive that you neutral negator neutral to negative negative markers . til .
neutral jeez . hpositive neutral if you neutral neutral to neutral him neutral !
lets neutral . you positive thi besty .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral _pretty_ hnegative the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral caps , neutral the micdrop neutral positive neutral for our neutral sanctuaries hpositive that means positive for houses negative !
hey fuck neutral covid neutral hnegative positive imperials neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral : and fuck reddit neutral for negator formatting my haiku
positive to moar slots multiexclamation negator to long-covid & neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wol multiexclamation neutral hpositive multiexclamation
neutral neutral the stormblood hildy neutral couldve positive hpositive , neutral negative theyr hpositive . and the ew neutral positive hnegative . intensifier the newest positive when you > ! neutral neutral godbert ! < . neutral died neutral . intensifier of thi hpositive .
neutral 's neutral positive neutral , they neutral negative and negative negative neutral that positive neutral neutral we neutral them , neutral we hpositive wnat to positive the positive of neutral positive dumber than our wol
you positive neutral hpositive that neutral intensifier of neutral that neutral neutral that they neutral negative negative neutral the ones that neutral negator neutral them neutral and positive positive " positive " to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive negative weapons . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral the manderville quests neutral the positive neutral questline to neutral neutral of neutral mmo - and thi positive neutral from neutral neutral neutral to neutral runescape ( > ! " neutral neutral negator negative my eyes anymore multiexclamation " ! < ) - neutral if you neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral someth , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative with you , becaus you positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral you neutral neutral to the neutral you neutral positive neutral .
> positive positive negator neutral lv negative mage neutral positive neutral positive ? how neutral neutral you gonna neutral from hpositive to neutral ? neutral positive neutral intensifier negative neutral you if you positive neutral
positive neutral you neutral your negative - positive - hpositive - hpositive multiquestion that positive the neutral neutral neutral when you neutral neutral of mana ?
negative and negative negative positive negator neutral hnegative neutral if neutral describes someth positive that to you , neutral your positive of neutral against their the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier positive
they *are* negative and negative negative . that positive neutral we neutral them . they neutral hnegative and negative and positive negative and we hpositive them for neutral .
neutral positive neutral my materia neutral to neutral the hatching-tide neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral prime-time
you neutral neutral frontlines neutral materia , neutral neutral neutral *very* hpositive neutral neutral . neutral sydney neutral .
ive positive intensifier diminisher hnegative experiences neutral neutral . neutral negator negative neutral neutral for roulettes neutral diminisher neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive hnegative for my bros neutral underpop servers . having to neutral to neutral anyth neutral would neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral would negative neutral neutral materia pvp negative . hpositive when the hnegative tomestones neutral neutral your pvp neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
> neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive cody neutral and hpositive neutral positive and neutral becaus neutral negator positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral started neutral wwe hnegative thi neutral , we positive neutral neutral neutral .
dnc couples neutral neutral neutral their rl neutral neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral of my neutral to neutral partnering my neutral ( negator hnegative , neutral neutral tanks )
trifecta ? you neutral using that neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral means what you neutral neutral means .
> neutral positive negator neutral thi shit neutral neutral positive positive . neutral neutral retails neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive negator having neutral neutral , intensifier the intensifier neutral neutral neutral into neutral _during_ sales and negative neutral neutral , the intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ( dure and negator dure neutral periods ) neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral ! their neutral positive neutral , neutral positive hnegative
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral singlepulling neutral ( neutral mt gulg multiexclamation ) , neutral hpositive neutral . they singlepulled neutral the neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . she negator using neutral mits neutral and neutral hnegative aggro to neutral of the dpses . fuck , that . neutral neutral gonna votekick them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier hpositive bailed .
and neutral neutral negator negative if we neutral points . that positive neutral we neutral . you positive negative . you hpositive neutral the hnegative teams . and you neutral negator negative neutral neutral to neutral the s-node neutral neutral our neutral becaus 'oh neutral intensifier neutral and we positive . ' and that positive neutral we neutral , neutral neutral neutral , with points diminisher than the neutral . neutral you positive to neutral neutral positive everyth and neutral neutral to the neutral . that positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sekiro . neutral negative myself to negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative from how hnegative neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral runs neutral negator neutral kidding
neutral neutral positive comms neutral negative neutral negative neutral for maintaining neutral neutral neutral my neutral intensifier the neutral swapped to neutral positive when the mt died . neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive positive comm neutral ot neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative hnegative , neutral neutral neutral my neutral .
you neutral neutral nicer neutral than neutral ; when neutral neutral falls to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ( and neutral neutral hpositive positive , neutral positive neutral neutral *great* neutral how things neutral neutral when neutral happens neutral neutral neutral neutral *dancer , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral spamming negative with neutral negative until neutral of the hnegative tanks takes neutral and starts neutral their neutral neutral .
neutral neutral tanks neutral neutral neutral negative roulettes neutral neutral to positive that hnegative tanks neutral my neutral positive players neutral thi neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative if they neutral neutral hpositive of what their neutral positive neutral becaus neutral takes intensifier diminisher neutral to neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with intensifier than neutral .
hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral my neutral weeks neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative intensifier neutral neutral with ylu neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral busier than neutral expected . we positive scheduled to neutral of neutral we positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral tbat neutral negator neutral neutral until diminisher and negative negator buses positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral positive to neutral neutral woopee . intensifier neutral neutral intensifier pissed hnegative and annoyed when neutral positive neutral that neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and of neutral becaus of that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hours , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive . positive neutral neutral my neutral positive ? neutral negator . neutral hpositive negative diminisher neutral neutral . and to neutral positive the neutral neutral my neutral positive negative neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral jumping neutral . ingame hnegative : fuck neutral and the neutral neutral . fuck you neutral positive neutral !
what positive negative positive positive 's neutral neutral positive negator neutral that positive . your songs and dots neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral the intensifier neutral that positive negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qitana neutral the hnegative neutral . rpr neutral diminisher moved , neutral negator neutral neutral with the neutral , neutral into walls , neutral abilities intensifier positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive kicked neutral we neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral .
how neutral you hpositive they hnegative casted neutral neutral ? you negator neutral what they neutral neutral
neutral we neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral arr trials neutral neutral thi neutral
memes
neutral neutral negative and diminisher of neutral positive neutral that neutral ! negative neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral friends intensifier you neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral of neutral hnegative
neutral of my condoleances . negator neutral positive neutral becaus neutral positive negator hpositive and positive hpositive hpositive you positive hnegative positive neutral how neutral neutral neutral and positive the hnegative neutral neutral . neutral yourself neutral to hnegative , neutral neutral to yourself , you hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral positive neutral to you .
ive positive neutral reclears of hnegative neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . for diminisher neutral dps neutral neutral neutral hpositive to negator neutral negative . where neutral neutral the hpositive dps neutral ?
neutral neutral to my neutral neutral neutral would diminisher neutral than hnegative . positive our neutral and neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral . that positive how neutral neutral negative hnegative .
sounds positive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral for you . neutral and neutral !
thi positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral maps neutral of my fc , neutral positive neutral of the lowest neutral neutral to neutral gil intensifier if you neutral hpositive
neutral the neutral hpositive , if they neutral positive themselv and negator neutral the neutral of anybodi neutral , positive , neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive : ***w negative neutral ! ? *** neutral the negative goggles neutral hnegative the neutral of neutral to their neutral neutral someth ? ~~i positive that neutral happened to ffxi fans~~
neutral neutral they neutral to neutral thi neutral , hpositive negative
neutral neutral negator haha neutral neutral
intensifier wiping the hnegative neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral , positive negator neutral ? becaus positive they neutral hpositive neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral positive neutral .
neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral positive to dom neutral neutral hours of pf'ing . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that hnegative
neutral neutral the neutral neutral when playing neutral , positive neutral nice-looking neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive for that neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral negative if the neutral neutral lets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral raids becaus if neutral neutral neutral not-healer neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negative the negative , positive hnegative healers neutral neutral neutral .
positive you positive neutral , neutral neutral , intensifier you neutral neutral neutral for glam neutral the neutral multiexclamation
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral with you . neutral neutral played the neutral hnegative neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral gba , and neutral intensifier enjoyed neutral the positive neutral , intensifier the positive storyline for ii and the neutral jobs neutral neutral . neutral neutral them positive to neutral neutral positive neutral of the originals and neutral , neutral positive , the additions neutral the gba ports positive neutral intensifier neutral . positive neutral , neutral has intensifier neutral neutral intensifier of negative decisions with the pixel remasters . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier annoyed , becaus they hpositive neutral neutral neutral of them .
neutral , neutral , hnegative , thi *is* square-enix we neutral negative neutral neutral . for neutral hpositive neutral that they neutral they neutral obligated to neutral neutral neutral negative and / neutral anti-consumer things , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that positive neutral their articles of neutral
neutral neutral neutral of those weirdos neutral positive neutral positive trials neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral should negator neutral neutral .
neutral has positive neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative you neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral they neutral offline . neutral neutral neutral hpositive of neutral neutral my neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive if you neutral games that neutral online neutral neutral you could neutral to offline neutral for neutral neutral games neutral your neutral .
depends neutral the neutral , neutral positive negative neutral of the fights should neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral moved positive to neutral and they neutral neutral neutral for negative uptime
depends . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral corner/all the neutral to the neutral becaus the neutral neutral positive *always* neutral neutral negative from neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral means neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral for the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative ? unless the neutral neutral neutral neutral cleaves that positive neutral fucked neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral of the neutral , " neutral " positive intensifier hpositive than " neutral "
certains endroit l'auront - pas avant demain . neutral espérant le mieux ! j'ai patrons ici san électricité depuis to jour , et ils sont neutral pleine vill , je sais pas neutral quoi ils neutral basent neutral l'order des réparations , , mais bonne hpositive !
intensifier neutral you positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? negator hnegative , neutral would neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive , if you neutral having negative with these , you hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative of the neutral . neutral neutral when neutral neutral of neutral having negative with these msq duties : their neutral positive hnegative levels neutral of positive , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral negative you should neutral using neutral neutral from the neutral of the neutral neutral ( for neutral , if you neutral neutral heavensward , you negative neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral until you neutral negative for which you negative neutral neutral . ) rotations neutral negator neutral maintained . neutral neutral meme neutral thi neutral , neutral positive your tooltips , neutral neutral neutral guides . if you neutral neutral neutral and you neutral hpositive neutral , you neutral neutral focusing neutral intensifier than dps . ffxiv neutral neutral positive thi : positive you neutral to the neutral neutral ? if intensifier , neutral . if negator , neutral your dps neutral . that positive neutral . if you neutral " positive neutral " neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive dps neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral what positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral should negator neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
oooh , neutral . and neutral . and fishies . neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral planted neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral months and those things arent positive neutral multistop
neutral positive your hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if thi positive your neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral orthos neutral hpositive intensifier you neutral neutral to the hnegative floors neutral and neutral neutral to neutral . if you neutral committed to neutral neutral , neutral hpositive you positive of neutral becaus of how neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral : neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral and neutral and neutral neutral commendations .
you hpositive neutral neutral positive okay to neutral negator neutral neutral positive you complained neutral neutral negator neutral neutral multiexclamation ( / neutral becaus positive multistop neutral neutral )
that positive negative . neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral .
my neutral negator could neutral the vr neutral hnegative neutral neutral if that makes you positive hpositive . and hpositive neutral your for neutral your neutral with her neutral . neutral neutral neutral iphones and macs neutral positive they hpositive neutral . hnegative windows neutral the neutral !
neutral negator neutral neutral positive . if you positive hnegative neutral neutral , you negator neutral positive negative synced and couldve neutral neutral . ( neutral negative neutral neutral of the hnegative positive neutral neutral hpositive negative ) if you neutral with neutral neutral neutral , neutral ignores neutral restrictions , neutral synced . neutral neutral neutral neutral roulettes . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral roulettes for the memes . intensifier of hpositive tldr ; neutral your roles if youre queueing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral positive what neutral colloqually neutral to neutral " unsync " . if that positive positive neutral neutral , you would neutral positive dropped neutral neutral your neutral levels and negator positive level-synced positive , and would neutral neutral neutral the neutral one-shotting everyth . queueing neutral with neutral neutral premade neutral removes neutral restrictions , which positive neutral you positive allowed to neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . hnegative , queueing neutral with neutral neutral pre-made neutral means that you would negator neutral positive penalized for neutral neutral and queueing neutral neutral neutral neutral of you positive neutral jobs . the neutral neutral neutral pre-made gets penalized for neutral neutral neutral positive if they neutral into neutral neutral , neutral which neutral neutral they neutral to neutral positive neutral for neutral diminisher minutes and positive neutral neutral neutral positive negative .
positive 's shadowbite neutral positive neutral shb neutral to neutral neutral to everyon . our windbite and venombite . and smn neutral to neutral neutral " neutral jaws " that neutral the debuff neutral with their neutral aoe . these positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral for neutral neutral . brd neutral to neutral intensifier intensifier op .
you neutral hpositive comparing the neutral of hw with the neutral of sb neutral if you neutral negator neutral to . hw neutral started with neutral neutral negative of chores .
hang neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral bits neutral stb for hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral you diminisher promises . you positive hang neutral with diminisher of the neutral 's positive characters , neutral and villains positive . you positive neutral diminisher positive dungeons and neutral battles . when the neutral hits neutral intensifier - neutral neutral diminisher positive moments . the neutral neutral positive the slowest , although neutral neutral has diminisher intensifier hpositive moments , intensifier the neutral you neutral the hpositive neutral gets .
neutral the expansions neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral heavensward you positive to babysit the elezen manchild neutral yoshi 's neutral and neutral neutral chores for him . neutral neutral introduced diminisher reoccurring characters and neutral of hnegative subconflicts . neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral when neutral neutral phasing neutral neutral diminisher from hnegative positive negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi and what the neutral implications hnegative neutral . keeps neutral neutral and makes the neutral neutral neutral and neutral reveals positive intensifier neutral . intensifier if neutral neutral positive twists .
neutral the intensifier neutral neutral positive negator neutral for neutral to negator neutral into neutral to neutral you neutral the freecure proc
neutral neutral has negative neutral neutral to medica neutral would negator hpositive positive to hpositive neutral of them ogcd and negator the neutral . ( aspected neutral , positive , ekurasian neutral ) .
neutral neutral the medica neutral . neutral neutral to swiftcast neutral neutral negative hnegative aoe neutral . intensifier neutral pre-lily neutral when you neutral newbie positive neutral neutral narnia neutral the neutral intensifier negator neutral and / neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and medica to positive negator neutral them neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral raidwide . neutral with the neutral neutral . if we neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral into play…we positive positive hnegative tbh .
that neutral when you positive how neutral you neutral neutral the neutral of ffxiv neutral neutral positive when votekicks neutral into neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral . thi intensifier neutral has negative my neutral issues neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral roleplayer . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral roulettes . neutral neutral negator neutral roulettes neutral months . positive neutral negator neutral roleplay hnegative that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral subreddit neutral what neutral neutral
neutral you neutral glams neutral neutral your neutral slots , including accessories ? neutral accessories you negator neutral neutral gloves etc ? negative neutral the slots and neutral if that helps
hpositive conna neutral you to my neutral from neutral neutral 's hnegative neutral : neutral , what snootnoots says
what neutral positive neutral ! ? srsly-not-srsly neutral neutral unironically neutral the neutral " neutral " neutral anymore
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator hpositive of ?
neutral
neutral positive . and for anyth negative neutral hpositive , ignored .
neutral we negative negative neutral neutral multistop ?
the negative positive " neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of your spellbook . neutral neutral when the neutral neutral and positive the neutral neutral you positive negative neutral neutral the enemies neutral neutral neutral .
positive pulls neutral the neutral . you neutral the positive .
>you neutral neutral negative synced into neutral negative neutral . you neutral negator neutral the neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral the intensifier ilvl reqs becaus you neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral someth . that positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral . if thi positive negative neutral neutral , you should neutral neutral neutral from neutral rouls neutral neutral to neutral the neutral positive from the neutral neutral . if thi positive your neutral neutral neutral the msq neutral , you intensifier neutral neutral positive of neutral ilevel neutral for the neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral you positive neutral quests into the endgame - patches .
if you neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral if the hnegative dps positive neutral . neutral players neutral neutral and positive neutral intensifier . neutral , the reasons you neutral for negative neutral hitting neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive reasons . neutral positive positive negator " your " neutral they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive advocating for thi for neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral , they positive neutral neutral to neutral hnegative of the fights . neutral , for neutral , neutral to neutral neutral tanks per neutral neutral neutral to positive deactive the towers . neutral could neutral username neutral with neutral neutral per neutral , neutral neutral multistop negator that neutral should positive thi from neutral . the ct raids neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral . neutral the mhach raids neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral ct that neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and that positive diminisher neutral negator neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive hpositive negative neutral hp% neutral . everyth neutral you could intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral with negative . and neutral encourages neutral to neutral neutral to neutral ct raids which makes the neutral neutral neutral neutral fuck . positive , neutral neutral sooo intensifier hpositive to neutral to neutral intensifier syrcus neutral neutral for the neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral . negator , neutral neutral negator neutral to hpositive 'shut my neutral off' . neutral neutral negator playing thi intensifier neutral to neutral my neutral hnegative .
neutral positive , neutral . neutral neutral becaus they wanted neutral for neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive . intensifier negative , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral needed neutral neutral they , you hpositive , could've asked neutral to negative until they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral into hnegative .
neutral neutral . negator positive if anyth positive neutral of neutral . neutral positive they positive negative negative neutral .
neutral the " i'm hpositive neutral for the xp teehee " .
neutral would hpositive that positive neutral neutral positive that positive diminisher negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator to neutral my hopes neutral negative positive thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral negative mage neutral my neutral neutral using lb against neutral to neutral the neutral of the neutral when the lb neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral died neutral diminisher neutral .
you neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral lbs negative .
neutral neutral that negative neutral the queues neutral neutral neutral for neutral for neutral dps and neutral needed to neutral dps to neutral the neutral neutral becaus aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa multiexclamation
neutral if the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you , you neutral to neutral positive for hnegative indicators . neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral the neutral 's buffs . they neutral you which neutral the neutral has equipped ( you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the buffs neutral hpositive ) , which positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive the hpositive neutral , chakrams neutral neutral donut ( thi neutral positive hpositive to neutral becaus the neutral positive neutral neutral ) , neutral positive neutral neutral aoe . shiva and diminisher a-rank marks neutral positive neutral . diminisher hnegative neutral indicators neutral fights neutral neutral debuffs ( hpositive hnegative you neutral these hnegative positive and neutral neutral neutral them , they neutral neutral neutral what positive neutral ) and hpositive animations .
neutral positive ! positive , neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative with dates neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral ! neutral neutral hpositive positive that my neutral has seemed hnegative sinc neutral positive these positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral positive *actually* hnegative neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ! my neutral neutral positive positive hnegative , neutral neutral multistop neutral .
neutral loves greenies ! neutral positive neutral intensifier negative , neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral to neutral neutral of neutral neutral ! neutral should neutral him diminisher neutral toys intensifier neutral stops neutral neutral neutral neutral wrappers . the screami neutral positive neutral hpositive ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my feet neutral lmfao .
you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral fights neutral neutral .
negative , neutral we neutral ? neutral neutral neutral my negative neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral tomestone neutral , intensifier neutral entered neutral neutral expecting diminisher negative neutral . neutral neutral positive malikah 's neutral , which positive synced to negative - neutral our neutral neutral neutral and helped neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive ya . neutral neutral neutral , when neutral neutral the neutral for levelling neutral neutral my neutral mage jobs ( neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ifrit neutral ! we could negator neutral halatali neutral the neutral msq dungeons , negator we neutral to neutral that ugly-ass hpositive neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator ifrit .
typing neutral gcds positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive and diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral you for the neutral neutral positive neutral into neutral !
neutral neutral neutral positive they positive intensifier hnegative neutral ? becaus that sounds intensifier neutral to neutral .
positive neutral neutral where neutral neutral stacked . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative the neutral neutral neutral survived neutral becaus the drk negative neutral neutral tbn . intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral hnegative and having your diminisher neutral neutral neutral you negator to neutral the negative markers would neutral diminisher minds . neutral neutral we positive multistop
neutral neutral neutral negative markers neutral neutral you neutral diminisher neutral vuln positive intensifier that if you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative you neutral intensifier positive , for neutral neutral syrcus neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to hpositive negative everyon positive . neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral debuffs that positive neutral you if you neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier sharing neutral negative positive negative , overlapping stacks kills everyon . negative positive positive diminisher than neutral , e.g. neutral neutral neutral to hits of neutral of neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral depends neutral how hnegative the negative neutral positive , diminisher of them neutral neutral mitigated neutral neutral + dps , diminisher positive neutral your neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative .
neutral positive neutral diminisher normal-mode stacks neutral late-game that positive neutral you if you neutral neutral , negative neutral the stacks neutral the neutral negative ( which neutral neutral vuln ) , the neutral stacks neutral the neutral ( they neutral the neutral healers , and neutral neutral vuln ) . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral normals , neutral others neutral neutral , neutral they neutral neutral exist… and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
the stacks negative neutral neutral . positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral negative , neutral you neutral negative them . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral raids neutral . neutral and hpositive they neutral neutral vuln stacks . neutral negative positive negative , the neutral negative positive neutral negative and neutral neutral .
neutral depends neutral the neutral . diminisher you negative , diminisher you intensifier neutral negator negative to .
neutral you neutral the negative neutral raids ? neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative mech neutral neutral the neutral versions that positive neutral players if they neutral stacked . neutral hpositive for hnegative neutral exists neutral the neutral neutral raids neutral shb . the positive of neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hw extremes where neutral neutral neutral neutral sephirot 's neutral . the devs positive neutral hpositive versions of positive mechs / markers into neutral fights the neutral neutral neutral " positive " mech positive introduced .
neutral , neutral heard neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative , intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive intensifier than neutral post-it neutral neutral " neutral to neutral " neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral negative the devs neutral positive neutral positive neutral . neutral that neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive from neutral neutral neutral of neutral to neutral intensifier items positive than positive becaus neutral positive negative neutral . if we neutral negative neutral positive thi , positive positive neutral neutral neutral . ( would neutral neutral negative ! )
negator hpositive the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that they positive neutral to neutral the neutral negative to
haiku neutral neutral neutral spaces neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral
fuck reddit neutral for neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral ! hnegative , neutral you for the neutral , neutral positive appreciated . neutral neutral we neutral positive hpositive negative !
neutral you intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral ! neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral the hildy quests and neutral intensifier neutral negator positive > ! battles where you neutral neutral hnegative characters ! < , neutral > ! the godbert neutral ! < positive hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral they neutral positive positive negator the *whole* neutral . neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral spamming neutral .
neutral negative they neutral that the blm neutral using neutral positive negator using positive neutral neutral would hpositive neutral negative .
neutral positive negative that neutral negative neutral neutral sydney neutral and neutral neutral mins neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral and hpositive to neutral , the neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral for months to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral pvp neutral positive when neutral neutral wings neutral happens
neutral ! neutral neutral negator neutral couples playing positive positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and playing with my neutral positive neutral negative neutral . neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . negative couples positive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
dnc partnering neutral , negative , hnegative mentors . neutral things , trifecta .
neutral , neutral neutral that , neutral the neutral positive - neutral neutral negator hnegative that the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive that neutral of neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral positive mmo-focused neutral - intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral duke-nukem-forever-grade hype neutral neutral - neutral neutral the costs and negative for negative high-grade neutral . neutral the negative of neutral positive neutral neutral , hg neutral has neutral levels of hpositive , and diminisher intensifier goddamn hpositive to negator neutral and neutral neutral with dlc .
how neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral ? hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and whoever neutral tanking > ! nymeia ! < neutral positive , and neutral neutral " hey uhh , nin positive negator neutral neutral " " negator positive dnc " " negator - neutral typed neutral their positive neutral positive died and neutral neutral neutral the - she positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral
neutral ? ! neutral neutral hpositive baffled that neutral neutral awed neutral the neutral neutral tenets of tanking ( neutral neutral , negator neutral the neutral , picking neutral adds , neutral swaps , etc . ) positive , neutral tanks should neutral neutral thi neutral positive negator neutral ; _ ; neutral neutral neutral to off-tank raids becaus positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral / adds - -
lol that positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive that the neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral xd ( neutral positive , dnc neutral neutral _anything_ aggro-related neutral means someth has neutral intensifier hnegative )
neutral neutral ; neutral positive negator hnegative to neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier hnegative neutral with neutral negative of neutral >_> .
that sounds positive neutral neutral .
neutral negative they neutral that the rdm neutral hardcasting verthunder/veraero/other casts neutral their non-dualcasts , which positive positive . the negative neutral positive that they neutral the rdm neutral intensifier clicking hnegative their dualcast neutral neutral neutral , which would neutral positive neutral , and neutral positive .
you neutral neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . that positive intensifier horrifying and hnegative that the instacast neutral neutral positive hnegative to how hnegative inducing that positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral snowcloak neutral they positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral the neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral positive hpositive diminisher intensifier negative rdm negator neutral positive what negative neutral for ?
neutral logs neutral for neutral , you neutral neutral when dualcast positive positive neutral their neutral neutral for negative , and unless you neutral neutral neutral hnegative , you neutral neutral the neutral and negative when neutral hits the neutral . intensifier positive , you **can** neutral when and what they neutral neutral .
neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive remembered . thi smn neutral walked into the neutral neutral dure adds neutral positive knockbacked into neutral . and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you , that shit *hurts*
neutral and neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral thi ffxi neutral and neutral neutral negator positive neutral
stb positive positive neutral . neutral wanna neutral neutral to hsw and neutral neutral neutral
neutral , positive . the neutral neutral you negative neutral neutral neutral positive when your neutral neutral positive positive neutral numbers intensifier you neutral neutral , neutral respawned teammates neutral you and neutral the neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral . neutral . ( neutral negative to neutral neutral the ew neutral quests . ) intensifier whenev neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive positive neutral neutral for neutral . intensifier than neutral neutral negator positive neutral my hpositive neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral . if neutral mentors neutral negator hpositive , neutral would neutral for those and hpositive them positive neutral ? it'd hpositive neutral hnegative neutral ( neutral of unsynching neutral ) unless neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral df . neutral that neutral it'd neutral hpositive to prog neutral negative neutral . the intensifier positive positive that positive neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral quicker , hnegative negator everyon reads neutral watches guides neutral playing hnegative games . mmos negative neutral thi neutral exceptions , negator neutral neutral to positive how neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral from neutral and neutral you negator hpositive neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to positive . neutral neutral positive neutral positive the positive neutral to neutral them , neutral if neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
hnegative , offline neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of achievements neutral neutral . and my negative neutral requires that . neutral neutral neutral neutral resorting to real-life tasks . neutral " tasks " diminisher consisted of neutral neutral neutral books neutral neutral positive putting hnegative .
depends neutral the neutral . pre-sb-ish should neutral neutral neutral negative neutral becaus neutral loved their ultra-wide neutral aoe 's . shb and neutral , neutral bosses positive the neutral and should neutral neutral .
you hpositive neutral hpositive neutral positive if neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral positive having positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral of positive . sinc neutral neutral negative rp synced negative neutral neutral neutral neutral with , neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative if ilevel affects neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral intensifier with neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what positive you needed to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive diminisher neutral for synced negative duties neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral potd negative , neutral neutral positive my neutral neutral positive neutral into the positive floors becaus hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral files . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive when neutral neutral to neutral dungeons , hnegative my neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral managed to neutral to neutral neutral myself neutral neutral neutral they asked neutral how the negative neutral they neutral neutral our positive fc neutral . neutral neutral them that we positive neutral neutral mini hoh positive , and the positive neutral from floors of hoh , and neutral neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral . they positive diminisher neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative them neutral and positive neutral . their neutral neutral when neutral of them neutral positive to neutral neutral hnegative from neutral of neutral neutral neutral we wiped neutral they dropped the positive to hoh positive neutral neutral neutral . eo the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my aetherpool positive negator positive neutral to neutral neutral positive . when eo neutral neutral , they positive diminisher motivated to neutral neutral until we managed to neutral neutral to neutral the allagans positive negator intensifier neutral neutral positive and they neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator until we positive positive positive to neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral , neutral we neutral hard-stuck neutral positive to everyon neutral everyth neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral my aetherpool neutral neutral spamming queues neutral rdm intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier positive and neutral positive neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral floors . neutral neutral neutral neutral potd and neutral gonna neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral and neutral hpositive breaks neutral floors . neutral to bumrush neutral neutral floors , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral hnegative from neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral that neutral . hpositive neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative frustrated having to neutral neutral these hoops when neutral should neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
the hnegative neutral of neutral neutral / hnegative and neutral neutral neutral has neutral . neutral positive , everyth positive glammed negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive caramelldansen and when you neutral " neutral neutral neutral " hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral replying with " neutral " . neutral the hnegative hpositive diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral " that neutral of the dogecoin curency " neutral of , you hpositive , neutral . intensifier neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral what internet neutral we neutral neutral atm , seems to neutral neutral . neutral neutral should neutral neutral my neutral icq neutral and neutral for positive messages neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral multistop
zoomers neutral tiktok
the positive of negative seconds internet neutral positive neutral neutral !
neutral neutral .
you hpositive thi positive the hnegative neutral , neutral ? neutral *really* neutral with you , neutral . if those positive positive reasons to neutral the neutral neutral , the neutral neutral would negator neutral class-restricted ; neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral and negative , neutral neutral positive hpositive negative " neutral negative neutral " neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral positive has neutral diminisher opportunities for wipes , neutral from the hpositive " oops , diminisher than players neutral that positive and everyon gets teleported to neutral neutral " neutral the atomos to the rarer wipes to the neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral ( positive neutral meteors neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral giants and clueless neutral positive neutral the hnegative would neutral negative ) . if you negative the hpositive snoozefest , you neutral neutral syrcus neutral - intensifier the neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral positive amon , and with neutral clueless frogs and / neutral intensifier placed neutral , that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral everyth neutral dies neutral you neutral to neutral anyth positive negative . multistop and positive you neutral neutral of the wod runs where negator knows what they neutral neutral and positive that neutral the neutral *can* neutral hnegative neutral .
hpositive neutral negative to neutral them to neutral neutral if you neutral , neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive asking for neutral neutral / neutral to lb the negative and neutral neutral of the neutral . / neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive / neutral lb neutral thi negative negative ? positive neutral you neutral !
aha , neutral neutral neutral unsyncing neutral neutral would _not_ negative to neutral to neutral that hnegative synced and neutral for neutral . neutral neutral !
til her neutral neutral shows her neutral equipped neutral and neutral neutral neutral that neutral multistop intensifier neutral hpositive . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral for positive to neutral neutral if neutral neutral to reappli neutral positive . neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral to hpositive that neutral , neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral positive positive the hpositive things neutral neutral when figuring neutral how to hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral that neutral of neutral diminisher negative neutral hnegative neutral . neutral hpositive thi neutral intensifier neutral where my neutral decides " nah im hpositive " and planks . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral that teaches you these neutral neutral . positive that should neutral neutral ? nope , neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral . - neutral neutral you . if my neutral negator negative *this* neutral im hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral .
huh , til . neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral them .
neutral positive absoloutly neutral , neutral to neutral my neutral skills / abilities and positive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of my neutral positive neutral hpositive for neutral . neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral queued for rouls you hpositive to neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral the lowest negative neutral 's negative . negator hnegative of that , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral at-my-level dungeons intensifier neutral than positive positive hpositive . fwiw neutral scavean neutral positive intensifier *fine* for malikah 's neutral . diminisher neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral of negator neutral neutral ilvl neutral dungeons neutral you neutral neutral ilvls neutral neutral . those neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive hnegative , my neutral . neutral they positive afk / rezzed and intensifier positive neutral the neutral neutral , and they positive the negative which neutral neutral overlapping neutral dc
neutral the neutral from the neutral with the neutral neutral neutral rocks and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier hnegative syrcus neutral positive the neutral neutral that intensifier applies neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative aoe + negative positive gonna neutral neutral
neutral neutral ! that makes positive . ( neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral them neutral positive syrcus neutral and that neutral negator neutral to neutral ; neutral negative they neutral neutral intensifier neutral shb / ew neutral raids ? )
and positive you neutral neutral positive and you negative the stacks neutral positive the flares neutral neutral the negative ( the neutral neutral ) becaus frick neutral , we neutral mit .
neutral those neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral missed neutral neutral positive neutral , positive neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral them .
neutral :
that makes positive multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral multistop neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive
thi positive positive . blizz into blizz neutral positive to neutral blm negative intensifier neutral could neutral neutral neutral , negative , neutral hpositive iv . neutral blizz hurts the neutral . : neutral
moogle neutral negative should neutral intensifier neutral wings neutral neutral ?
how neutral you hpositive they positive neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral they neutral the neutral for neutral negator the neutral for positive neutral intensifier . that neutral negator hpositive positive !
neutral " neutral nin neutral neutral neutral neutral ffxi multiexclamation " neutral neutral positive neutral negator ( neutral neutral roles positive became neutral neutral ) neutral hpositive has neutral neutral that neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral .
hey neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dps ! neutral neutral neutral ! lookit - neutral . neutral neutral the aggro positive neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive ( that neutral neutral intensifier neutral with ) neutral orbonne ( neutral neutral my fc 's smn ) for the neutral neutral . we neutral neutral diminisher hpositive players that managed to negator neutral . things hnegative neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! ) " hpositive neutral neutral neutral with smn " they neutral neutral picking neutral bodies
neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral until neutral neutral to yuh'tunga and neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral to the negative .
you neutral negator . positive hpositive positive to neutral neutral neutral for positive and hpositive becaus neutral positive negator neutral you neutral neutral to positive neutral pulls . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for hpositive extremes , neutral neutral positive positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral tries to neutral that neutral neutral neutral , neutral my neutral ( i'm negator hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral smn neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral diminisher caipirinha videos neutral , that positive neutral with genshin neutral , intensifier positive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of things neutral neutral , positive someome 's neutral travelling neutral the streams .
*snaaaaaake*
if neutral positive negator negative arr neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to negative your neutral positive hpositive and positive to neutral neutral . neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive negator the neutral of the neutral . we neutral negative neutral dungeons neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier positive negative " neutral negative neutral " neutral if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral of the neutral and the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral someth ( neutral positive negator neutral what ) neutral my brd and neutral asked neutral the neutral if neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral becaus they wanted neutral for hpositive . neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive which neutral of neutral they positive asked neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral passed neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral that dropped . if they positive negator asked positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral gc seals and desynth levels .
neutral neutral 's you neutral negative the neutral gigachad statues
yup . negator intensifier neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to - the neutral 's neutral shb neutral negative ) . neutral positive *infamous* for neutral hpositive to pvp neutral the neutral boss… neutral neutral gets neutral neutral negative , and if you neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral . neutral your neutral negative hpositive neutral , and… neutral ! neutral neutral hpositive wiped neutral neutral !
positive . if they neutral negator stacked positive , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral becaus the neutral finishes positive . when neutral neutral intensifier of the neutral dies to neutral , neutral makes negative neutral xd
neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral " positive negator the neutral " neutral neutral vs " positive negator *in* the neutral " .
negator , neutral positive implied that , neutral would neutral neutral reappy neutral neutral to neutral your neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . positive the neutral neutral neutral .
positive ! neutral the neutral wars meme : 'the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ! ' - - 'the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral ? '
hahaha ! neutral neutral neutral neutral orbonne and neutral neutral negator neutral someth that neutral rez , neutral neutral reaaaaaaallly positive .
neutral neutral what you neutral describing positive what neutral should neutral neutral negative hpositive hpositive , neutral thi negator neutral the neutral neutral the years neutral played , neutral neutral introducing pf . neutral the intensifier neutral neutral my datacenter ( negative ) . neutral noticed neutral neutral pf for negative neutral neutral fights , negator the hnegative neutral neutral , intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive .
that + neutral neutral sprouts neutral to neutral neutral what neutral means to negative .
snaaaaaake
neutral neutral neutral you thi : neutral would neutral neutral hpositive " neutral " neutral positive if you neutral neutral neutral ? whether you neutral neutral neutral neutral negator , you neutral neutral desynth neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral " neutral neutral " if you neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral would with the dps neutral . neutral negative neutral , if the neutral matches your neutral , you neutral neutral *choice* neutral neutral and negative . what positive the hnegative to you neutral that neutral ? neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral / negative neutral if neutral positive negator respected neutral for " i'll neutral neutral , " which positive and neutral has positive the neutral from " negative . "
neutral neutral . lets neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral negative
neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral aether dc , and neutral neutral dcs neutral positive hpositive to neutral anyth neutral and hpositive neutral pf for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral jp dcs neutral positive neutral to prog neutral pf and neutral clears neutral df .
neutral positive positive passed neutral for you ? timezones neutral negative neutral , what positive the neutral positive
what ? neutral positive neutral
neutral , we neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral having neutral neutral
neutral neutral until neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral weeks neutral , so… neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier positive neutral positive neutral
neutral you from the neutral neutral someth ? neutral positive hnegative , positive negator neutral ?
neutral . neutral . neutral . the neutral you neutral thi with has neutral neutral
they neutral neutral emails for thi promo when neutral started neutral neutral , the neutral lasts until neutral . if you neutral hpositive you neutral neutral for neutral for hours . the neutral starts when you login for the neutral neutral . the neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral positive announced neutral neutral they neutral neutral re-posting neutral .
diminisher neutral neutral hnegative , neutral you okay neutral ?
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral they started neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of their neutral etc intensifier you neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive that you neutral midgardsormyr . neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral him .
ooh neutral neutral , neutral positive your neutral ! neutral neutral neutral the details neutral the neutral .
neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! gotta neutral neutral for neutral neutral and multistop the negative neutral neutral ! they neutral negator intensifier neutral , neutral neutral details ! you neutral my positive positive neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral to to neutral neutral negative shoulder-pet neutral
negator negative _common , _ intensifier looked positive upon . neutral positive negative neutral blacklist , and if neutral positive intensifier hnegative ( neutral . pl disbands ; neutral hnegative neutral of the neutral / neutral neutral neutral to the neutral of the neutral , and neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral of them neutral neutral circles . someth neutral neutral started adopting from the jp dcs positive neutral " neutral kills " neutral my pf . everyon 's neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi hnegative negative of kills , and positive we neutral neutral that negative if neutral of the neutral wants to neutral the neutral . would negator neutral 'em , neutral neutral helps to neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral , and neutral neutral negator positive shitty if neutral manages to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral _agreed_ positive , vs . neutral when they neutral " positive neutral " ( which neutral neutral perceived neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . negator neutral neutral pf that says " neutral neutral neutral of neutral " - that positive neutral hpositive of ditching neutral the positive / friends neutral their whistles .
neutral positive the " neutral positive neutral , fuck you , neutral " neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral groups that positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral . those positive positive . neutral if we positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral . hnegative , neutral , if you neutral neutral pf neutral neutral with to neutral neutral from the neutral , 'order of joining' neutral the likes ? negative neutral .
intensifier joined neutral neutral neutral where the neutral neutral called " griefingway " . neutral neutral neutral hpositive needed neutral totems to hpositive the neutral . the neutral dropped . neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral . positive positive
neutral positive neutral neutral for intensifier kills neutral neutral positive the positive . neutral positive hpositive hpositive hpositive . lootmasters , neutral neutral of neutral , neutral and neutral , neutral intensifier hnegative pf dealings . neutral positive ffa , neutral neutral and hpositive others neutral diminisher if you neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive you neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral for neutral diminisher intensifier runs neutral you neutral your neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral expected to neutral until everyon gets neutral . disbanding the neutral neutral of neutral positive intensifier shitty
neutral neutral positive that neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral for intensifier pulls , hpositive negator to neutral positive negative asshole neutral neutral you neutral what you wanted . disbanding neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral would neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral everyon for their hpositive and positive positive neutral positive neutral sinc you gotta neutral .
neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral pf neutral for positive , clears . intensifier neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for the clears which positive negator neutral positive hpositive , than neutral for the neutral clears if they negative . thi neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive they neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral until intensifier neutral neutral mounts and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
becaus diminisher neutral neutral positive babies .
having neutral neutral negative when they neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral looks hnegative and positive diminisher hnegative neutral neutral the rules of the neutral they positive the neutral hpositive neutral everyon neutral to neutral neutral , and that positive hpositive how they neutral to neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mins neutral . if neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral negative fc neutral of neutral and neutral you and neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive negator thaaat positive of neutral neutral , intensifier neutral they positive jerks . neutral , positive , neutral hpositive parties neutral scams and if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the df , neutral neutral and neutral if they negative .
neutral positive intensifier neutral . noting you neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral blacklist them
thi positive neutral you neutral negator neutral lootmaster runs
disbanding neutral neutral positive neutral mega asshole neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral asshole neutral . neutral neutral positive staying neutral neutral for neutral negative intensifier runs neutral the intensifier neutral , if negator diminisher intensifier neutral drops . and if you neutral amd neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral
lootmaster parties neutral scams neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral using neutral for their neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral until neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral their neutral . neutral the neutral positive hnegative neutral , neutral disbanding positive neutral hnegative .
neutral depends neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative anyon for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral for neutral diminisher intensifier runs , neutral neutral negator hpositive them and for neutral neutral hpositive they hnegative neutral farmed the neutral for runs and neutral neutral negative neutral and hpositive negative to negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive that intensifier unless they positive someth positive what you neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negative they neutral neutral neutral the neutral and if they neutral negator neutral positive hpositive negative hpositive positive .
neutral positive neutral of reasons neutral neutral neutral farms neutral neutral neutral of how neutral runs they neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi the hnegative neutral when neutral opened neutral pf neutral rathalos neutral for the neutral neutral : neutral opened neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral " neutral until everyon gets neutral " . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral to hpositive neutral joiners neutral neutral intensifier until neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral 'x negative of runs' . neutral neutral neutral neutral runs neutral neutral when neutral neutral needed neutral neutral negative mounts neutral when they ain't neutral neutral neutral negative of runs they neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral when they positive neutral they walked neutral neutral others . neutral positive intensifier negative and hnegative when they negative someth neutral and hpositive neutral the neutral of hnegative 's neutral .
they neutral neutral intensifier that you neutral blacklist them and hnegative their parties neutral the neutral , and positive them from neutral your . neutral neutral farmed neutral the shb and ew neutral mounts neutral pf for the neutral neutral expansions and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral blacklisted neutral the neutral that farms the neutral things with them .
the neutral positive the neutral and disbanded . neutral negator neutral neutral to positive intensifier .
neutral positive neutral diminisher dickish . hpositive neutral diminisher , positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral negator positive . neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral premade , positive they should neutral neutral neutral thanked the randoms for neutral and neutral . neutral my neutral , hpositive dictates the neutral neutral for neutral runs neutral neutral the neutral , unless the neutral neutral positive neutral .
that positive neutral blacklist for neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of the mounts , neutral dropped neutral , and we neutral neutral becaus hnegative ppl needed neutral . neutral neutral neutral everyon the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that positive how everyon should neutral neutral , neutral ppl should neutral negative of runs neutral neutral positive if others neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive the hpositive neutral to neutral .
whenev neutral neutral pf neutral farms neutral neutral with the neutral until neutral disbands neutral everyon gets the neutral . neutral neutral neutral tsukiyomi and seiryu for hours neutral neutral the neutral . neutral for the neutral fights . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral , could that neutral positive neutral positive neutral ? they neutral misrepresented themselv and what they wanted .
diminisher neutral neutral hpositive assholes and neutral negator qualms neutral hpositive neutral 's neutral .
neutral they negator neutral the neutral of runs ? if they positive runs positive that positive what should neutral followed hnegative if the neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral those neutral runs.everyone positive neutral for negative neutral hpositive
that positive diminisher intensifier hnegative neutral they showed you ( and the hnegative pf members ) . neutral neutral neutral wins the neutral neutral neutral for hnegative neutral runs neutral neutral , hpositive neutral hpositive . " neutral neutral " positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral means that the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral possibile , neutral replacing neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral to neutral becaus they positive the neutral .
unless you neutral negative neutral upon neutral of kills , expecting neutral to neutral positive hnegative . if neutral negative to neutral the neutral for neutral of them , and they neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral , if their neutral diminisher gets neutral , neutral would they neutral for the positive ? the positive neutral positive neutral neutral . you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral they . neutral becaus they neutral neutral they obligated to neutral ? neutral 's positive you neutral until neutral neutral drops , you neutral negator positive neutral , and you neutral to neutral neutral . positive that neutral neutral neutral ? neutral you neutral you neutral negator positive neutral neutral hnegative , neutral for diminisher neutral neutral hpositive and negative means you neutral neutral obligated to neutral to positive peoples hnegative that you positive hpositive ? neutral becaus they neutral they positive neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral takes positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral drops neutral kills . positive you positive negator neutral negative neutral positive until hours neutral . neutral you neutral them to neutral neutral for neutral those hours until the neutral neutral drops ? that mofo hpositive negator neutral positive negative , neutral ? if you negative neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral , neutral that neutral your pf . if they neutral negator neutral the positive neutral becaus they positive what they negative neutral ( positive to hours for neutral ) , positive that positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral their pf , hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral until they neutral their neutral and neutral .
hpositive neutral with your fc . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral hnegative positive neutral for neutral runs . neutral pf neutral negator expectations . negator positive synced neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral if they neutral negator neutral the positive . you positive positive neutral the neutral neutral pf neutral for replacements and negator neutral neutral . neutral if everybodi positive neutral and negator neutral the neutral and neutral negative positive neutral positive and you positive neutral negative of neutral neutral negator . neutral , if neutral says they neutral hpositive for neutral sth multistop neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral positive . negator intensifier hnegative them that they negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral thi assumes they neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral gets the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive bailing neutral negative becaus they neutral negator they neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral starts neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive hnegative positive neutral neutral . blacklist them and neutral neutral . neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral hnegative runs neutral myself neutral neutral unless neutral positive positive called neutral " thi positive my neutral neutral " neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . negator everyon neutral that , neutral intensifier neutral everyon neutral neutral with seems to neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral and neutral , and neutral looked positive upon and positive neutral you blacklisted . neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive " i'll neutral neutral for intensifier fights " neutral positive neutral the neutral positive positive playing for neutral neutral neutral and neutral you joined dure the neutral negative of fights they planned to neutral .
neutral takes hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral for hours to neutral everybodi loots . neutral neutral dreaming
neutral and scoooot
positive , that positive intensifier hnegative . neutral positive positive the hpositive neutral to neutral if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral for yourself positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they positive what they wanted and neutral intensifier entitled to neutral should they hpositive . neutral positive negator positive to neutral .
neutral positive thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral pf neutral groups , neutral neutral the comments neutral neutral must've hpositive positive diminisher hnegative neutral becaus of neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive that neutral for years . that neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher intensifier negative groups where everyon neutral neutral the neutral and everyon positive their neutral !
neutral you positive the rubicante totems neutral ?
negative for thi to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and scooting neutral negative neutral neutral positive intensifier negative . the chances that the neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral that neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative if they neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral gets the neutral and neutral
neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral bullshit positive neutral neutral neutral fuck that neutral ( and positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive hnegative ) and when neutral neutral hpositive disbands that neutral when neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive the neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral hpositive intensifier clears neutral neutral neutral and if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive what neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for themselv and neutral negator intensifier hnegative positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral positive positive to hpositive neutral neutral that positive positive dedicated to neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral lives and negator neutral neutral intensifier than positive negative neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive thi , neutral positive blacklist the neutral neutral and hpositive negative neutral .
neutral parties neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher expansions , hpositive neutral neutral neutral farmed intensifier hpositive with guildmates . if you neutral positive for guivres , hpositive hnegative everyon neutral neutral and neutral hpositive to neutral for neutral diminisher clears , negator neutral neutral controlled parties .
neutral positive hpositive neutral negator neutral positive , intensifier to neutral . ffxiv has neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral of hpositive , and thi neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral of hpositive . neutral neutral negator negative that neutral positive neutral negator against the rules if neutral gets you neutral hpositive for neutral neutral neutral , and neutral blacklisted neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you . neutral you positive , my neutral neutral has positive that neutral folks neutral neutral , neutral ( neutral hnegative ) positive someth neutral they neutral .
someth positive happened to neutral positive of neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher runs , positive neutral neutral neutral negative for intensifier . positive kicked neutral of the neutral with neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator positive the positive positive .
when neutral neutral neutral neutral groups , neutral neutral neutral the neutral of expected runs ( positive ) to neutral neutral with the neutral neutral if neutral neutral my neutral . everyon knows what to neutral if things neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral if they neutral their neutral , negator everyon wants to neutral someth they neutral negator neutral anyth from anymore . hpositive positive negator neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher the neutral neutral of messages into neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral negative to negative neutral neutral ) : neutral irritates neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral groups positive for the neutral ( intensifier neutral the neutral of patches neutral ) would neutral their neutral neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral everyth neutral if the neutral of the neutral has negator multistop neutral hnegative runs . positive , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral the spoils ( neutral drops , neutral coffers ) for fuck 's neutral . thi positive intensifier neutral to neutral than neutral neutral neutral groups when they positive what they wanted . / positive
neutral neutral neutral & neutral positive intensifier duper intensifier negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral , neutral the neutral sucked and the neutral neutral negator negative to positive anyth neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral negator neutral one-off neutral , neutral positive intensifier positive . neutral of farms with negative asshole positive that , the neutral positive to neutral the neutral until everybodi neutral wants the neutral has neutral , neutral we positive negative neutral upon neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral tries to neutral for neutral hpositive neutral neutral if they positive the neutral , your neutral seemed positive negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral atleast hpositive neutral neutral positive the neutral if neutral neutral negator positive the neutral negative neutral neutral staying positive neutral neutral neutral drops neutral
that positive diminisher neutral hnegative neutral the neutral and neutral neutral which neutral neutral negative . neutral seems to neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral hpositive neutral and neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that unless neutral neutral neutral thi positive my neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral into the neutral and positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becuase neutral needed them to positive intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative with intensifier runs . the hnegative positive neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral of the positive mounts neutral that negative neutral intensifier .
the neutral neutral neutral blacklisted intensifier neutral neutral those positive that , and those neutral neutral negator neutral the pf neutral 's conditions ( positive neutral neutral until everyon gets the neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral gets the neutral they neutral )
neutral happens , neutral sorta neutral my shoulders neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral groups where everyon neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral their neutral that neutral balances neutral the neutral neutral where what you described happens .
thi positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral parties neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative multistop neutral you neutral hpositive when you positive you positive neutral for negative pulls and you neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral positive that . disbanding negative neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral blacklist
" neutral neutral neutral of neutral " positive the weirdest neutral neutral . neutral would anybodi neutral negative neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ? you could hpositive neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher tokens intensifier neutral neutral positive they could hpositive neutral neutral " neutral " neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral " i'm neutral for negative neutral positive neutral " neutral someth neutral positive neutral we neutral started . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral and has neutral neutral neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral has to positive and neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator , positive neutral we neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive , neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral would neutral that intensifier neutral pf , neutral sets neutral hpositive neutral and if the neutral positive hpositive and wants to neutral neutral you neutral hpositive intensifier positive you neutral . " neutral neutral " positive negative and positive , hnegative neutral if neutral positive the neutral and neutral positive neutral expac neutral neutral negator negative to positive negative neutral neutral the neutral ( i'm hnegative of the neutral neutral feelings the neutral ) . neutral the pf neutral for runs neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative and if neutral gets the positive they neutral negator neutral to neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to positive positive negative asshole for neutral , they hpositive neutral for the neutral and positive neutral positive neutral you neutral
hey , thi positive neutral to neutral intensifier negative neutral , what neutral blacklists ? positive neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral you would negator neutral with neutral multistop positive neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral .txt files of names they hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral hpositive to neutral positive parties , positive neutral intensifier if everyon wants . that neutral we neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral clears .
if the pf neutral negator neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral to neutral things positive intensifier clears dor neutral " for hpositive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative to positive and neutral , neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral the announced neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral to positive hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral negative ) positive negative neutral positive neutral to neutral things neutral neutral surprised neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral hnegative dcs .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral tbh
neutral positive neutral neutral , where everyon positive positive the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive , neutral negator expecting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dure stormblood , positive joined neutral thordan neutral neutral . neutral negator positive anyth neutral neutral everyon the neutral , hpositive someth they neutral to neutral becaus they wanted to , the positive neutral neutral started the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative positive to neutral , they neutral neutral diminisher intensifier friends to negative that positive neutral , intensifier they could hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral pf neutral neutral neutral , sinc neutral joined ffxiv mid-sb , neutral neutral nov intensifier neutral neutral diminisher positive negative
neutral neutral , neutral that neutral you negator intensifier neutral negative positive
neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral until everyon positive neutral . negator neutral becaus of rl neutral neutral cases , neutral positive planning to neutral neutral neutral runs positive hnegative af .
*some neutral neutral diminisher of the nicest neutral neutral pf neutral neutral with positive neutral
that positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative if neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral my positive positive dwindling . if neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral that positive hpositive what happened .
" neutral of neutral " neutral neutral , positive diminisher positive neutral negative unless neutral positive neutral unsync neutral . neutral lootmaster gil neutral parties for neutral mounts and neutral neutral neutral neutral legit . neutral neutral neutral hosted ( neutral neutral , neutral paid others gil neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral via lootmaster ) and participated ( neutral neutral , neutral neutral paid gil neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral via lootmaster ) and neutral neutral neutral you neutral the hnegative neutral and neutral neutral screenshot of the pf , the neutral 's neutral , and negative neutral , and neutral positive timestamps intensifier the gm neutral neutral neutral neutral logs neutral their neutral , neutral positive negative hpositive neutral to gms if they neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral paid gil for neutral and rubicante mounts via lootmaster , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral coffers , and neutral neutral neutral joined hnegative neutral 's gil for lootmaster parties neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral scams positive .
neutral neutral positive creating neutral lootmaster , hpositive becaus neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . intensifier of neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral . hnegative hpositive neutral neutral gil neutral for the neutral positive neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral pf neutral negator neutral starte negative of runs , neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral neutral negative to neutral that , for diminisher neutral , americans neutral negator neutral thi . neutral sets neutral neutral neutral and positive when neutral wins they neutral negator hpositive ( neutral ) negative neutral .
neutral ops neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral of spots positive neutral neutral pf for neutral neutral neutral . that means neutral showed neutral with the neutral of neutral runs of neutral whistles , and positive the neutral neutral hpositive kicked everyon neutral neutral they positive their . neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral someth they positive negator neutral to neutral . the neutral if of neutral neutral has positive mentioned neutral yourself and others : neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative mentioned neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral and planning neutral disbanding neutral neutral you neutral your , positive you should neutral neutral that neutral neutral . of neutral negator neutral that , becaus negator neutral would neutral that neutral . becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral .
the hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that if you neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral everyon to neutral until everyon neutral their mounts . hnegative , if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral / / neutral negative neutral their pf positive becaus they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , which means they neutral neutral to hnegative when they neutral neutral to neutral . if neutral positive " neutral for neutral " and they neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral , they warned . neutral insta-leaving ( and intensifier insta-disbanding ) neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth positive hpositive neutral neutral mov .
the neutral neutral minutes . neutral neutral neutral stormblood neutral with neutral neutral of neutral , negator neutral which . we neutral neutral hpositive and positive they disbanded , and neutral hpositive they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral joined ( neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ) sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral to neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral negative with negator fc feelsbadman
thi positive *a* neutral , neutral negator *the* neutral . negator everyon has neutral wants to neutral neutral negative positive fc , intensifier neutral neutral neutral of neutral negator " hpositive neutral with their fc "
thi positive the hpositive neutral . neutral groups diminisher to negator neutral everyon the positive . and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . if the neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator obligated , positive neutral " neutral " groups neutral " i've cleared neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral positive .
neutral neutral which neutral ? that positive someth that intensifier varies neutral neutral the neutral and what that neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral mentioned neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral stormblood positive , and neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral positive positive negator the neutral for neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral runs . negator stormblood positive takes minutes to positive .
hpositive
neutral positive neutral neutral positive . they hpositive you neutral the neutral , you hpositive them . neutral if neutral positive negator staying neutral everyon positive neutral , negative neutral , neutral neutral disbanding positive neutral looked positive neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral rewards neutral moogle tomes neutral . neutral mounts neutral neutral .
becaus they neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral positive believes neutral would neutral to their neutral neutral negative online neutral with negator consequences to neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral *totally* negator negative from experience…not neutral all…\*cough*
neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral for my fc and anyon positive to neutral . sinc neutral of neutral positive the mounts neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral parties would neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral positive neutral neutral everyon positive neutral . hw neutral farms could neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral , everyon positive their neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , with diminisher neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral lasted hours with neutral leats mounts droped .
what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral called dkp neutral " neutral neutral points " whoever positive the neutral totems positive their mounts neutral . if their totems positive neutral neutral , they positive negative neutral and would neutral their from the totems neutral , and if neutral neutral the neutral totems . neutral positive neutral myself neutral to neutral neutral intensifier that others positive ensured their . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral thi for neutral neutral positive and neutral positive negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of neutral positive our mounts neutral totems and drops negative intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral positive . negative neutral gotta neutral your neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive if they neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral where neutral lootmaster parties positive neutral pf . and neutral , hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral the neutral and neutral their friends their mounts neutral disbanding and neutral into the neutral .
neutral the negative neutral of your neutral you neutral those neutral tabs neutral ? neutral of them positive socials > contacts , and you positive neutral your neutral positive neutral members . neutral neutral the neutral and neutral blacklist . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral you positive negator neutral their pf anymore and they negator neutral your , neutral neutral positive instances you neutral positive matched positive if neutral hates you . negative neutral positive that you positive negator neutral their negative , and they negator neutral you / tells
what neutral positive you neutral ? becaus neutral neutral neutral pf positive neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral everyon hw mounts from neutral positive
positive , if neutral neutral positive " i'm hpositive neutral to neutral totems neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral , " and the neutral drops and neutral gets neutral multistop neutral neutral , neutral positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . unless neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral to neutral neutral would neutral neutral than runs to neutral those totems multistop
thi would neutral intensifier neutral for neutral , neutral extremes , where the neutral takes neutral negative minutes and the neutral drops neutral diminisher kills neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive you neutral of neutral neutral extremes and neutral negator you neutral negator neutral mounts neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
if you neutral positive neutral runs you neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , moreso if neutral fuck neutral / neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral ( becaus my neutral positive shit neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral ) neutral if neutral positive negator the neutral neutral ( which neutral negator positive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral increased neutral ) neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral hpositive extremes you neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral runs neutral needed neutral negator neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral everyon positive neutral neutral those positive ezclap ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral runs negator positive neutral )
neutral neutral neutral okay if ppl neutral , when they neutral you positive . we neutral killed neutral positive , everyon neutral their positive and neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher diminisher luckier than neutral . " neutral until everyon positive neutral " neutral neutral for neutral when hpositive increases with neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive positive rng , intensifier if you neutral negator positive afk , you hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negative runs positive neutral hpositive )
negator hnegative neutral neutral , you neutral discounting how neutral runs they neutral positive neutral positive , if you neutral clears neutral you negator neutral them to neutral for intensifier , you neutral negator playing with machines .
negator intensifier . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral runs neutral . intensifier runs neutral . runs neutral . neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral intensifier runs . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negator neutral the neutral that neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral hnegative things to neutral . neutral would neutral my neutral neutral neutral , neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , if you gotta neutral , positive you gotta neutral . staying for neutral diminisher intensifier runs positive positive the hpositive . ( and if neutral neutral , and neutral you neutral neutral to neutral for neutral to negative neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative . negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral pf neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher intensifier runs neutral you neutral )
positive neutral positive neutral until intensifier neutral neutral their mounts , neutral that negator neutral if neutral neutral weeknight and neutral neutral to neutral neutral for neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral intensifier runs unless the neutral positive hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral to positive and the neutral positive neutral for neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral
neutral neutral neutral rathalos neutral with diminisher neutral weeks neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral hours neutral hours until everyon positive thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral from neutral neutral neutral positive to rl circumstances neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
positive neutral . hang neutral neutral .
ahh okay , neutral if neutral negative to neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral pf and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral they neutral neutral they would neutral neutral pf and neutral my pf neutral . neutral neutral diminisher friends positive thi negative !
what ? neutral thi neutral im neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral
neutral negator neutral spots , neutral neutral neutral neutral those neutral friends and positive neutral and negative neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative cuz they could neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive if neutral neutral negative ew neutral neutral someth neutral positive positive how negative neutral would neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . whenev neutral has neutral intensifier neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral their neutral . they neutral obligations and neutral neutral expectations neutral what has positive neutral . if negator has positive neutral , you neutral the hpositive for negative neutral has to neutral when they negator neutral neutral neutral . when neutral neutral neutral neutral parties neutral neutral arr and neutral positive neutral dure neutral neutral neutral , they would negative neutral . and hpositive neutral them , becaus they neutral negator to neutral to neutral positive , they neutral negator neutral for my neutral neutral anyon neutral . the neutral we neutral positive positive becaus we neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . they neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator . neutral positive neutral , they positive negator . if neutral neutral neutral neutral that pf wanted to neutral the neutral for the neutral neutral created neutral neutral op , positive the neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral would've positive neutral neutral . they neutral negator neutral lootmaster , hnegative neutral positive neutral passed neutral the neutral . the pf neutral could hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral " positive " neutral . what friends neutral for friends positive their neutral , and they " negative " neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive than positive to neutral the neutral . they neutral neutral neutral , neutral they positive negative neutral hpositive to neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive the hnegative randoms positive their hpositive to neutral the neutral to the pf neutral . to neutral neutral to neutral for your neutral positive positive . negator neutral owes anyon shit , and anyth neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , negator negative neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral the positive positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral if you neutral negator neutral to positive , neutral neutral negator hnegative to neutral intensifier for neutral diminisher intensifier runs if you neutral . if you negator neutral , neutral positive nicer to hpositive positive that you negator and neutral them for the runs neutral neutral neutral . if you positive neutral positive you neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral to neutral for neutral . anyon neutral disagrees positive negator " hnegative " neutral " obligated " of neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral things if they neutral someth neutral of neutral positive negator intensifier neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral smurfing neutral unsync neutral
negator neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral positive consequences neutral ! neutral neutral the tos neutral neutral neutral agreements , and if you neutral neutral you neutral neutral into neutral shit , to the neutral of neutral your neutral / neutral / neutral deleted from your neutral if you neutral reported
hey , neutral neutral neutral to their neutral , neutral neutral those neutral of groups . neutral neutral , neutral neutral would neutral them .
the neutral of " positive neutral , cya " neutral negator neutral neutral neutral consequences , neutral positive negative to the neutral pf neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral followed thi , you positive positive intensifier neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral pf to neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral for pulls , gets neutral , and runs . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral runs neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral everyon elses' neutral ; neutral neutral they positive diminisher totems .
adding to what negative neutral neutral , if you neutral neutral that neutral , neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral blacklisting you , neutral they neutral neutral , and you positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral parties and / neutral neutral to neutral your neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral and neutral neutral and neutral peeps . negator neutral asks neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral you neutral for neutral neutral negative intensifier pulls ( neutral neutral the lenght of neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to to intensifier ) , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral . and of neutral , if you positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral you positive your neutral and intensifier neutral to neutral becaus of irl , neutral positive positive . if neutral neutral neutral you to to pulls to neutral the neutral , negator intensifier neutral .
positive my neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral where neutral excedingly hnegative to neutral the positive the neutral you neutral . with the hnegative neutral of groups everyon has the neutral hpositive .
neutral when neutral started , neutral started neutral neutral louisoix , neutral moved to spriggan when that opened neutral , neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral moved neutral from neutral negative .
neutral negative neutral depends neutral what neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher and the neutral neutral of runs intensifier neutral sits positive hours would neutral neutral neutral neutral for , neutral neutral , whistles to positive .
>i neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . whenev neutral has neutral intensifier neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral their neutral . they neutral obligations and neutral neutral expectations neutral what has positive neutral . if negator has positive neutral , you neutral the hpositive for negative neutral has to neutral when they negator neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral your rights to neutral someth and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negator hnegative neutral you neutral these neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral positive . neutral positive negator positive neutral looked positive neutral . and neutral positive to blacklisting .
positive if you neutral and neutral , neutral neutral to neutral blacklisted .
^ thi , neutral the tfdf neutral from neutral diminisher weeks neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral refused to neutral neutral and positive neutral rmt neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ?
negator to thi neutral . those pfs neutral mounts neutral neutral of neutral , neutral they sneakily neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral until everyon gets neutral neutral . what neutral translates to positive that the neutral gets neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral , positive neutral positive neutral and they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral pf neutral farms neutral neutral for neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral promised neutral pf adverts negative neutral that positive that mounts neutral to neutral doled neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral *not* that the neutral positive neutral neutral until everyon that joined gets neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral positive hpositive of neutral neutral neutral becaus if they planned to neutral the neutral neutral until everyon has neutral they would negator neutral stipulations positive that to neutral with .
intensifier hpositive neutral neutral that positive years neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral joined neutral hw neutral neutral for zurvan neutral sephirot neutral someth . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral until everyon positive neutral . diminisher positive neutral positive neutral , positive the neutral positive neutral , everyon neutral negative for the neutral neutral , and positive the neutral hpositive disbands the neutral with negator neutral . to thi neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral negative of fem negative neutral to becaus of that neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive that !
that positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral ! neutral thi happened when neutral neutral negator hpositive how reporting neutral , neutral .
neutral what you positive positive hpositive , neutral positive negator that neutral . hpositive becaus neutral neutral happens to neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral , that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral joined neutral than neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral and rejoined , neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth , neutral the neutral positive neutral considers neutral neutral to neutral joined earlier than neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral to them , negator neutral the tos states neutral neutral positive owed neutral neutral from the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral them . neutral , positive the neutral neutral someth that intensifier , hpositive happens , and positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral which the neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral " where neutral positive negator neutral neutral / neutral / etc neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral for neutral neutral to hpositive , positive thi neutral would negator neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral to the gms that the neutral occurred to neutral with .
hnegative neutral hw and sb neutral neutral to neutral and neutral the birds . neutral joined neutral pf for neutral where to positive neutral that you neutral the neutral neutral the neutral you joined . diminisher neutral neutral the neutral positive positive neutral and hpositive wanted to hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . we neutral neutral runs . neutral neutral dropped intensifier neutral , neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . and positive the neutral disbanded . negator neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negative pf , neutral positive , neutral diminisher neutral neutral . we neutral neutral intensifier of runs , neutral neutral their mounts , and neutral neutral positive my neutral to neutral the neutral the neutral disbands neutral neutral dropped . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher weeks , positive neutral positive negative pf , neutral with the neutral positive . runs neutral neutral cleared , mounts neutral neutral dropped , my neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and…the neutral disbands . neutral these years neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral negative .
neutral positive negator neutral that they positive negator neutral to their words , neutral positive that neutral neutral that you positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral for , you positive negator neutral neutral to hpositive the positive of neutral hpositive . neutral the sb mounts for neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral kills , intensifier that positive kills to neutral everyon positive . that positive neutral hours . negator gonna neutral .
hours positive negative neutral full-time neutral neutral 's neutral of neutral the neutral . if you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hours of neutral positive hpositive ( and neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral ) , neutral the neutral to you , neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral jobs , neutral , neutral , etc . neutral positive negator neutral neutral which that positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pf . neutral positive neutral neutral the totems neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral lasts for negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral hpositive and neutral the neutral , if negator neutral neutral you neutral diminisher totems you neutral *eventually* neutral for neutral neutral ( unless neutral positive neutral full-on neutral neutral positive you hpositive neutral negator neutral for neutral hours ) .
if neutral neutral neutral to positive hours neutral playing the neutral , neutral positive negator neutral to neutral to spam the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral mounts . neutral would negator neutral neutral that to neutral *myself* that neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral for positive strangers neutral pf . neutral the neutral neutral with my fc positive neutral neutral positive hours , and neutral *like* the neutral neutral my fc . negative , when we neutral neutral exs for mounts , we negative neutral to runs of neutral neutral neutral and positive we neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative of if neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier that we neutral negator hnegative ourselv neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral ends neutral neutral negative neutral . thi positive pf , negator your neutral . you neutral neutral when you neutral to negative neutral neutral your neutral .
neutral , that positive neutral negative of hnegative if the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator . which everyon positive allowed . and my hnegative positive that the neutral bitching neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral videogame becaus they neutral neutral when you neutral negator positive the hnegative positive dickhead . my positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral you neutral responding to . neutral positive negator neutral what positive positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral asshole positive everyon gotta neutral neutral for their neutral positive and neutral neutral hpositive neutral their neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral . to neutral , neutral explained neutral neutral ( if you could readnegative neutral what you neutral and neutral neutral having cleared the neutral and positive neutral positive negator neutral dickhead neutral . they neutral negator lootmaster neutral . they neutral when they positive what they wanted , negator neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral anyth . they neutral neutral , them staying neutral negator negative to them anymore , neutral neutral to neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral staying neutral they neutral negator positive to neutral intensifier . if you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for negator staying positive you neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral you their neutral , neutral you neutral negative asshole . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you what - - negative and neutral neutral to neutral someth for you positive negative . negator neutral neutral what they neutral . everyon positive negative neutral hpositive and they neutral when they positive hpositive .
neutral negator . what neutral hnegative . blacklisted neutral randoms neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . negative horrors .
positive neutral neutral ? that sounds positive neutral positive positive .
the neutral that wanted the clears neutral negative neutral negator them uploading fflogs ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative . negator neutral
multistop if you neutral neutral neutral , neutral would hpositive hpositive you with that neutral . that neutral positive intensifier neutral soloable these neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , these neutral of parties neutral intensifier neutral - - diminisher neutral the positive ones , neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive rng positive neutral with neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral , and neutral positive would negator positive neutral positive negative neutral . my neutral neutral neutral that neutral could neutral hpositive that neutral and diminisher neutral hpositive that hpositive and diminisher neutral negator . negator neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral negative positive hnegative intensifier neutral depends neutral whether neutral thinks hours of neutral for whistles positive “ hpositive ” positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator hnegative neutral the neutral neutral intensifier disliked .
which positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral things for diminisher . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral grinds becaus neutral positive negative neutral neutral .
you neutral negative neutral , neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive becaus when you neutral neutral neutral neutral , you hpositive hnegative neutral negative to positive , intensifier you neutral neutral the neutral that has the neutral that neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative drops . you neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral , neutral the neutral of the playerbase positive . > to neutral neutral to neutral for your neutral positive positive you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral , if you insta-leave when you positive positive you intensifier showed that you expected the neutral to neutral hpositive for your neutral and that they neutral fuck hnegative neutral . neutral if you neutral neutral neutral dropped to neutral , you neutral neutral them to neutral for you , neutral you neutral neutral them to neutral for the neutral neutral . we neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator has the neutral to neutral for everyon to neutral , intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral we neutral thi neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive for everyon . your neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral when you neutral neutral neutral you hpositive how neutral neutral you neutral negative , and you neutral neutral positive neutral of how neutral runs you positive neutral . the neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral totems neutral ( neutral that neutral the neutral neutral when we dropped neutral neutral of
positive if you neutral neutral your ingame info intensifier you neutral neutral neutral neutral the headaches and we neutral blacklist you neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral you anyth to negator neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral intensifier proud of neutral ?
neutral lol
neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral , neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral .
yep multiexclamation
> negator hnegative neutral the neutral neutral intensifier disliked . neutral neutral negator downvote you neutral anyth neutral if you positive your neutral to " neutral hpositive depends how you hpositive neutral " neutral positive hpositive and neutral negator hpositive anyth . positive hnegative , if neutral thinks raiding for neutral hours positive hpositive , that positive their neutral . the neutral you replied to neutral neutral pf norms , intensifier neutral diminisher negative you positive neutral someth neutral pf norms negative . > neutral , negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral that you negator hpositive neutral hpositive hours hpositive that neutral neutral would neutral neutral ( anyth neutral neutral positive neutral , positive neutral positive positive neutral for neutral ) . you neutral neutral neutral what you negative , neutral if you neutral neutral someth neutral neutral " neutral neutral negative neutral " and you neutral neutral could neutral neutral to hours , your friends neutral gonna neutral intensifier neutral . > negator neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral negative positive hnegative neutral positive neutral your negative *is* hnegative , and neutral diminisher neutral diminisher . neutral neutral negator negative to my neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral 's neutral neutral . neutral the positive rates : the neutral negative positive neutral positive rates neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral thi negative positive hnegative , lmk , neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral with neutral neutral 's observations . if you neutral neutral with the neutral neutral the neutral neutral , that puts the neutral of neutral mounts neutral clears neutral neutral negative neutral which means that the neutral neutral where negator neutral has the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral runs ( positive everyon neutral neutral hpositive with totems ) . neutral the positive neutral : runs would neutral neutral hours if you neutral neutral clears negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral minutes ( with positive minutes of neutral neutral allowed ) . that positive neutral than the fastest neutral neutral kills of neutral neutral positive and and *way* neutral than the neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral diminisher neutral minutes for neutral ) . neutral if we neutral negative neutral neutral extremes that we outgear , the neutral positive positive neutral neutral minutes for and neutral neutral neutral neutral where everyon positive playing intensifier neutral and neutral neutral negator negative neutral mistakes ( which neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral mistakes , neutral for neutral hardcore neutral ) , kills negative neutral seems *far* intensifier likely—and that positive neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral with neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral mistakes and neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral kills negative neutral , than you positive neutral clears neutral hours , and neutral hpositive of having positive drops ( that 's neutral neutral negative , you neutral clears . neutral clears , neutral positive neutral hpositive of the neutral having positive drops ( neutral climbs neutral neutral clears , if you neutral negative ) . granted , these neutral hpositive neutral than positive cactpot , neutral neutral would negator positive neutral negative negative neutral neutral them . neutral neutral neutral that your *personal* chances of neutral the neutral neutral clears neutral hpositive ( neutral neutral , you neutral neutral to positive *one* positive , and neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral ) . neutral the neutral neutral of messages positive neutral neutral neutral until *everyone* gets the neutral .
negator . neutral positive negator your neutral they waited for , that positive what you neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral hpositive positive . that positive what you neutral neutral . you neutral for neutral hpositive positive , neutral your positive , and neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral for you , everyon neutral neutral for neutral . if you neutral negator neutral neutral , you neutral , if you neutral , what positive hnegative with neutral ? you neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive for your positive , everyon positive negative neutral hpositive . neutral neutral everyones hpositive . when you neutral , the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negator neutral to neutral hpositive becaus you positive hpositive . if neutral disbands , positive neutral ops neutral , and they positive " the neutral of the neutral positive my friends neutral to neutral neutral for neutral " positive that positive that . neutral positive negative . they neutral neutral for neutral to neutral the neutral for the positive . and the positive positive neutral hpositive for the neutral . they neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator lootmastered . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . that means that everyon neutral that neutral would've neutral neutral for their positive , and would negator neutral hnegative if the positive positive their neutral . hnegative neutral negative the positive . you positive neutral , you neutral , neutral positive . neutral intensifier , neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive they positive negator neutral the neutral if you positive the neutral . and you neutral negator obligated to neutral with the neutral hpositive to hpositive hnegative they neutral their . that positive negator neutral dickmove . neutral neutral positive neutral expects others to neutral for them .
okay .
intensifier neutral missed the neutral neutral positive
that positive neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive runs neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral farms and basing how neutral runs needed to neutral using totems to neutral neutral of how neutral runs . the neutral neutral replied to neutral that newer ones would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral . neutral neutral that could neutral neutral takes hours . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral negative negative that neutral seems to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral that neutral that could neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher would negator . neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral they positive positive neutral would neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral “ neutral neutral whistles ” positive positive neutral how neutral that could neutral vs “ neutral hours . ” if neutral positive neutral positive hours neutral my neutral , neutral they neutral , “ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative neutral my neutral seems to neutral positive hours to neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral runs positive neutral positive and if takes positive neutral could intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral than hours , neutral which neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral waited for " my " neutral neutral . if that positive what you neutral neutral from what neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral that from neutral the years you neutral to neutral positive playing ( sinc you mentioned arr neutral neutral ) , you neutral negator neutral anyth neutral the neutral hpositive of ffxiv ( that neutral you neutral playing neutral neutral neutral with neutral shitty neutral positive neutral ) . neutral hpositive reddit positive neutral negator neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral the negative neutral the comments positive intensifier neutral the negative of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pf neutral these years . positive they positive neutral neutral the neutral if they neutral , positive you neutral hnegative leavers , neutral negator , that neutral negator hpositive neutral negator neutral dickmove . and you neutral to negator neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral : neutral positive negator " neutral neutral expecting others to neutral for them " , neutral positive " everyon expecting to neutral for everyon " . thi positive negator hnegative , thi positive neutral . hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral positive for neutral neutral , neutral what you negative , and dips neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral
neutral positive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral " my " neutral neutral that neutral neutral owed neutral neutral becaus neutral joined neutral pf . neutral hpositive hpositive neutral hnegative to neutral someth and positive neutral when you neutral what you negative negator neutral that positive your neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive negative neutral hpositive pf experiences where we neutral for neutral diminisher hours neutral trials ) and positive , and that positive negator the neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier positive if you neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral you negative neutral the neutral cuz you neutral neutral to neutral neutral that happens !
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral explained neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive . you neutral intensifier negator neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . you neutral neutral neutral neutral that has the neutral neutral , neutral positive you neutral everyon neutral neutral of . neutral neutral neutral they helped you , you hpositive them . with neutral neutral positive . positive neutral communities neutral if the pf positive negative neutral neutral . neutral positive my " pf neutral " : neutral negator neutral pfs , if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher from linkshells neutral fc neutral my raidteam . neutral negative neutral the neutral with neutral pf of my neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive when everyon has joined neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of what the neutral of the neutral positive . the rules neutral neutral we positive , everyon has neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral anyon hnegative neutral for neutral neutral everyon has neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral . when neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator , they neutral neutral to neutral . exceptions neutral when neutral neutral into negative replacements neutral which neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral until we positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher treated neutral neutral , and if neutral gets the horsie , negative , neutral , neutral , neutral , positive they neutral neutral to neutral whenev they negative and we hpositive neutral positive . they neutral neutral to neutral whenev positive , neutral neutral hpositive neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral . becaus neutral positive neutral neutral , my neutral positive hpositive to hpositive neutral and neutral neutral . if they neutral , neutral hpositive intensifier neutral and neutral neutral . negator hnegative neutral , negator neutral positive neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral . my neutral with pf the neutral years neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral . has neutral positive neutral ? negator . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . becaus neutral neutral negator hnegative expectations that should negator neutral neutral . becaus the pf positive negator diminisher neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive of individuals that wants to neutral neutral and pf positive neutral of the intensifier diminisher neutral to neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral , you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . clears positive positive negative neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral when you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral positive . intensifier neutral neutral their neutral and neutral neutral positive negative . if you negative neutral neutral neutral your commitments and hpositive you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral positive hpositive and expectations neutral neutral others when we neutral neutral positive , becaus we neutral negator hpositive randos .
neutral you neutral neutral ?
positive , neutral positive positive diminisher hnegative my blacklist to hpositive thi neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive wtf you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of your comments . how positive neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral annoyed that the pf neutral disbanded neutral runs ? they neutral negator neutral the neutral , they intensifier disbanded neutral intensifier the neutral of neutral could negator neutral . neutral the to of them positive friends , the hnegative joined via pf . neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral , neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral . neutral positive neutral for neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral to intensifier runs neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral places to neutral , neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral disbanding intensifier we neutral neutral neutral ‍️
negative hrothgar negator neutral positive positive - hnegative hpositive we neutral neutral neutral
yup . neutral aggro positive the hnegative aggro . neutral neutral .
when positive thi neutral neutral neutral to the neutral ?
we neutral positive the laptop gamer neutral neutral positive neutral
mikote neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral for miqo'te and hrothgar neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral of sastasha to hpositive neutral that neutral neutral
what the negative they hpositive neutral neutral ditched their au neutral positive
that positive diminisher neutral negator neutral , negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral , hpositive the hnegative neutral and neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
gotta hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive someth positive anytime negative for positive players .
hpositive bunboys neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
ohhhh neutral neutral neutral neutral positive boi neutral neutral the neutral neutral asap hnegative of what the vid positive
thi positive neutral hpositive that terribad " neutral neutral " neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral hpositive than the kr neutral neutral becaus thi neutral positive neutral with hnegative in-game neutral .
hpositive how they neutral from neutral del neutral neutral to neutral lol
neutral positive the au neutral flipped the viera the negative when neutral arrived ! xd
negator lala spamming the " wah ! " neutral neutral ? hnegative neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive everyon neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral , until neutral neutral positive negator positive they positive neutral positive races . neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative .
negator crafting neutral and neutral neutral - neutral hpositive negative :
neutral they using gshade multiexclamation multiquestion
neutral neutral neutral putting neutral neutral viera neutral neutral of neutral neutral negative of hpositive would neutral neutral neutral to neutral playing the neutral if neutral positive negator positive
hnegative , neutral neutral neutral wins neutral
neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ul'dah neutral the neutral ? hpositive neutral , neutral horns ? looks positive neutral positive neutral intensifier friends .
neutral neutral positive that neutral positive that neutral to crafting neutral neutral neutral of neutral dailies . neutral
neutral neutral positive hpositive negator online that neutral
fantasia'd into neutral miqote , neutral .
neutral they hpositive neutral neutral what the au'ra neutral neutral negative multistop
neutral neutral banned .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral accompanying them neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher multistop from sastasha to snowcloak , intensifier neutral intensifier neutral diminisher lol .
neutral neutral gonna positive neutral positive thi hpositive neutral negative neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative and neutral neutral thi feelings intensifier positive neutral neutral edited . and the neutral neutral neutral has negative neutral " neutral you neutral gettin' neutral neutral " neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier with the neutral , positive that neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral newbie via negative neutral .
they neutral positive neutral the " neutral neutral " ads sinc arr .
neutral the gods , negator . ^ ( neutral hnegative neutral they neutral the lala neutral neutral positive which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . )
neutral , they hpositive positive neutral neutral to neutral the positive moments . ffxiv neutral neutral depends negative neutral neutral neutral and climates .
neutral positive positive thi positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral ads neutral neutral neutral . they neutral negator neutral to overhype everyth and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral when the bunboy returns neutral neutral neutral neutral and helps the neutral .
neutral neutral . would neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive , for hnegative .
neutral their neutral shoes the sprouts neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral sastasha .
negator says louisoix positive " neutral neutral , neutral , positive ! "
neutral neutral negator hpositive that ! positive for neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral that positive intensifier terribad : neutral
neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive to positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative my shaders / neutral from gshade to reshade , neutral played for neutral diminisher weeks with neutral neutral adjusted from ( negative ) , positive to to hpositive neutral diminisher neutral . thi neutral neutral of messages neutral shows the hnegative with neutral negative of screenshots : neutral comments neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher intensifier negative for hnegative neutral characters neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral darker negative , neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral positive , the neutral negative neutral , which they mentioned positive neutral neutral ones , hnegative hpositive with that
and with neutral neutral that positive positive neutral languages . neutral neutral the neutral and you neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral .
yeahhhh neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive when they neutral that neutral .
neutral you for sharing ! yep , they neutral negator neutral negative neutral to hpositive the ffxiv looks positive neutral " neutral " neutral multistop neutral neutral and diminisher hpositive textures neutral neutral hpositive neutral . to neutral positive neutral would positive to neutral hpositive hairs and neutral negative . diminisher armors and neutral models neutral negative and neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral how neutral aliasing we neutral neutral our neutral lol
positive , and neutral neutral neutral models , which they neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . you neutral neutral esp with hpositive races and hairstyles for hnegative .
neutral negator neutral neutral reshaders becaus my neutral neutral diminisher presets neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral changes neutral textures neutral resolutions they neutral neutral the looks of games intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral manages to neutral settings with the neutral neutral negative , becaus when discussing thi with neutral neutral they neutral the neutral neutral via the desktop app of their neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if thi positive negator someth neutral positive neutral monitors / neutral cards neutral neutral ? intensifier neutral neutral to positive the neutral looks negative / hnegative / negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral they neutral to neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral " neutral multistop / neutral multiexclamation " images . when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral diminisher clicks . neutral neutral negator tech-savvy neutral to positive neutral , neutral my neutral positive hpositive and neutral unless neutral neutral neutral neutral that makes neutral neutral negative .
neutral monitors has hpositive neutral tweaking settings for hnegative . the hnegative positive : neutral if you neutral neutral / neutral / neutral , you neutral neutral diminisher neutral resolutions neutral armors , neutral and neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral with neutral tweaks you neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher intensifier . thi neutral for neutral : if you neutral neutral , you positive neutral what neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral of ffxiv positive hpositive with positive neutral details that neutral with the neutral ( neutral , neutral , etc multistop ) they positive to neutral someth neutral intensifier of hpositive users of nvidia cards has diminisher hpositive options to neutral negative negative multistop positive neutral built-in reshade / gshade .
neutral looks positive that neutral my neutral for hnegative and diminisher neutral negative mounds neutral intensifier pixelated neutral positive . intensifier reshading changes that to hpositive positive , positive that the hnegative ? neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for my neutral neutral ( geforce ) app and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive games and neutral seems neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral flipped neutral the neutral presets to hpositive hnegative neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative and they neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral diminisher intensifier neutral diminisher of them . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral af . neutral played everquest neutral their neutral neutral when neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral negative of neutral positive tubes . and negative sinc they positive positive the neutral servers , intensifier neutral neutral they upgraded . neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive pleased . xd
my neutral mmo neutral neutral neutral neutral played neutral diminisher of everquest , neutral , rf , neutral , positive and neutral , neutral multistop neutral neutral positive pleased negative ! hnegative , those games positive neutral neutral positive positive positive . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral neutral ( neutral and places ) sharing the neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral ( neutral , neutral ) , makes neutral neutral : neutral we hpositive multistop you hpositive ? neutral everyth positive positive ? haha
haha , mmo neutral timers neutral ! =d hmm , neutral neutral to neutral from neutral neutral neutral the neutral that they positive issues with positive neutral neutral to neutral resources and intensifier neutral neutral neutral that everyth neutral neutral positive allotted \ to neutral with and negator intensifier , to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . and neutral positive hpositive neutral that neutral to neutral things positive . positive to neutral positive neutral , the neutral of ffxiv positive intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive qol negator neutral implemented becaus positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of cards positive . what we neutral neutral neutral neutral that the neutral neutral positive positive to neutral negator returning to the dumpster hpositive of hnegative . neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier sinc neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive that ffxiv brings neutral the neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive neutral negative neutral for programming . positive neutral to the neutral neutral intensifier neutral my monitor/graphic neutral positive neutral neutral for my neutral positive . and neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negator talked neutral intensifier ? neutral , negator tech-savvy neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral feelings positive neutral seems intensifier overlooked .
gwalter could neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral if neutral intensifier wanted to .
neutral you ! negative neutral to mgp . : negative
**before asking for hpositive hpositive positive below** * neutral neutral slots neutral neutral neutral off-hand * neutral that neutral non-hint slots neutral neutral . * neutral that neutral rings neutral neutral * when using neutral hpositive hnegative neutral positive neutral the positive neutral slots * neutral your neutral names to hpositive hnegative they neutral positive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral * glamouring items counts for the neutral slots and dyes * if you neutral neutral having issues , hpositive neutral neutral screenshot of your results neutral from the hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive for neutral to hpositive troubleshoot your positive #**what positive the neutral neutral ? ** the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral mini-game neutral the neutral neutral with the npc the hnegative neutral to neutral mgp and items to neutral from negative npc negative neutral hpositive , and neutral items . for the mini-game the hnegative neutral gives neutral hints for players to neutral the results to . the positive neutral , positive neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral slots positive neutral you intensifier points . you neutral mgp for neutral and positive neutral you positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral mgp positive . for achieving the negative neutral of you positive neutral negative neutral which gives you the neutral " neutral neutral " . neutral , the npc neutral to the hnegative neutral called kasumi positive neutral neutral hpositive and hnegative items neutral her neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative of points neutral neutral neutral you neutral . neutral you neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative , you neutral neutral positive to neutral per neutral for the neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral weeks of the neutral neutral .
the neutral chocobo neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral
lol positive for thi . neutral tora kabuto positive negative positive neutral . neutral negative neutral the neutral ( gil ? ) neutral negative .
negative . neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral positive 's bliaud ? neutral neutral the ones from the neutral flames / neutral neutral neutral ?
fyi : kabuto of the neutral neutral negator neutral
neutral bliaud neutral negator neutral negative
neutral chocobo neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral .
the hpositive neutral negative neutral pts positive neutral proceeded to neutral neutral neutral myself until neutral neutral neutral of attempts negative
neutral you for neutral these reports neutral
neutral you for thi multiexclamation
hnegative neutral from msq **do not** neutral neutral that : * positive neutral ( neutral 's neutral ) * to positive dyes ( neutral negative ) * neutral of neutral neutral ( neutral negative ) positive neutral neutral you
neutral neutral ~~redolent~~ *masked* neutral positive positive neutral diminisher kickbacks .
neutral neutral neutral you to these , to hpositive the hnegative diminisher neutral ?
neutral you positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral the suggestions positive neutral the neutral that you neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . hpositive having anyth neutral neutral neutral gives you diminisher points
neutral positive my negative neutral and missle , neutral gimme my negative nier neutral negative
we neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral delay+potency neutral neutral .
hoping we neutral the " cutscene hpositive " > ! where emet neutral the neutral . ! <
- optimised neutral ( neutral , neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to self-destruct , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral cooldown and negator hnegative . - quintuplecast ( neutral of neutral ) . neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral of positive for blu , and neutral would hpositive the neutral neutral hpositive to positive . - negative neutral ( neutral of neutral ) . the hpositive neutral , neutral gives blu groups the hpositive to positive neutral the lb bars they neutral . - hnegative neutral ( neutral ) . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral abilities , neutral thi has neutral neutral neutral and neutral seems positive neutral would neutral positive multiexclamation - hpositive neutral ( neutral ) . thi has neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral skills negative . - spell-in-waiting negative positive neutral of modifying spells sinc blu neutral negator intensifier neutral anyth positive that neutral buffs . - neutral thi could hpositive neutral aetherial neutral neutral neutral targets enemies and lets you neutral diminisher of their skills .
if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations memoria misera gets neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral exists for the neutral and the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would hpositive intensifier neutral negative to positive neutral . hpositive sinc varis uses neutral gunblade for that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from that .
neutral neutral . negator neutral positive needed .
neutral negative the “ neutral neutral ” from the nier negative
neutral neutral positive neutral : neutral would neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral negative negative to surpanakha .
negative neutral from neutral neutral neutral the lbs neutral neutral mimicries neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral gobskin neutral neutral players . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral = neutral neutral dps would neutral intensifier neutral . neutral : my hnegative meme dps lb positive neutral neutral neutral = neutral neutral
sos seems the neutral positive . neutral neutral mages neutral to the negative neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral mimickry .
intensifier neutral we neutral hpositive positive the neutral " neutral negative " , which locks positive vauthry . neutral positive neutral neutral spells the options neutral seemed to neutral : neutral neutral ( thi neutral vauthry ) negative neutral ( someth from neutral ) neutral ( neutral neutral neutral wol : elidibus ) hnegative than that my positive positive intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral anyth intensifier positive , neutral ff neutral that we neutral neutral shadowbringers ?
neutral neutral the neutral neutral from neutral negator neutral if neutral neutral neutral cutscene becaus neutral negative neutral .
neutral positive neutral negative if we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral from the hobgoblins neutral kholusia . neutral hpositive they neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral , neutral dammit , we positive missed neutral from neutral and brayflox hnegative . matoya 's negative could neutral someth from neutral negative of bosses , positive the geysers neutral mudballs . neutral neutral we positive neutral someth from neutral neutral neutral of the neutral lightwardens , negative – my neutral 's neutral storg 's aoes . the neutral neutral neutral positive skills from dohn mheg positive neutral for blu . neutral neutral diminisher intensifier *bizarre* spells from the neutral trials , positive neutral the magnetized bombs neutral the cross-shaped neutral attacks from neutral . neutral could neutral diminisher hpositive neutral skills . the neutral neutral bosses from neutral multistop neutral negator neutral hnegative . letting neutral neutral negative neutral from neutral neutral *sounds* hpositive neutral neutral multistop until you positive neutral the lbs neutral uses neutral dps options . neutral negator uses neutral neutral neutral neutral lb , intensifier aetherial mimickry would negator neutral . hpositive the neutral neutral lb neutral has positive negative mage 's and they *probably* positive negator neutral neutral neutral that .
the neutral from holminster neutral and neutral neutral from neutral negative would neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral mage neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive godbert 's positive neutral
neutral neutral expecting spells that positive neutral neutral neutral negative , with neutral negative that neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral of the positive . neutral diminisher that neutral neutral and negative hnegative to neutral spells , where you hpositive using the hpositive spells neutral the newer ones .

fuck neutral , neutral positive neutral .
imma positive we neutral to spells from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral aoe neutral neutral and neutral with neutral neutral , neutral gonna neutral neutral and hpositive elements neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral positive the neutral spells negative would neutral neutral the neutral neutral from neutral neutral . negative neutral updated versions from the neutral negative primals that gonna neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral and neutral gonna hpositive the hpositive ones hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you cowards !
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral , neutral intensifier negative neutral mage to neutral neutral est from neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier neutral if they positive neutral and gunbreaker neutral negator neutral positive wheels from neutral the neutral neutral positive summoning neutral positive blu-exclusive neutral neutral neutral neutral from everyon 's positive positive the cubus . neutral neutral negator hpositive what attacks neutral positive neutral ingame . hpositive neutral positive > ! the emet-selch neutral ! < neutral negative
negative ideas that'll negator neutral from diminisher of the neutral dungeons : # malikah 's neutral hnegative : the neutral neutral of your neutral neutral positive increased neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . your neutral neutral triggers negative neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral : deals neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of you , with neutral neutral of for the neutral neutral , and diminisher for neutral enemies neutral the neutral . neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . enemies positive neutral that neutral neutral hnegative to neutral negative ( intensifier for negative negative , neutral spinny positive neutral neutral ) neutral neutral : neutral neutral negative to enemies neutral you , and neutral them neutral # holminster neutral neutral : positive to neutral , neutral unaspected negative to neutral and diminisher to neutral enemies you neutral neutral neutral the neutral fevered neutral : positive to neutral , neutral unaspected negative . applies , and benefits from , surpanakha 's hnegative . shares charges with surpanakha neutral neutral : neutral neutral negative to enemies neutral your neutral . hpositive neutral changes to neutral neutral upon neutral ( negator points for negative what that neutral neutral ) # dohn mheg neutral neutral : neutral enemies neutral neutral of you into toads , preventing them from neutral neutral actions # the qitana neutral neutral neutral : your neutral neutral deals neutral hpositive negative neutral to of the neutral negative neutral deals negative negative : places neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral to enemies neutral neutral
neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral diminisher positive neutral / hnegative spells for hnegative positive and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative the neutral damaging spells to neutral intensifier negative than the ones we positive neutral . we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neverending blu boogaloo . neutral negative blu to positive positive neutral positive neutral stronger spells neutral we negative neutral , negator hpositive neutral glamored neutral that hits hpositive neutral hnegative neutral the intensifier arr spells .
looks positive the sb additions positive neutral neutral of skills ( of which neutral to neutral from negative / trials ) , intensifier neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral with hpositive that negative overworld neutral neutral neutral if dps neutral , hits hpositive neutral hnegative ( neutral : neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral ) if your hp % positive negative than the neutral 's hp% . thi makes neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral fillers if you neutral negative than the neutral , neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral negative negative if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( idk the neutral ) , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , applies neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral makes your neutral positive 'your neutral positive ruining my immersion' and hnegative hnegative things positive the gremlins neutral ) neutral tricks ( neutral hpositive to neutral , neutral neutral neutral into neutral leafman , positive positive negative 'instant death' neutral positive and intensifier raidbosses neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral enemies neutral neutral . negator positive how you positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral with neutral urianger 's neutral neutral il mheg ) sabotendance ( negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral yourself , applies negative ) neutral neutral ( ? negative the neutral clionids neutral hnegative neutral when they neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative to neutral and grants you 'enlarged' for neutral you neutral x% intensifier negative dungeons aethersup ( holminsternegative neutral neutral for ticks neutral per neutral neutral flamethrower for mch . deals neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral , and restores mp per neutral neutral neutral ( qitananegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to negative neutral thi neutral , neutral hpositive intensifier positive hnegative thi with neutral neutral neutral ( malikahnegative neutral aoe neutral , if neutral positive neutral the neutral where the neutral 'lines' of the neutral neutral , neutral hits neutral ( positive rdm lb neutral pvp ) vauthry 's neutral ( mt.gulgnegative neutral of your circle-shaped attacks ( neutral neutral yourself positive neutral 's neutral , and neutral neutral positive choco neutral ) neutral negative neutral neutral aoe neutral them , positive the neutral neutral of the neutral , for neutral seconds . neutral aoe neutral moves neutral neutral x% negative neutral the neutral positive positive ( neutral incentivize using neutral hpositive neutral for your neutral ) swish-swish-a-roo ( neutral cosmosnegative neutral neutral puddles neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of you , and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral aoe when neutral reaches neutral neutral neutral negative ( idk the hnegative neutral , heroes gauntletnegative builds stacks of 'a diminisher berserk' for neutral neutral you neutral . upon neutral stacks , you neutral intensifier negative , negative you to autoattack the closest neutral for neutral boosted negative ( negative thi neutral with the neutral of neutral neutral would neutral you to neutral neutral autoattack negative dure your neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of neutral positive to hnegative things , could neutral positive ) neutral neutral ( matoya 's relictnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral shukuchi , negative to that neutral , neutral neutral negative to enemies neutral neutral their neutral from that neutral . neutral . raids and trials that hpositive neutral we positive teased hpositive neutral ( neutral 's neutral tb ) neutral neutral ( positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral ) neutral neutral neutral : delays neutral negative neutral for seconds , neutral the neutral of the neutral 's neutral , neutral plays neutral the negative , neutral buffs into positive neutral the neutral of neutral ( intensifier neutral positive positive to neutral your raidbuffs neutral diminisher , intensifier you neutral neutral intensifier neutral into them with thi ) negative negative ( lightnegative neutral aoe neutral neutral of neutral , places neutral aoe neutral neutral enemies neutral which detonates neutral for followup negative positive 's negative neutral for the meme : positive neutral , shares cd with j-kick neutral hpositive tb neutral neutral positive callednegative st neutral of ravana positive hpositive , shares charges with ravana neutral ranks ( neutral neutral 's neutral armynegative neutral neutral aoes neutral the neutral the blu positive neutral , that hpositive neutral hpositive and becaus it'd neutral neutral neutral neutral negator to , someth from sos , negator neutral of the summonings neutral lbs neutral they neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral 'imbues the neutral positive with negative element' which triggers neutral the neutral physical-type neutral you neutral and someth from neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral what positive neutral neutral neutral , the mirrors would neutral negative neutral they neutral neutral neutral iirc . neutral : the mirrors neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral , which duplicates the neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier negator neutral nightbloom positive ) , positive neutral ends neutral someth . it'd neutral neutral to neutral neutral duplicated j-kick , would the neutral j-kick to the neutral
aoe neutral with neutral neutral falloff lol
sinc neutral negator neutral negative the intensifier wings from that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of amdapor ( neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the hnegative neutral ? the neutral that makes neutral positive of your neutral ) , neutral negative the wings from neutral . intensifier neutral neutral positive they hnegative hpositive the neutral / neutral neutral ? neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral with positive fae-king neutral wings , neutral neutral of you , neutral multiexclamation neutral : neutral positive neutral positive the hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of garlean soldiers to neutral neutral my enemies , from neutral
my negative says neutral neutral , neutral my neutral says negative neutral from amaurot neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hoping for " to the negative " from neutral of neutral intensifier we neutral negative neutral
neutral - they could positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral . ascians neutral positive hording these neutral neutral spells neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral . neutral repeats the neutral gcd you neutral . neutral - optimized neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral lb memoria neutral - neutral hpositive we neutral negator neutral extremes anymore . neutral neutral neutral negator negative thi neutral to neutral , and the magitek gunshield neutral the neutral of neutral to seems positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral lb . neutral of neutral - neutral neutral . the negative lb . neutral neutral negative thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative lb neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral lb ) , intensifier neutral if they wanna hpositive neutral neutral diminisher positive you neutral to hnegative the neutral into neutral neutral if you negative to neutral neutral . they could neutral neutral someth positive neutral the neutral hnegative to neutral lb blu spells until neutral the neutral " to the negative " neutral - neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to the neutral from neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral with waves of neutral donut aoes neutral to the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier . neutral they hnegative neutral tertiu neutral est . neutral aoe hits positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher slower . neutral - neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral positive positive the neutral neutral has negator intensifier mechs of neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that positive positive hnegative permutations neutral neutral how the neutral and neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gcd . neutral to - spell-in-waiting positive negative neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive how you neutral thi neutral . neutral - intensifier neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral becaus neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral players neutral neutral to neutral from the hnegative positive fights . neutral neutral neutral of negative hnegative neutral intensifier for the neutral memes . neutral neutral cases , neutral positive neutral the enemies neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral - positive neutral ? hnegative negative into neutral judgement negative ? neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral - hands of neutral . and positive , neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral to the aetherial neutral . you should positive negator substitutes . neutral - uhh idk . hnegative negative ? neutral neutral murdered neutral the birds neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral of those would hpositive neutral hpositive positive lb . neutral - neutral neutral negator hpositive how you neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative . intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral - neutral neutral neutral negative . positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral thi positive the positive lb . neutral - positive neutral negative neutral we could positive neutral what they hnegative neutral . neutral neutral positive negator , intensifier we negator . neutral . neutral - neutral neutral of neutral ? neutral the neutral hnegative makes positive neutral negative negative lb ? thi neutral has positive neutral positive attacks , neutral raidwide and neutral tankbuster ( which positive itself hpositive neutral of neutral , neutral ) . neutral - neutral neutral negator positive . neutral tankbuster that hits neutral ? neutral positive positive the junctions neutral hnegative neutral neutral they positive neutral to neutral neutral into someth intensifier hnegative . negator neutral neutral for neutral multistop
neutral neutral hoping we neutral neutral positive that lets blu neutral the lb neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral for neutral neutral .
diablo neutral 's schizo neutral neutral would neutral hpositive .
that looks positive neutral negative . positive neutral neutral that if we positive neutral shb spells , that neutral would neutral neutral neutral . neutral what neutral negative positive neutral neutral from neutral of neutral . neutral positive negator neutral , we positive neutral neutral someth positive eldragon negative neutral if we neutral neutral anyth from that neutral , neutral hey neutral neutral itd neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral from nier . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral negative negative hpositive positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral
hpositive marx hpositive .
neutral neutral negative positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral that neutral the lightsteeped neutral neutral .
neutral negative bc neutral neutral the badass positive emmy neutral neutral
shockwave pulsar neutral positive
negative neutral hpositive to intensifier neutral hnegative the haters .
neutral from hnegative neutral , and neutral neutral hpositive from the neutral negative would neutral hpositive .
we hpositive neutral neutral hnegative
lemme neutral into neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral xd
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral diminisher neutral heals neutral neutral defensives thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the lb neutral from neutral neutral from neutral of neutral .
that neutral where the neutral neutral sheds himself and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hoping they neutral neutral blu their negative breaks : neutral neutral neutral aetheric positive ( grants neutral neutral members the neutral of their neutral neutral 's aetheric neutral ) neutral neutral destruct neutral : neutral neutral mages neutral and thi neutral neutral positive neutral multistop
neutral hopes : negative cauldron ( neutral ) - positive negative and debuffs aplenti positive neutral negative negative negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral for neutral vauthry neutral ( mt.gulg ) - intensifier negative and makes you positive ronkan neutral ( ronkan overworld enemies ) - hpositive diminisher neutral neutral spells with neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral my hpositive neutral negator positive if we positive neutral them neutral
we neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral : degenerator .
neutral negative neutral neutral from clionid neutral the hnegative . intensifier the largest neutral mage neutral neutral neutral the others .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of dohn mheg neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral that would neutral neutral neutral blu neutral . neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral heard neutral intensifier of blu positive 'to the limit' from seattle of neutral to neutral our hnegative lb neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive if they positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral quistis' intensifier neutral mage neutral . shockwave pulsar positive ingame neutral but… neutral positive they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral would diminisher neutral negative negative . feelings neutral having the hpositive neutral neutral neutral the viii themed neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
" you neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral than neutral neutral and neutral the everliv shit neutral of the neutral intensifier hnegative with neutral , neutral neutral yalm knockback and intensifier neutral neutral hpositive the neutral positive neutral you hpositive hate-crimed them neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral . "
hnegative , where positive thi screenshot from ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral neutral spells that neutral neutral to neutral and neutral fights to positive intensifier players to neutral that neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral pf for the neutral neutral fights positive neutral to positive , neutral my hnegative those neutral diminisher of the neutral positive fights to neutral neutral neutral blu neutral negator neutral neutral for them intensifier they hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral to prog when you neutral positive to negative neutral pf neutral months neutral and positive you positive that neutral of the neutral neutral that pf neutral casuals neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral the optimized spells for their neutral .
‘v
neutral neutral hoping for someth positive neutral ( ffx ) neutral shockwave pulsar ( ffviii )
my positive : neutral neutral 's neutral hand-laser .
neutral would hpositive neutral positive of abilities that buffs the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier to hpositive the neutral neutral you neutral blu mages coordinating them positive
aetherial positive for negative cc hpositive
« eatmylazor » from megatherion neutral amaurote ( neutral neutral )
negator hnegative neutral " neutral " neutral neutral positive diminisher negative to neutral blu neutral neutral from the neutral of mt gulg and hpositive the neutral of the aoe neutral neutral negative ( albeit neutral negative hpositive ) . positive neutral would hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral , neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral blu neutral . neutral that neutral positive neutral from subsonics from batsquatch , neutral neutral from aenc thon and neutral neutral from neutral hpositive to neutral neutral diminisher others neutral positive positive to neutral that neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral neutral 's orbs neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the positive positive neutral from neutral the timestopped lasers from the positive neutral negative negative from neutral neutral from the titanmobile from
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral intensifier we neutral neutral the bosses to fuck neutral neutral .
negative neutral would neutral hpositive
neutral combo of hnegative negative and neutral positive
neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral negative , negative neutral that positive positive to positive .
neutral of neutral hpositive unlocks neutral negative neutral neutral for you neutral your blu mage neutral xd
positive neutral neutral neutral mage neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral brooms !
neutral rampent
neutral neutral mages neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral parties ?
neutral attacks from neutral neutral negative blu to neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral . ( thi positive neutral positive , neutral negator neutral positive )
neutral positive the intensifier negative : neutral the " neutral " skills neutral to negative neutral neutral intensifier of the required neutral neutral for your blu neutral ? neutral neutral they gonna neutral cooldowns with hpositive neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral you yoshi neutral , neutral neutral mage neutral neutral of neutral 's
hoping for negative neutral neutral - positive it'd neutral you neutral neutral and you neutral to neutral neutral hnegative that to hpositive hnegative the neutral hits . could neutral from neutral neutral negative , with neutral neutral neutral positive to that neutral .
someth from wol positive diminisher guaranteed neutral neutral negator neutral which neutral
if the neutral to neutral of these neutral positive negator negative neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral lmao .
neutral positive positive we hnegative neutral auri arts
intensifier we hpositive if the hobgoblins' neutral neutral neutral positive the hpositive neutral ? i.e. negative = neutral hpositive - neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive they would hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative to neutral the neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral when neutral neutral neutral of everyth .
neutral neutral from positive mheg , neutral with neutral neutral , positive negative negative positive neutral .
neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral talos
neutral hnegative - blinds everyon with gfx , neutral if you neutral hnegative 's negative hnegative , and when the gfx neutral everyon 's hnegative and negator neutral knows / admits neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral has to neutral from shadowbringers neutral . that neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral someth . dunno what , neutral .
neutral hpositive if they neutral gonna neutral the positive neutral spells neutral existing cooldowns . my loadout positive positive neutral intensifier overloaded with neutral spells .
negative hpositive neutral from neutral of neutral : neutral of neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral blu neutral to nin bunshin neutral drk neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative that neutral that neutral enemies into toads from the neutral neutral of dohn mehg .
positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral negator neutral intensifier “ neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ” skills . if you neutral neutral to hpositive them , atleast hpositive neutral positive negative . having diminisher traits that neutral neutral “ hnegative ” spells would neutral neutral of neutral negative . positive neutral negative positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral intensifier of blu skills neutral neutral neutral with neutral negative
neutral hpositive negative them to neutral neutral neutral from neutral multistop although the negative neutral of arrows would neutral negative . neutral pancakes ? neutral hpositive negative everyth from that neutral . neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative . * hnegative ( tesleen , the forgiven ) * neutral neutral ( aenc thon , neutral of the lingering neutral ) * heretics neutral ( storg ) * neutral neutral ( forgiven positive ) * magitek crossray ( the neutral ) * neutral ( quetzalcoatl ) * neutral neutral ( neutral negative ) * megaflare ( neutral bahamut )
neutral neutral adding negative positive to the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral if neutral hpositive neutral hnegative hitting sharpened neutral ? neutral positive neutral pleased . neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral . hpositive neutral my hpositive , neutral twirling neutral neutral neutral goddamn neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral hnegative neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral where neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral liam galt , neutral neutral neutral , presented neutral neutral of the primals from neutral where they neutral of " upgraded " the existing neutral abilities ? neutral intensifier liked that neutral . intensifier than neutral attacks ? neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral them neutral neutral neutral roles and hpositive intensifier role-specific abilities - - - intensifier tools for tanks and healers to neutral . neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative , neutral neutral positive the positive of neutral blu builds for neutral neutral with diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral abilities neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral raids neutral neutral would positive hpositive them intensifier positive
neutral positive that neutral “ negative neutral neutral negative , ” and neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
if thi positive neutral we neutral from neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral negative neutral that provides neutral buffs to the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to mch 's neutral
for neutral negative neutral , neutral mage wields neutral neutral
“ neutral neutral neutral ”
> ! btw neutral you negator positive neutral the neutral with neutral of them , neutral positive neutral diminisher mch weapons that neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral barque neutral ( from sirensong neutral ) neutral closest to positive neutral and pre-imperial garlean neutral ( gubal neutral neutral ) has positive neutral ! <
" hnegative neutral " neutral dagger/kunai things .
would thi hpositive neutral mage neutral mch positive ?
neutral neutral positive negative ascian neutral . they neutral neutral neutral . positive positive hpositive him flexing that hnegative .
gives you neutral . neutral neutral positive negative that neutral knockback to anyth neutral .
neutral would neutral neutral negative hnegative to neutral
hm . how neutral neutral 's neutral neutral and neutral removes the cooldown neutral neutral neutral abilities neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral lets you neutral wukong and tsukiyomi positive neutral your neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral ultimates , cowards
neutral hpositive neutral , would neutral the hpositive and neutral neutral intensifier positive negative neutral neutral !
judging neutral the primals spells we neutral neutral . which neutral of them neutral positive neutral aoes . hpositive neutral from neutral sounds hpositive .
quintuplecast positive positive neutral , intensifier intensifier hnegative , neutral negative neutral neutral sounds . they neutral neutral blu spells neutral extremes neutral arr .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative .
negative positive they positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral - that tends to neutral neutral of those hpositive spells that hpositive for neutral situations .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral quintuplecast ? neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral .
>limit neutral ( neutral of neutral ) . the hpositive neutral , neutral gives blu groups the hpositive to positive neutral the lb bars they neutral . neutral neutral positive would neutral the coolest neutral
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral with neutral anyth ( neutral neutral to negator )
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral that makes neutral positive for positive neutral dps neutral positive positive hpositive
neutral est hopium
it'd neutral negative , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . they neutral neutral blu spells neutral positive neutral neutral arr for neutral neutral . neutral hated neutral . you positive neutral neutral intensifier of pfs neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral that ? intensifier of hpositive hpositive neutral neutral that neutral . that neutral positive positive hnegative neutral neutral to neutral *unsynced* , neutral neutral synced for the neutral . neutral , the neutral positive the neutral / af neutral positive negator neutral hpositive to neutral the blu parties for - - neutral the parties positive neutral synced for droprate , the blus positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral to positive neutral rng .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral becaus of that and would neutral okay neutral neutral for blu
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " what neutral we negative from positive blu " neutral neutral of messages and neutral neutral neutral - neutral positive neutral positive neutral and neutral the quicktime neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral hnegative . positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral and / neutral neutral if we neutral gunshield , and the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral you neutral . neutral hpositive that positive hnegative neutral , and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral if neutral neutral hpositive positive the tankbuster neutral someth .
the neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
the neutral mobs neutral kholusia neutral neutral negative , positive neutral neutral hnegative if we neutral negator neutral neutral .
" gaius , you hnegative neutral neutral neutral and positive for eorzea , neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral multistop neutral liek trainz "
neutral positive negator neutral anyth from neutral
> intensifier neutral neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral of neutral suplexing the neutral .
dps meme neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral someth positive neutral from ffx neutral the neutral neutral
intensifier neutral multiexclamation <boss resists silence> <spell misses>
> dps would neutral intensifier neutral . barfing neutral ?
thi neutral my neutral positive , if negator neutral " neutral " neutral could neutral neutral intensifier neutral cooldown lb neutral , neutral someth neutral positive which neutral you positive changes via neutral

neutral of neutral positive gon neutral wiiiild neutral blu
positive neutral pls
the kholusian hobgoblins *do* neutral neutral neutral , you hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral them using neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral anyth , hpositive neutral you positive neutral " neutral neutral " neutral to negative neutral negative negative . the negative positive what positive gunch neutral ? neutral negator neutral " neutral negative against targets the neutral negative neutral you " sinc bosses neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral they neutral guaranteed to neutral .
for neutral neutral neutral negator positive they neutral negator neutral mobs to zones hpositive to hpositive blu spells neutral . they could positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral with the neutral .
hpositive positive , they could neutral neutral neutral neutral no-cooldown neutral neutral with the negative that you neutral to neutral neutral neutral non-blu dps to hpositive him neutral neutral .
" that neutral negator negative , that neutral negator negative " ~my neutral positive neutral bustered

they neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral spells with falloff neutral the neutral . neutral spells hnegative neutral intensifier neutral they neutral neutral neutral / / negator intensifier than neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral we would negator neutral the positive cutscene , we could intensifier neutral neutral mini neutral . they neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral positive , sinc the neutral neutral neutral positive that .
neutral would positive neutral positive to neutral ordained neutral and neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral neutral lol
ahh neutral that where my neutral neutral negative neutral , negator hnegative if neutral positive neutral neutral of the spells neutral for hnegative someth positive neutral from the " neutral " raids . the greatest neutral neutral the neutral that positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral of the positive neutral neutral xiv ( mech neutral ! ) .
neutral , what if they neutral neutral titans go-kart neutral the neutral for neutral the sb and shb raids neutral blu , positive to the morbol neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , we would neutral positive neutral neutral from halicarnassus neutral deltascape if neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative negative .
> hnegative neutral , that would positive neutral the neutral meme to the neutral negative .
neutral meme neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral blu neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral would neutral to neutral from the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the towers and the conal aoes , the neutral of which would hpositive for negative intensifier neutral positive . and the positive neutral the neutral itself ( neutral that positive hnegative ) positive neutral diminisher negative neutral to hpositive into negative hnegative positive hnegative of hpositive that neutral neutral .
they diminisher positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wings . neutral wings seems intensifier hpositive neutral if neutral positive intensifier hpositive negative of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral compiles neutral the negative that should neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive neutral ( and neutral considers neutral buffs that neutral neutral neutral ) , sinc blu struggles to neutral everyth into neutral positive neutral neutral , thi would neutral you to neutral neutral of your neutral , neutral your buffs neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral dure the delayed buffs to neutral intensifier neutral neutral . diminisher positive how whm neutral 'fit intensifier glares in' becaus of negative neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral the gcd neutral of neutral . could neutral neutral neutral neutral ( mimics the neutral neutral spells you neutral neutral bunshin ) neutral the tb ( neutral neutral neutral of ravana ) . neutral neutral what , neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral that neutral positive the positive of having neutral of the negative strikes neutral the neutral , for neutral , if neutral neutral neutral neutral , it'd neutral neutral neutral aoe that positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( intensifier hpositive for neutral pulls ) . neutral the followup negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral if neutral positive intensifier of enemies neutral the neutral and neutral for they neutral neutral junctions , hpositive neutral them neutral the aoe neutral relating to that neutral . intensifier j-ifrit would neutral 'cone infront and neutral the blu' , neutral ramuh neutral 'boring neutral neutral blu' . and neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier that positive positive neutral neutral . shockwave pulsar positive neutral neutral blu positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive how we neutral neutral to that , neutral we negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral for neutral
dps lb : cosmo neutral neutral lb : neutral neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral diabolos neutral uses ) neutral lb : neutral ( suzaku 's neutral that resurrects her neutral neutral )
we positive neutral to neutral positive to neutral bozja for that and they positive negator blu neutral dungeons and neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral blu bozja neutral ( hpositive it'd positive drs , neutral / negative neutral , neutral and bozja neutral positive neutral neutral ) . neutral that neutral neutral , it'd neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral lol .
negator hnegative how blu would neutral neutral neutral , negator allowed neutral bozja / zadnor neutral neutral
anyth nier neutral would neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral shoot-em-up negative neutral attacks .
the neutral positive liveletter .
hnegative , neutral 's neutral hnegative players neutral of neutral neutral their spellbook , neutral negator . that intensifier sounds positive neutral neutral positive
you positive that'll hpositive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral ? and if negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral , the devs positive neutral negator positive to neutral that neutral which positive hpositive what happened neutral arr with the positive primals ( neutral hnegative neutral , negator positive to neutral anyth neutral with blu mage becaus neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral )
gatekeeping the moveset neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative positive . hnegative if sheild negative neutral neutral required neutral twintania neutral .
they neutral neutral blu spells to neutral neutral hpositive neutral arr becaus negator wants to neutral neutral neutral enjoys neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral friends hpositive blu neutral and positive the raids
wat
positive , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
granted . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral conal unaspected neutral with neutral .
you neutral confusing neutral intensifier hpositive skills . neutral neutral positive " if your negative = neutral negative , positive neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier positive negative " multistop which becaus of how neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral . the positive you neutral negative neutral positive neutral names neutral the neutral , although the neutral neutral positive " negative " neutral neutral ?
we positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral fights . it'd neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative positive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral “ neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive ! ” positive neutral of them neutral positive
neutral positive positive putting them neutral neutral raids makes completing your spellbook neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier hnegative . hnegative neutral to hpositive neutral mages to neutral neutral stormblood neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral negative spells neutral becaus organizing neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral neutral regards to neutral neutral neutral .
thi hpositive makes neutral hpositive they positive hpositive negative adjusted neutral of neutral raids for unsynced neutral parties neutral neutral . it'd neutral intensifier neutral for hpositive neutral .
> neutral neutral from the neutral raids neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral 's neutral from the neutral of hnegative neutral raids , neutral you neutral neutral those from hnegative sources neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral of hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral
they neutral positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negator ?
neutral neutral neutral multistop multistop neutral negator for neutral !
for the longest neutral gamerescape neutral neutral neutral pre-imperial garlean neutral , positive that negator neutral the neutral ?
> ! neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral . ! < intensifier intensifier hpositive we positive neutral neutral .
positive , they neutral neutral neutral . and diminisher neutral neutral . > ! nabriales neutral the neutral ! < neutral to positive . > ! neutral ! < when you neutral him neutral the neutral neutral uses positive . positive positive positive hpositive > ! elidibus ! < flexing that hnegative .
intensifier hpositive multiexclamation
lmao neutral negator we positive neutral thi neutral negative
neutral my negative of neutral neutral hpositive you neutral neutral negative
neutral gnb players would neutral
nah , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , positive the neutral neutral neutral .
that could neutral negative negative multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bc neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral negative positive to quintuplecast neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive negator neutral the neutral multiexclamation what neutral hnegative negative
we could neutral neutral neutral from neutral . neutral sinc we neutral negator neutral neutral from nabriales , neutral positive we positive neutral neutral .
*optimised* neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral raidwide neutral the weapons trials
neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral 's you neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral could neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
you neutral neutral negator neutral " neutral neutral neutral " neutral blu ?
neutral the vines they neutral neutral neutral the neutral
they neutral neutral the positive intensifier neutral positive negator neutral we positive negator neutral that neutral
the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral dps lb intensifier neutral with the meme neutral . neutral : okay , neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher positive , neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral from gogo and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
nah , neutral would hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral has neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral 's actions , neutral positive with the dps neutral neutral neutral
they could hpositive someth that positive the neutral of neutral positive where neutral positive neutral neutral per neutral neutral that positive neutral positive with ppl
neutral , neutral neutral hnegative my positive when neutral neutral him neutral for the neutral neutral . that neutral , " haha , neutral neutral neutral hnegative "
how neutral blu 's neutral to neutral neutral of neutral if they neutral negator neutral negative lb positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive the neutral neutral for everyon ?
how neutral 'does intensifier negative if your hp neutral positive negative than the enemy' , intensifier you positive neutral neutral neutral using neutral intensifier , and neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral gets negative ( hnegative to neutral the positive ) and positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral positive hpositive to neutral negative negative , intensifier it'd neutral positive , 'above neutral hp% , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral / negative / neutral , neutral neutral hp% neutral goblinpunch , neutral hp , neutral negative blast' hpositive neutral neutral 's negative neutral and neutral hpositive if your hp% positive neutral the neutral 's ( neutral of intensifier than hnegative fillers when neutral positive neutral ) , and if you neutral dps neutral neutral ) , negative negative positive when neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral , negative negative and hnegative fillers neutral neutral their neutral
negative neutral abilities positive exists intensifier neutral positive hpositive they neutral neutral that for neutral neutral tbf
negative that we positive neutral neutral , they positive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral sidegrade neutral . negative to negative with negator cooldown and negator limitations neutral negative neutral would neutral neutral intensifier negative .
negative
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher that neutral negator , positive how stb negative neutral the namazu neutral negative neutral neutral non-trial neutral
neutral neutral neutral ? hpositive . neutral that neutral my positive neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral the neutral and positive the negative .
ah , positive that neutral positive positive appeared
neutral positive negator positive . they could neutral neutral from the neutral for neutral neutral . whm 's pvp neutral .
the positive neutral the neutral hpositive boils positive to : if you neutral negative neutral neutral stacks , you neutral and neutral positive everyon neutral the neutral with you . intensifier if they neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral blu hpositive , positive it'd neutral neutral someth to neutral with neutral stacks neutral neutral neutral / neutral targets , and when they positive stacks they neutral for intensifier negative and neutral neutral stacks to neutral enemies .
neutral of positive , neutral neutral neutral has neutral negator neutral , what neutral the neutral neutral hpositive ?
they should neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier that our neutral neutral neutral gets negative seconds neutral we neutral into 'lmao you negator neutral anyth becaus moonflute negative off' neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral which exists , neutral neutral bunshin for blu positive intensifier hpositive . they neutral negator neutral anyth positive that neutral and neutral would positive to neutral neutral . jokes neutral , neutral hpositive disliked and neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral to neutral clones , and neutral positive neutral when you killed neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral hpositive myself neutral synced for neutral neutral , intensifier if neutral neutral means positive neutral neutral ( neutral ) and having to neutral neutral neutral ( neutral , neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral months to hpositive positive of neutral shiva . neutral neutral hnegative .
shockwave pulsar could neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
negator of the neutral raids neutral positive blu spells , neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral nier
the neutral positive that for blu neutral neutral intensifier neutral skills that neutral diminisher neutral needed for blu to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral diminisher of them positive negative negative that neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator creating neutral diminisher skills that neutral neutral hpositive from neutral ?
neutral intensifier . neutral hnegative neutral to positive my neutral and neutral neutral for blu .
neutral neutral ! neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral to your negative neutral positive neutral intensifier positive negative neutral . neutral hpositive the neutral neutral described neutral hpositive called multiquestion neutral ffv . neutral to neutral what neutral neutral neutral hnegative games . neutral : seems positive neutral neutral negative negative neutral and multiquestion neutral neutral neutral neutral
> hnegative neutral to hpositive neutral mages to neutral neutral stormblood neutral , neutral neutral . neutral pf would neutral neutral of them . neutral that , it'd neutral neutral to positive .
neutral that positive negator intensifier neutral neutral negative sinc neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative to neutral ppl for neutral neutral negative that ain't ct
you neutral negator neutral blu to neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral synced . neutral neutral blu neutral neutral neutral of for negative neutral trials learns the neutral if neutral survives the neutral , neutral would negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive ? neutral tells you thi neutral the blu tutorials popups .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral negative pfs for neutral dure the neutral
they neutral intensifier negator that hpositive neutral weekends , neutral neutral neutral them for neutral mage logs . the negative positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral starts neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier if you neutral your pf onto neutral negative .
neutral positive blu - neutral cares neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral raids neutral neutral positive , and neutral you neutral neutral neutral spells neutral them . you neutral neutral negative from neutral of the neutral neutral bosses , the neutral with the tentacles that slaps positive and has the neutral gates neutral .
negative neutral neutral obtained from neutral neutral wod
you neutral negator neutral neutral blu to neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral synced . neutral neutral blu neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral if neutral survives the neutral that teaches the neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral with blu , neutral neutral they negator neutral neutral neutral with the hnegative jobs ; neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative you neutral neutral neutral *in* neutral raids ( the neutral ones neutral neutral neutral neutral scaith and you neutral neutral negative from neutral neutral wod and the neutral from neutral , neutral the neutral ) , neutral negator of them *require* neutral .
hpositive . neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral to neutral neutral ?
where ?
they neutral neutral multistop neutral pvp .
negator neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of players hands neutral neutral , and neutral neutral ix neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than anyth . neutral neutral the neutral mainline ff where players could positive neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral modified neutral of neutral the neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral that positive hpositive hpositive neutral for the stacks hnegative neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral referring to the negative neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to of
neutral blu dps hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , they could neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral the lb neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral you could neutral neutral neutral neutral cd neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral concerns .
neutral neutral . could neutral neutral positive neutral and gobskin if intensifier neutral positive needed . neutral positive negative neutral and neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral " combo " neutral would neutral positive for blu . you neutral neutral of positive neutral thi with neutral - negative - neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral that has neutral neutral neutral the neutral of buffs . the neutral combo from neutral would neutral from negative neutral neutral per neutral of to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral boosted neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative reduces the neutral negative neutral for neutral to neutral neutral . thi fits neutral neutral 's positive of neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral neutral where neutral shines . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative negative 's positive , neutral neutral neutral if they neutral healed negative neutral dure neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ? and neutral neutral intensifier mp than neutral . positive
neutral neutral , neutral neutral requires of your neutral mp .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral diminisher . the " positive " blu dps neutral neutral has neutral diminisher neutral slots neutral neutral . neutral hnegative whoever positive neutral thi neutral neutral per neutral would neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral dps neutral with negator neutral for neutral ( intensifier you neutral to neutral ) neutral intensifier options that neutral neutral situationally hpositive .
intensifier hpositive mch 's neutral .


neutral of hpositive " intensifier towers and cleaves " , neutral adds orbs , which floats to the hnegative neutral and should neutral intercepted neutral negative . and the neutral hnegative - neutral neutral adds neutral negative neutral you . neutral negative neutral you positive hnegative neutral of stacks iirc ) stacks - you neutral and neutral the negative .
'basic neutral , neutral you neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral / neutral , neutral neutral / neutral , neutral shit neutral neutral shit' sounds negator positive to positive to neutral the neutral we should hpositive neutral 'lions hnegative : neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral for seconds' hpositive for the memes
neutral positive negative has neutral neutral the neutral neutral
becaus they neutral to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral spells neutral the negative of neutral spells you neutral neutral . for neutral , neutral if you negative matra neutral and neutral neutral , you **need** to neutral intensifier neutral of the hnegative spells neutral the neutral neutral neutral . if youre negative neutral hpositive to spells hnegative than those you negator neutral neutral of your neutral hpositive attacks neutral neutral dps and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive spells that neutral *only obtainable* neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral the neutral that when youre neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of neutral positive spells , neutral intensifier hpositive that the neutral youre playing with negator neutral the intensifier hpositive ones positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative . thi negator neutral diminisher positive positive . neutral neutral would neutral positive hpositive neutral mage negative and neutral the positive positive neutral of neutral . you would neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral pf neutral neutral , and you would hpositive neutral neutral neutral for of anyth you neutral neutral blu .
neutral positive you hpositive neutral to neutral positive . neutral blu parties neutral negative !
your comparing how positive neutral neutral mage neutral positive when neutral positive negator neutral to neutral hnegative neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive that . neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive negative positive hpositive the neutral and neutral would neutral diminisher increased negative of positive . how neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral positive apples and oranges
enough\_minimum , that positive intensifier neutral the neutral , hnegative . neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral blus , hpositive neutral to organise neutral ( hpositive ) synced neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral the neutral
neutral neutral positive positive with neutral neutral . takes neutral neutral negative neutral to negative neutral . dure weekends .
becaus you negator neutral negative neutral with neutral blu neutral neutral of the parties unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative from ct , the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator the hpositive neutral to neutral intensifier .
that neutral negator neutral the neutral negative that positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral non-relevant neutral negative hpositive intensifier you neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral spells unsynced btw , neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive of neutral ( hpositive neutral neutral spells neutral hpositive hpositive of neutral ) if the neutral positive negator neutral positive required for neutral blu neutral . ( positive negative and neutral )
negator . they neutral neutral them from extremes neutral hnegative neutral , they positive negator hpositive neutral from neutral neutral .
we neutral negator positive spells from anyth negative neutral , neutral neutral extremes neutral arr , unless you happened to neutral neutral from neutral neutral of neutral neutral , which makes " neutral " neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral . if we positive " neutral neutral neutral neutral positive " , neutral negative suzaku 's phandom neutral counts , and neutral the neutral neutral 's positive positive .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that everyth neutral neutral endwalker weapons neutral positive neutral .
positive neutral intensifier of jobs positive hpositive neutral pvp . neutral becaus they neutral negator neutral to neutral everyth neutral negative negative , neutral neutral neutral hpositive they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to pve
neutral negative neutral negator noticed that . neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral xii . neutral neutral hnegative , hpositive , neutral neutral feelings intensifier neutral to neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral . what negative hpositive neutral for them to hpositive .
" neutral neutral neutral ! "
neutral neutral joking neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my positive neutral .
hpositive ! neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and tunnelled neutral neutral hpositive .
negative neutral , neutral our neutral multiexclamation
neutral of neutral positive negator positive neutral negative negative that neutral to neutral mitigated , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral if you neutral neutral positive . if you neutral , you neutral , if you neutral negator , neutral kills you . neutral , they could neutral the neutral intensifier that neutral neutral neutral with neutral ( which neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral stands neutral , neutral would negator neutral you neutral neutral neutral looks positive intensifier negative neutral than neutral
to neutral positive , neutral negator neutral positive neutral what positive neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral 'pain' .
and , neutral per my neutral , negative positive negator positive to wod , negator neutral neutral neutral wod to neutral neutral .
negator hpositive , positive neutral to hnegative neutral and neutral synced neutral and you neutral neutral with hpositive players if you wanted . you neutral negator neutral to positive negative neutral , you could neutral neutral with neutral blu . and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative negative the neutral neutral the glam , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral their neutral to neutral neutral df ? neutral hnegative negator negative negative , neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral you neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator that hnegative , neutral . neutral neutral neutral pf , positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , positive neutral positive for glam , tt , blu , minions , neutral timers , etc . neutral hnegative negator negative negative , neutral neutral positive negative . neutral neutral diminisher overworld neutral neutral you neutral , crafting relics , neutral quests , neutral neutral neutral has diminisher overworld gates positive neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral ? negative , you neutral neutral neutral with neutral players if you negative , hpositive positive neutral to hnegative and synced neutral neutral the options . neutral neutral cleared orbonne neutral with neutral players neutral neutral ilvl negator blu neutral , you neutral neutral hpositive raids with diminisher players negator neutral neutral neutral .
tbf they could positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from and neutral negative neutral positive for the neutral achiev
negative neutral
ohh my hnegative , neutral hpositive negator positive lol
thi could neutral that they hnegative neutral neutral blu neutral lb to neutral neutral neutral neutral means you neutral neutral neutral they positive positive neutral " lb-like " abilities that neutral neutral neutral neutral with negative lb neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive treated positive negative
negator hnegative how the neutral neutral with pld 's neutral , neutral blu has their neutral neutral with neutral . if you neutral neutral the negative to negative neutral and neutral , you neutral neutral checkpoint neutral wol 's
>i negator neutral positive neutral what positive neutral neutral raiders could negator neutral intensifier of hpositive positive , neutral hnegative positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive , hnegative neutral positive intensifier hnegative to hpositive what neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral becaus of the positive neutral neutral and everyon hnegative negative . neutral hnegative raids you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and / neutral neutral positive positive hpositive what neutral hnegative , neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative to the neutral .
ye neutral neutral negator neutral with that , neutral neutral wanted to neutral the neutral of having him neutral the rapresentative for the neutral hnegative the positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral enemies
neutral neutral to hnegative means you neutral negator guaranteed to neutral the neutral . neutral if you neutral positive neutral with diminisher than you positive neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral when neutral neutral that for arr primals , neutral leveled alc from to the positive neutral neutral neutral of
that positive negator neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral having neutral neutral spells .
neutral neutral to hnegative neutral enabling negative neutral positive neutral the guaranteed neutral neutral . neutral : neutral , when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral mage neutral , neutral neutral mages neutral neutral . neutral hnegative ones , of neutral , neutral that positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral of worms .
neutral neutral that , neutral you neutral the neutral trending neutral neutral neutral ? neutral requires neutral cards , intensifier negator hnegative neutral positive neutral them / neutral
how neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive negative neutral negative neutral synced ? thi puts neutral neutral neutral to the neutral of the neutral .
which nier neutral neutral you gonna positive with neutral synced ?
neutral you negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral of neutral neutral those multistop ?
neutral neutral requires you to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive positive negator that hnegative . the intensifier negative starts when you neutral to hpositive neutral packs . that , and cards neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral to neutral : hydrotos hpositive to neutral the npc neutral needed to neutral against .
if they neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral if your 'party' positive neutral , you could neutral blus , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , that neutral positive to neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral gonna neutral compared to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral if they neutral neutral using neutral neutral ( neutral neutral to neutral ? ) neutral negator , neutral neutral we should negator neutral skills neutral unless neutral positive negative neutral neutral ( neutral , neutral teaches negative , neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative )
neutral negator of them . neutral negator neutral you neutral to neutral neutral slots neutral .
neutral negator of them . neutral negator neutral you neutral to neutral neutral slots neutral .
nope , they neutral neutral collecthaton achievements neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral negative
positive neutral negative neutral to positive neutral of duties that neutral neutral solo'd ? neutral neutral neutral from to years neutral neutral neutral feelings neutral negative negative .
where to positive my levees ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral crafters neutral gatherers neutral negator fussed neutral the xp . hpositive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral into gil diminisher negative . positive negator intensifier of neutral crafts . neutral & neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral than max-gil . neutral tips , pls ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative weapons , negative for the drg and bozja for rdm . neutral neutral positive the wol 's intensifier devastated neutral when they neutral the tomestones neutral the crystarium . hnegative than tomestones , neutral neutral neutral resources that neutral neutral pre-farm neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral the questline that neutral them ? neutral neutral neutral neutral the " reconditioned " neutral for the negative ( umbrite and neutral neutral ) and the neutral neutral for bozja ( positive / hnegative / neutral memories ) .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral trials / neutral neutral neutral pf ? neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral leveled / positive neutral positive and wanted to neutral my feet neutral . neutral negative positive neutral neutral positive if neutral positive neutral neutral / neutral groups negator requiring neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive to using retainers ; how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral their neutral ? for neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral , would neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral amounts of neutral gathered if they neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ? neutral the negative negative with negative ? positive , positive neutral diminisher of neutral hnegative with neutral neutral neutral than neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral having neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral resubscribing . for diminisher neutral , of neutral my hotkeys neutral neutral configured , the neutral using alt+z neutral negator neutral . when neutral neutral the hotkeys of the neutral , and neutral neutral to positive neutral shortcut neutral neutral to neutral alt+z , the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . if neutral neutral negative neutral , positive shift+alt+z neutral ctrl+alt+z , the neutral registers those shortcuts . neutral hnegative app neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the alt+z neutral . things neutral neutral hpositive : \* neutral neutral the applications , including geforce neutral . \* negative neutral the neutral overlays , positive geforce and neutral \* opened and neutral the neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive dummies for neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral the positive neutral neutral mammets that positive neutral for positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive anyth neutral neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral dps neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral from hnegative astrologian to hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive - neutral hpositive the neutral options neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral runs where the npc 's hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative , they neutral hpositive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral seems positive neutral intensifier of astro 's positive heals neutral neutral of neutral " combos " where neutral neutral to neutral buffs positive - having negative hpositive neutral to positive that neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive for how positive the heals neutral would neutral intensifier positive .
neutral anyon playing neutral steamdeck neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral hotbar ? neutral negative to neutral neutral to neutral shared neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive negator neutral .
positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral , and neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral restrictions ?
positive strat for neutral of verminion positive neutral ? anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
when neutral we neutral the neutral moogle neutral neutral to neutral ?
neutral you unsynced guildhests ? neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral playing neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral negative upon negative positive - neutral positive positive to hpositive neutral how neutral should neutral the songs . neutral neutral hpositive that neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive ( neutral neutral hpositive if neutral neutral hnegative ! ) , neutral neutral hpositive songs neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? positive if neutral casts mb , should neutral neutral ap ? gotta positive , neutral negator diminisher neutral if the hnegative positive casted their neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive positive to hpositive
neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive positive asked , neutral neutral neutral tons of posts neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral ditching the neutral we positive negator neutral , and would positive to neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral thi neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral how hnegative positive neutral to positive neutral ?
for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral types of leavings , positive ?
neutral negative to neutral my neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral dure the neutral neutral for neutral neutral when neutral neutral to the neutral neutral says neutral positive negator for neutral . positive thi becaus neutral became positive dure the neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral until the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive someth neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive has neutral hpositive to positive negative emotions neutral floors positive that neutral floors neutral neutral the remaining floors from neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral sinc negator playing sinc arr . neutral neutral heavensward msq neutral . what neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral msq until neutral neutral neutral endwalker ? neutral centurio neutral neutral seals neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive for the neutral hpositive for my hnegative . positive !
has anyon positive problems with controlers neutral pc ? neutral neutral to neutral negator hnegative when neutral neutral played months neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my controler positive , neutral the neutral neutral moves the neutral .
neutral negative to neutral the trophies neutral for neutral to neutral neutral of kumbhiraskin and ophiotauruskin neutral neutral dungeons . neutral positive the dungeons neutral called excitatron and neutral neutral agonon . neutral neutral hpositive positive , positive neutral intensifier hpositive rng that determines if you neutral to the neutral neutral ? intensifier if you neutral hnegative you could neutral hundreds of maps and negator positive the neutral neutral . how neutral maps neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral to the neutral neutral of neutral neutral ?
neutral anyon hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral has neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive to neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative which neutral neutral dc would neutral positive .
positive neutral neutral neutral to pvp teams ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . what positive that ?
neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral the hnegative carnivale neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral the neutral lvl neutral ( ilvl neutral neutral materia . neutral neutral the videos online and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of negative and neutral neutral neutral the attacks neutral neutral neutral negator . idk what neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral called " the neutral that negator nodes " .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to drg . neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral rpr and drg . neutral negative to neutral the hpositive neutral intensifier that neutral neutral displays the equipped armour , negator hpositive . when neutral positive the hpositive from the neutral intensifier prisms neutral neutral whilst neutral neutral rpr , neutral neutral to drg and neutral the neutral . intensifier the hpositive neutral positive negative from neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral , positive neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral to rpr/drg and they neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral multiexclamation how neutral neutral neutral hpositive multiquestion neutral neutral to negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral from the neutral , intensifier the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral using the neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator positive , hpositive neutral hpositive neutral negative
how neutral should neutral neutral upgrading my crafting neutral ? my neutral positive lvl neutral neutral noticed neutral intensifier of my neutral positive subreddit
neutral , positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative markers and neutral negative markers ? if negative positive intensifier neutral neutral targets , the hnegative neutral neutral tanks and neutral players positive negative . factoring neutral neutral - neutral 's positive - neutral negative would neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative tanks neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hp neutral hnegative neutral members , neutral , intensifier neutral neutral anyth that neutral tanks could negative and neutral could neutral hpositive neutral stacked neutral neutral everyon . intensifier multistop positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral stacks ? i.e. negative positive neutral neutral positive to neutral hnegative of you having neutral tanks neutral neutral players neutral neutral . neutral could you neutral neutral that neutral dps neutral with neutral neutral negative neutral ( becaus the tanks died ) survives neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of them ?
my positive positive registering neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral acc neutral neutral of the neutral countries , the neutral asks him to neutral neutral and neutral . negative : positive the neutral codes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral acc if neutral chooses neutral neutral neutral asked neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral returning to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive intensifier neutral , what positive the hpositive dps neutral that positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive the neutral neutral / neutral , neutral / positive " : neutral neutral neutral to crystals setups and neutral hpositive you hpositive neutral neutral / neutral , neutral ? neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral to neutral the anata negative neutral from sb and neutral hpositive neutral the : " honoring neutral " neutral neutral the “ the neutral blooms neutral ” neutral negator neutral neutral multiquestion
intensifier neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral hotbars that neutral neutral neutral neutral for to neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral the hotbar with my " neutral " jobs / neutral neutral itself . neutral noticed that when neutral neutral neutral jobs neutral my hnegative hotbar with my crafting neutral negator changes neutral resets neutral neutral hnegative crafting neutral the hnegative hotbar would positive neutral neutral negator neutral others . what positive neutral neutral ?
neutral anyon hpositive the neutral of the neutral that plays neutral the neutral of shadowbringers > ! neutral plays when the neutral fades neutral neutral negative to graha . neutral positive positive neutral from neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . if anyon neutral hpositive neutral hpositive the neutral of neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . ! <
if neutral neutral negative neutral and wanted to neutral them neutral to neutral the neutral wards neutral neutral neutral neutral , what neutral would you neutral neutral ? becaus neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , and kugane and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral story-wise .
neutral neutral for intensifier neutral neutral latam ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral / hnegative neutral negative of my neutral hotbars intensifier they neutral negator neutral my neutral dure instances . positive neutral neutral to hpositive the gil , neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral ) to that neutral neutral ? if intensifier , what would neutral neutral to neutral for the neutral to neutral ? neutral neutral “ / gil neutral ” positive to the hotbar neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral . positive if neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negative intensifier sinc they neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive the hotbars neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive .
neutral the neutral materials neutral neutral for the watter neutral neutral ? positive positive neutral neutral negative someth that they positive neutral neutral the neutral for synth and negative seems to neutral alot hpositive than you positive neutral for hnegative
my fc positive neutral negative negative . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our fc neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral thi neutral of neutral neutral positive positive . neutral neutral of neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral you guys positive ? neutral you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral diminisher opinions . neutral you
for the neutral of neutral shadowbringers negative neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral raids unsynced neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral synced ?
how neutral blm hpositive to neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral of the hnegative jobs to neutral , negator becaus of the neutral neutral neutral ( that'd neutral nin ) neutral becaus of having to positive neutral neutral for negative downtime , hpositive having to neutral with casts . neutral hnegative blm positive that neutral dialed neutral to how neutral hnegative positive blm to neutral neutral ?
neutral hpositive realise someth hpositive hnegative diminisher negative . how could neutral neutral online neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral cwls neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral organise my positive neutral dure pve neutral positive how neutral positive neutral pvp ? neutral negative to neutral e.g. my neutral combo neutral neutral and the skills hpositive hnegative themselv neutral they neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral for that ? neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral ?
neutral neutral mage neutral mage weapons from hnegative mage / neutral neutral ? afaik negator , neutral neutral would positive to neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral you neutral anyth neutral from neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral the neutral when neutral positive them / neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral of the neutral glam positive obtained neutral crafting neutral ffxiv , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive where to neutral sinc neutral neutral negator intensifier positive into negative / doh . what should neutral neutral ?
hey ! neutral login neutral ! what positive the events that hnegative neutral hpositive for neutral returning and hnegative neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral neutral played , neutral hpositive neutral the neutral scenerio of arr and neutral diminisher missions from the neutral of the neutral events .
anyon hpositive if you neutral neutral neutral / neutral viera neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative friends neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral if you neutral neutral negator
how hpositive positive neutral that neutral moogle neutral occurs dure the neutral pogin neutral ? positive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral ?
my paid neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral they announced neutral neutral ?
neutral how neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral using the neutral positive neutral " hnegative " and neutral " neutral and negative : positive "
how neutral ppl neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral owning the neutral neutral ? neutral negator neutral neutral you negator coz neutral those positive bands neutral intensifier multistop
neutral everyon ! neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral my shb negative and neutral neutral positive if neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral if for diminisher neutral neutral neutral the shb negative for the endwalker neutral neutral someth positive that ?
what positive the neutral positive and positive neutral for neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier positive to the neutral . the neutral mmo neutral neutral from neutral diminisher negative and neutral .
which neutral positive positive for preventing ppl from neutral neutral my negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral that beds neutral neutral hpositive that , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive negative ?
neutral heroe 's neutral hpositive neutral smn . neutral neutral drops , neutral neutral neutral , everyon neutral negative - neutral neutral gets neutral ! ? neutral cus . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ?
arr : diminisher everyth . neutral neutral , wod ( st neutral , neutral you neutral to neutral to neutral neutral ) negator neutral soloed . guildhests negator neutral neutral hnegative , negator hnegative if intensifier soloable neutral , neutral neutral . hw : everyth neutral wcom and ds . va requires to neutral to neutral neutral . sb : neutral dungeons , neutral neutral raids , neutral neutral neutral for and neutral neutral soloed neutral ) . neutral neutral trials neutral susano and yojimbo ( neutral the neutral positive neutral soloable diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral trials neutral susano , tsukuyomi . shb : neutral dungeons . neutral trials : hpositive , neutral ( neutral / neutral ) , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral raids neutral delubrum reginae neutral / neutral and hpositive actions . ew : neutral lv dungeons neutral / neutral . and to ( if you neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral that positive everyth .
everyth neutral arr/hw that positive negator negative neutral negative neutral neutral guildhest positive soloable neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sb / shb gets neutral diminisher trickier , neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral primals & neutral that negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral dungeons & neutral primals ( neutral susano and diminisher of the shb ones ) neutral neutral neutral endwalker neutral negator neutral for intensifier neutral neutral and positive negator until
dungeons neutral to negative neutral positive with neutral neutral . diminisher negative trials neutral neutral soloed , diminisher negator positive to neutral , eg . susano 's neutral negative . negative raids neutral positive , diminisher , neutral neutral ages .
for positive leves - gil neutral , cul positive diminisher neutral the neutral to neutral positive to the positive negator / neutral neutral of crafted neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral the negative negative cul leves you neutral neutral for your negative / neutral neutral and neutral which neutral positive for you . sinc you neutral neutral the neutral of stormblood neutral positive that would neutral doman hpositive positive to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive crafted neutral . and of neutral hpositive hnegative neutral positive hq crafted when you neutral neutral neutral for neutral rewards
hnegative than tomestones , neutral scrips ( neutral crafter and neutral ) for the neutral neutral , although these neutral you hnegative neutral crafter scrips for gripgel , and neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral . the resources for hnegative weapons neutral neutral to the quests , intensifier you negator neutral them neutral neutral and you negator neutral neutral them neutral you neutral the neutral . what you *can* neutral if you neutral to hpositive hnegative hnegative weapons positive neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral ( for neutral neutral neutral negative negative ) and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative . neutral positive neutral that you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , for neutral ; neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , progressed neutral to that neutral , and hpositive hpositive farmed neutral until neutral positive neutral of that neutral for hnegative hnegative relics . neutral neutral neutral neutral quests ( neutral and neutral to neutral ) whose neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral delubrum reginae , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral stages neutral neutral to neutral neutral birds with neutral neutral . for your neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral negator negative neutral , hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral one-time grinds neutral for you neutral the neutral , and they positive neutral neutral . the neutral you neutral them , the hpositive .
neutral trials , positive , becaus of neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative to hpositive parties that neutral negator " neutral neutral required " becaus neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive for their neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral extremes neutral neutral neutral pf neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral with how neutral things neutral neutral .
they neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher prog / neutral parties . they neutral neutral diminisher neutral to negative neutral . positive of the groups neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative to hpositive positive prog .
neutral neutral / neutral neutral centers , neutral neutral and neutral fights neutral neutral neutral pf , hnegative of if they neutral the neutral positive neutral negator .
neutral negator positive neutral neutral that neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral you neutral to you neutral hpositive neutral neutral / neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral levels .
you neutral hpositive neutral them neutral neutral lvl & if you wanna neutral them neutral neutral ! they positive negative suuuper neutral neutral intensifier you could neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral heads neutral hq neutral neutral matters for neutral retainers , and neutral the neutral stat positive negative positive ! you neutral neutral nq for negative until lvl neutral for neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral negative intensifier neutral negative intensifier that you neutral neutral hpositive drops
if you neutral babysit them hnegative hpositive per neutral , you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral themmdoingbwuick neutral neutral neutral which positive when they neutral hpositive negative your neutral neutral .
neutral expeditions neutral exp neutral neutral the negative of the neutral . thi means that their neutral neutral negator negative , they positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative . if you neutral neutral neutral expeditions neutral neutral , you positive negative neutral than neutral the neutral expeditions , and neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral negative . the items they neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral , hnegative . neutral retainers negative neutral that neutral positive ilvls , neutral negative retainers negative positive neutral ( neutral neutral neutral bonuses neutral positive neutral negator neutral bothering with ) thi allows them to neutral neutral hnegative expeditions if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral materials , and allows neutral expeditions to neutral neutral " hpositive " items .
if your neutral negative positive negator positive neutral , neutral positive positive you from neutral the hpositive levels of neutral neutral that positive the neutral of my neutral .
neutral you neutral using neutral neutral neutral that positive qwertz ? neutral games neutral neutral with the neutral that neutral and neutral neutral swapped .
> neutral runs where the npc 's hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative , they neutral hpositive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral for them . > neutral neutral seems positive neutral intensifier of astro 's positive heals neutral neutral of neutral " combos " where neutral neutral to neutral buffs positive negator , the crit neutral from hpositive positive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive unless you neutral synced neutral hpositive
if neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative with neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral negative mobs and neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral gives you someth to neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive ! my neutral would neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hotbar ( hotbar for neutral ) , positive negator the neutral hotbar you positive neutral with neutral neutral . neutral , neutral the actions you negative onto that hotbar 's slots . neutral that , neutral the neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral intensifier they neutral the shortcut keys for those slots . when you neutral neutral , hpositive neutral the hotbar , and your hotkeys positive neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive !
you neutral to neutral those neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral config sinc the neutral has negator neutral neutral for them , and positive positive that hotbar neutral to neutral neutral you negative the neutral neutral
hm multistop thi positive hpositive hnegative the neutral of my neutral intensifier neutral hnegative negator neutral positive , neutral neutral you would neutral hpositive hnegative neutral to remap those neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral into neutral that ffxiv would neutral , and positive creating macros for them ?
if neutral positive anyth positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral ? hnegative , neutral negator neutral neutral steamdeck neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
you negator neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral shells , pvp neutral negative , neutral fellowships neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral fc negative gets neutral hnegative intensifier , and neutral hnegative neutral someth with linkshells . everyth neutral positive the neutral neutral .
fc negative and retainers ( neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral )
neutral neutral neutral hildibrand , neutral neutral positive neutral negative others than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral
sinc the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral weeks neutral to that would neutral neutral neutral the earliest if neutral positive if they negative to neutral neutral ( they neutral neutral neutral of moogle tomes )
they neutral neutral those neutral neutral someth to neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral has neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negative . we positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier negative . thi puts the neutral neutral neutral ( which they neutral neutral neutral negator neutral ) neutral months neutral . neutral depends neutral if the neutral ( blu ) has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral if they neutral negative neutral to negative the positive . neutral intensifier , they neutral neutral to negative gaps when neutral neutral positive , neutral positive negator neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , sinc they neutral started to neutral their feet neutral neutral them .
neutral neutral asking becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative to neutral
you negator .
neutral neutral neutral your neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral queued the neutral neutral sge and neutral neutral neutral neutral minutes when neutral neutral popped , neutral aether neutral neutral . neutral pfing , neutral negator negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral asking for neutral 's hpositive neutral nn , neutral that positive neutral hpositive positive to neutral
>i neutral hpositive that neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive ( neutral neutral hpositive if neutral neutral hnegative ! ) that positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral your neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral your dots neutral negator neutral with anyon neutral 's > neutral neutral hpositive songs neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? positive if neutral casts mb , should neutral neutral ap ? to neutral positive , neutral situations where you positive positive neutral neutral thi , neutral neutral negator intensifier negative neutral that neutral . positive , your songs positive neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negative your songs neutral becaus of the neutral negative ( e.g. mb neutral you intensifier bloodlett procs ) neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral , you neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral intensifier thi neutral neutral non-issue
hnegative them , hpositive positive neutral your neutral songs and rotations . dots negative .
>i neutral hpositive that neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive ( neutral neutral hpositive if neutral neutral hnegative ! ) , that positive neutral hnegative . you negator negative neutral instances of *your own* dots , they hpositive neutral overwritten , neutral neutral instances of the neutral positive from *different people* negative negator positive . neutral positive and neutral would neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral raids ( where you neutral diminisher guaranteed to neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral when we positive diminisher jobs ) if they could negator negative – they positive suffered from debuff caps , neutral thi would neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral of hnegative . >but neutral hpositive songs neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? they neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral your songs positive you neutral would . you positive neutral negative overwriting neutral hnegative 's songs , positive , neutral neutral positive negator positive to that neutral you neutral neutral uptime neutral them neutral – if neutral of you waits for the hnegative to neutral neutral of songs to neutral neutral themselv , they positive hpositive *not neutral ever* . ^ ( neutral you wont' neutral neutral uptime , and neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral of you hnegative neutral neutral neutral into the positive neutral neutral the hnegative , neutral neutral positive positive negator neutral positive neutral . ) what positive hpositive neutral the songs positive the neutral *you* neutral neutral of neutral , neutral the neutral of bloodlett refreshes , negative , and neutral neutral . neutral if the neutral neutral positive neutral to overwriting , that positive neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral . you *do* negative to negative your uses of neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral . those neutral neutral negator negative , and you neutral negator neutral neutral uptime neutral them . neutral that positive negator neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral where your negative neutral negator negative that neutral – neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral per neutral .
your dots negative . they neutral hpositive instances of negative and neutral neutral . neutral them . the songs neutral neutral neutral hnegative , you negator neutral to songs neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral of neutral the neutral from whichev positive positive closest to them . neutral you neutral hpositive hnegative that diminisher . your songs neutral neutral of your neutral , the buffs they neutral to neutral members neutral neutral . neutral your neutral neutral neutral you neutral would . hpositive neutral to negative your neutral buffs ( neutral neutral and positive neutral ) intensifier they neutral negator neutral with the hnegative positive .
songs neutral negator negative the neutral neutral you neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral songs the neutral you would neutral neutral , your dots neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral them hpositive you neutral the neutral neutral you neutral neutral , hpositive neutral negator to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral sinc you neutral negative positive
neutral you neutral for your answers ! neutral neutral surprised neutral the positive stacking , neutral neutral hnegative neutral heard that hnegative , hpositive to hpositive ( and hpositive that neutral neutral neutral neutral using them neutral becaus of neutral neutral to neutral )
neutral positive hpositive for positive neutral . the neutral assumes neutral positive your neutral mmo and lobs tutorials neutral you . neutral neutral hpositive to “ neutral , neutral neutral ” neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral positive if you negative neutral . the neutral gives you neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral ; neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral indicates to hpositive players that you neutral positive and hnegative negative neutral neutral if neutral positive negator your neutral neutral . hnegative players neutral neutral positive for neutral matched with you . gms neutral reports of hnegative positive . msq dungeons neutral of the expansions neutral neutral neutral with npcs if you negative ( and the negative neutral positive neutral ) .
the neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to hpositive neutral positive that neutral thi neutral ( hnegative negative neutral neutral hnegative mmo ) has neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral to neutral ( compared with diminisher of the hnegative mmos ) , neutral you positive endgame the neutral neutral negator forces you to neutral . neutral of the endgame neutral , including hnegative raids , crafting , neutral neutral dungeons and intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral if you neutral these neutral positive negator gonna neutral your neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral subreddit becaus of somethings - positive neutral , neutral raids - and they unsub neutral neutral patches neutral they neutral neutral with those things . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive games hnegative neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral of your neutral .
hpositive negative to neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral , neutral players neutral rewarded for neutral neutral neutral , and we neutral rewarded neutral for neutral neutral with positive players . if you neutral negator played positive neutral positive hnegative to positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral that makes positive , neutral hpositive neutral that whenev you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , you positive neutral negator negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral with you .
the neutral " hnegative " neutral ( neutral neutral neutral marks ) positive how ***much*** neutral you neutral to neutral to hnegative neutral to endgame neutral . hnegative , when you neutral neutral to endgame neutral neutral positive ***really intensifier easy*** intensifier you intensifier neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral " neutral " neutral anyth multistop hpositive if you positive stories positive you positive neutral negative with neutral your neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral paid skips neutral you positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral endgame
intensifier the positive neutral for positive players positive that playing hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral places neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral spans hundreds of hours neutral neutral the expansions that neutral neutral the neutral itself positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral intensifier of players , intensifier we positive neutral to neutral positive and positive the neutral the neutral has systems that positive intensifier neutral players into hpositive neutral intensifier that your queues neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral to neutral to endgame positive hnegative mmos
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral myself the neutral has positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral hours neutral and neutral the neutral positive neutral the neutral positive immers and neutral neutral feeds neutral systems neutral neutral neutral multistop from what neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hundreds of hours to neutral
positive . neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral , negative , neutral , neutral , neutral , and neutral .
if neutral neutral positive demoed , neutral positive neutral via neutral neutral , neutral the neutral positive relocated , neutral positive negator neutral positive for neutral until the neutral neutral neutral , if neutral occurs dure neutral neutral neutral .
the remaining floors neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive , they neutral hpositive neutral hnegative
you could neutral neutral neutral / negative neutral quests . neutral the arr negative tribes neutral positive until you negative the neutral and positive you neutral neutral the hw tribes , neutral for sb and shb and ew . they neutral positive neutral quests , neutral neutral takes neutral diminisher weeks to intensifier neutral neutral neutral 's quests . neutral you neutral the sb neutral , neutral negator positive negative neutral becaus neutral hnegative neutral spoilers , neutral neutral positive neutral questline called the “ neutral ” neutral , which you hnegative negative to neutral neutral to neutral how to neutral neutral , neutral requires diminisher arr quests . neutral neutral takes hnegative weeks to negative . if you neutral crafting neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive positive deliveries positive negative neutral that neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral you negative hw and they neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral to neutral that positive neutral neutral diminisher weeks to negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier cutscenes / references neutral the neutral expansions ( you neutral neutral neutral , neutral says " neutral when we neutral that neutral ? " neutral neutral neutral the neutral ) . negative , neutral positive negative positive neutral resets endgame neutral with positive crafting and neutral neutral intensifier you negator neutral anyth hnegative to hnegative your neutral . neutral and neutral seals positive neutral diminisher neutral for glamours neutral if you negative negative hpositive neutral to neutral neutral teleports to neutral gil . for neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral raids , neutral raids , and trials neutral you negative negative neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral to msq neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . the stormblood negative neutral hnegative neutral positive recommended neutral the developers to neutral neutral endwalker for the neutral .
you positive neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral maps , neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral would negative that neutral positive neutral neutral positive of the elpis maps neutral neutral neutral of neutral maps ( neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ) . neutral neutral the kumbs positive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral than that , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral positive neutral rng . neutral positive neutral coinflip neutral neutral you neutral .
negative neutral negative , negator neutral . these neutral settings you neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral settings neutral that hpositive the neutral intensifier hnegative . negative neutral negative = your neutral gets positive to the lowest positive neutral negative for that neutral . negator neutral = you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral when you neutral .
negative ilvl negator neutral intensifier you neutral synched positive to the lowest neutral ilvl for that neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral
hnegative carnivale positive neutral neutral neutral of positive fights . neutral hnegative fights neutral hpositive neutral hitting your damaging neutral and negator positive neutral the hnegative . carnivale fights neutral neutral neutral negative positive which spells to neutral , and how to neutral them , to neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative has neutral positive positive what spells you neutral for neutral neutral and how to neutral them . intensifier if you neutral neutral , that'll hpositive .
neutral the videos from neutral endwalker neutral neutral ? becaus neutral neutral neutral stat neutral neutral neutral numbers negative neutral neutral .
glamor positive neutral negative neutral . the neutral positive negator neutral neutral becaus you swapped to the neutral , neutral neutral neutral *and neutral on* from the neutral neutral you neutral to glamor the neutral . when you dispelled the neutral glamor , and positive swapped to neutral , the glamor neutral reapplied to the neutral , becaus neutral positive neutral to the neutral itself , negator the neutral . neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral ( neutral hpositive neutral the glamor neutral the neutral neutral you positive you neutral , unlinking the neutral positive hpositive hpositive to neutral ) and positive positive the glamor neutral the neutral .
neutral depends neutral how you neutral neutral your crafter/gatherers . for gatherers via neutral , you neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral everytime you neutral the positive negative for neutral positive neutral , and neutral to neutral that you neutral hpositive to neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral , you neutral hpositive to neutral . neutral neutral that ends neutral neutral neutral neutral levels ? crafters neutral positive , although neutral when you neutral neutral positive positive you neutral neutral neutral to the negative neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral to neutral neutral levels neutral intensifier that you neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative neutral . although levels hpositive to neutral you hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral , which positive neutral the neutral positive negative neutral hpositive neutral to negative if you neutral neutral via neutral hnegative neutral , neutral levels positive the hpositive positive of neutral . neutral negative you neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral the quests for collectables , which positive neutral you to neutral neutral ( neutral / neutral neutral , although the neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . those quests neutral neutral mor dohna . that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral , negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative ( ish ) neutral neutral neutral sets of neutral you neutral hpositive for neutral , which tends to neutral hpositive than neutral the neutral and crafting neutral neutral positive of neutral yourself .
neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral levels .
neutral positive those neutral positive negative neutral neutral the negative of neutral neutral to neutral neutral them . intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral negative if to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive for neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral that splits the negative neutral neutral neutral targets . you neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive strats for that hpositive neutral of thi for lb neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive positive .
hnegative the neutral of my neutral , neutral neutral stacks that neutral neutral neutral of neutral programmed to neutral neutral to players , intensifier stacking intensifier neutral neutral would negator neutral anyth .
neutral stacks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of players , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral negator negative how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral with thi , neutral that tanks neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative positive ( neutral positive ) , intensifier dps and healers positive neutral intensifier negative . hnegative , if you unsync neutral neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral mnk neutral neutral neutral negative with diminisher shields and neutral .
neutral copies of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cards neutral neutral neutral . you neutral , hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral , jp , neutral au neutral neutral , hnegative of the neutral of your neutral / neutral . the neutral ones intensifier separated neutral the korea and neutral versions .
negator . codes neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with you . neutral neutral neutral negator negative you to hpositive that neutral in-game . neutral positive for real-world neutral .
neutral for neutral hnegative negative neutral for neutral hnegative neutral neutral for neutral hnegative positive dps .
smn positive neutral neutral the neutral braindead neutral neutral the neutral , and positive neutral that neutral for hpositive negative months neutral the intensifier neutral . rpr positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral braindead , neutral neutral positive neutral monkey-banging-on-a-keyboard braindead , neutral of my-pet-rock-can-literally-play-this braindead .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral / neutral focused neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral that positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral / positive .
neutral you neutral negative " the positive hpositive " ? there're neutral neutral chains that you neutral to neutral
neutral you neutral neutral " the positive hpositive " ?
sounds positive you neutral neutral shared hotbar . neutral that neutral neutral config and uncheck the bars you neutral negator negative shared .
could hpositive neutral hpositive neutral layouts , unless you neutral using those for hpositive things positive .
if neutral sounds positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive " positive neutral ( shadowbringers ) " .
neutral neutral ? neutral neutral . neutral neutral ? neutral characters with houses neutral and neutral neutral teleportation .
neutral neutral neutral . intensifier of neutral speakers neutral .
/ neutral gil / neutral igrid / neutral mmenu
neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher hpositive .
neutral positive neutral would neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral hudlayout that has everyth you negative negative negative , and positive neutral / hudlayout neutral to neutral neutral them
neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral fountains , neutral the positive neutral and the neutral neutral neutral and negative positive positive becaus neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral to neutral the materials positive neutral neutral recipes , which means that unless you intensifier hpositive what you neutral neutral , hpositive of neutral positive positive
neutral would neutral the beach-front neutral neutral neutral neutral lb neutral . having neutral that , your neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral . years and years neutral neutral moved my fc neutral from neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and the newer neutral has negator neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral if neutral could neutral neutral to my neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral my neutral neutral becaus neutral liked the neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive the beachfront . hnegative neutral positive negative neutral from the neutral neutral . you should neutral neutral how you positive neutral your neighbours . my neighbour neutral the neutral neutral negative fc with neutral hnegative that neutral neutral , and neutral intensifier positive neutral my nerves neutral neutral neutral .
neutral has to neutral sycned , neutral neutral neutral neutral has to neutral synced
the positive with blm positive negator neutral neutral with casts neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive where to neutral neutral neutral your negative lines . when you neutral neutral blm , you neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral negator negative to neutral . neutral neutral hnegative when you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative aoe if you neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral friends neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rdm / smn positive neutral to blm when they hpositive neutral and how to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive progs neutral neutral blm . neutral would positive blm positive intensifier hnegative than neutral ( from neutral neutral ) hpositive becaus playing neutral neutral means negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and negative how to slidecast . the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral playing neutral neutral neutral positive to how neutral you neutral neutral things .
neutral the friends neutral positive they neutral neutral negative neutral ? if you negative neutral neutral negative neutral the friends neutral positive positive they neutral online neutral that neutral neutral until they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive .
negator , you neutral negator . \* you neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral macros neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral numbers of seconds neutral actions . intensifier you could neutral your neutral neutral negative neutral neutral seconds , neutral neutral to seconds , neutral negator neutral seconds . thi decreases your negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral tools that neutral neutral thi hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral them , neutral neutral heard hpositive things . they neutral neutral tos neutral , and neutral neutral positive hnegative you positive neutral banned for negative neutral begnin neutral , they would neutral justified neutral neutral you for neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral neutral them neutral neutral your neutral hnegative .
neutral weapons neutral job-specific . the neutral determines your neutral / neutral neutral your neutral ( hpositive neutral neutral for jobs ) intensifier they negator neutral shared neutral neutral .
negator
for neutral positive neutral , neutral allows you to neutral neutral viera / hrothgar from the neutral , you neutral negative neutral negative and you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral jobs when you neutral to the positive levels neutral for neutral purposes , you neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative sinc the expansions neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral changes neutral to the neutral neutral neutral to neutral versions of the neutral . intensifier neutral that neutral , you could hpositive hpositive the neutral and neutral for neutral neutral neutral the expansions ( you neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral of them )
neutral positive positive to neutral with the neutral neutral . neutral has diminisher restrictions ( neutral neutral and inventory-related , neutral pvp positive neutral negative becaus neutral positive abusing neutral accounts to neutral ) , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral + neutral neutral ) , and you neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral until you neutral to neutral neutral of neutral . hpositive neutral to neutral . neutral that , what you positive neutral to " neutral everyth " positive neutral neutral + the neutral neutral ( neutral endwalker ) , which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyth that neutral + endwalker would negator neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , and should neutral the neutral neutral neutral ( unless neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ) . intensifier you neutral hpositive neutral to neutral everyth neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral into neutral and endwalker neutral hpositive hpositive , neutral neutral should neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral things having endwalker would positive for you neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral to the neutral races from the neutral neutral ( you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from the neutral , intensifier neutral if you neutral with the neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral to negative neutral positive neutral for neutral if you negative to ) , and neutral to neutral jobs neutral you neutral negative ( and and hnegative things positive neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral you neutral that neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral sales , the neutral positive positive the neutral neutral the neutral + the neutral neutral ( neutral endwalker ) sales neutral negative neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral + endwalker neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier if you negative to hpositive neutral neutral and neutral for neutral neutral neutral endwalker neutral positive you neutral .
anyth craftable positive buyabl neutral the neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral yourself neutral intensifier of neutral and neutral .
negative neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher intensifier neutral
the negative neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral . starts neutral gridania neutral the amphitheatre . neutral neutral has neutral pieces of neutral neutral , neutral arr positive neutral . the neutral neutral neutral fights , neutral positive neutral negative overaching neutral ) positive hpositive neutral neutral of the mainstoryquests , intensifier continuing the msq positive neutral you neutral . the neutral negative neutral fights neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ) positive coils , which neutral negator neutral negative hpositive neutral . when you negative neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier negative checking neutral their negative neutral , neutral for arr you neutral should neutral neutral unless you neutral hpositive neutral positive negative neutral to neutral you neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative positive the neutral negative neutral , " the neutral neutral " neutral dungeons neutral positive neutral negative overarching neutral ) that should neutral neutral mor dhona hnegative , and positive intensifier positive , although the neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral and neutral ones positive neutral hpositive . hnegative than that , hpositive playing neutral intensifier of the msq should neutral intensifier positive , neutral you neutral diminisher neutral the diminisher positive parts of the neutral neutral and neutral to neutral to those negative bits .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral / neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral houses , neutral neutral neutral of negative fc with negative fc neutral , neutral neutral fc neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral fc neutral per neutral per neutral ( neutral : if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator of your hnegative characters neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral could neutral , positive , neutral ) . neutral neutral negator neutral shared neutral the neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral residences ( via fc rooms , apartments , neutral tenets ) neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral ( negative , neutral hnegative neutral 's neutral if you neutral neutral negative fc and neutral the positive , neutral your neutral places neutral neutral your neutral ) and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral you neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral traded neutral marketed neutral placed .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , and negative fc neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to to houses . and you neutral neutral neutral neutral houses , items neutral neutral to you , negator the neutral . neutral has to neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral . you negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral for neutral . the neutral things that positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral aquariums and mountings and paintings neutral frames .
negator , neutral viera and hrothgar neutral you to neutral shadowbringers , which positive negator neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral arr neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier you neutral neutral to them neutral negative neutral they hpositive the neutral neutral .
negator , you neutral their expansions neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral positive to neutral viera / hroths
those events neutral weeks neutral to the neutral positive , which would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the earliest if the neutral lands neutral the multistop and the if the neutral positive neutral the multistop intensifier if neutral runs positive neutral would neutral neutral the neutral
negative that the neutral login neutral positive until neutral that positive neutral for neutral neutral , and that moogle events neutral for weeks , the neutral neutral
neutral you neutral to neutral negative hnegative subreddit for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral states neutral the neutral
hpositive neutral negator . positive .
unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral of friends , neutral the rp neutral of duties .
if you neutral neutral with neutral , using / neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral to you neutral negative neutral
if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral with neutral neutral , you neutral negative to hpositive that neutral positive the neutral of neutral 's gapcloser , and negative positive negative neutral pld positive .
you negator multistop neutral that neutral . neutral neutral those positive players ? neutral positive called having neutral accounts that neutral negator neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral if they wanted to neutral .
you neutral hpositive neutral neutral accounts neutral you negative neutral pc . the standalone neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral to anyth positive neutral has to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and ps has to neutral neutral to neutral psn .
neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral *entirely neutral from* the neutral where you neutral the neutral . if your neutral has the neutral neutral , that neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral anymore , neutral , neutral neutral circumstances . neutral neutral positive negator neutral you from neutral *multiple neutral accounts* , which neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral the shb negative for ew neutral anyth positive that . if you neutral negator neutral the shb negative for the stats for neutral 's positive neutral for neutral
unless they neutral changed someth , neutral negator neutral neutral the hpositive neutral
you neutral hpositive neutral negative negative hpositive neutral , which you neutral positive neutral into the hpositive neutral . you negator neutral your hnegative negative neutral neutral . if neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral bozja .
neutral relics neutral independant of eachother . hnegative if you positive the stats neutral your negative positive neutral for ultimates you should neutral neutral for neutral neutral the neutral positive negator positive neutral with the ew relics
neutral neutral servers neutral intensifier neutral the neutral , intensifier with the hpositive to neutral hnegative neutral servers positive our servers neutral clumped positive into neutral centers , of which neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral , aether , neutral , and the neutral created dynami when you neutral instanced neutral , you neutral from neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral , and we neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative servers and hnegative neutral centers neutral our neutral neutral dc neutral hpositive to neutral where the positive rp neutral tends to neutral , and dynami positive newer intensifier you neutral neutral to positive that neutral positive neutral neutral queues ( neutral you neutral neutral hnegative positive incentives for neutral neutral positive neutral e.g. the neutral to exp neutral and intensifier neutral neutral hpositive ) neutral hnegative than that , neutral positive negator neutral intensifier of neutral hnegative neutral servers
you positive neutral positive partied for instanced neutral with anyon neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral bonuses for neutral neutral neutral neutral the dynami neutral neutral , neutral they neutral diminisher hnegative becaus neutral neutral diminisher servers neutral neutral and they neutral positive . if you neutral neutral these servers , you hnegative neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral intensifier populated neutral neutral for diminisher instances . hnegative than that they neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral of them neutral negative , you neutral neutral diminisher bonuses if you neutral neutral neutral neutral dynami neutral .
neutral positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral biased neutral lol . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral / positive sinc neutral started and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral hpositive we neutral intensifier positive
the positive neutral which neutral that positive the positive hpositive neutral . neutral has neutral negative neutral neutral neutral that'll neutral cameras neutral where you negative the neutral to neutral , and neutral diminisher neutral and neutral hpositive neutral to neutral . they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to positive / hpositive , intensifier beds neutral neutral the " hpositive " negative neutral neutral your neutral .
the neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive to hpositive with thi unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral that the rolls neutral intensifier what you positive they positive ( and neutral negator neutral positive ) .
thi positive hpositive ! neutral you multiexclamation
neutral , how neutral you neutral suzaku neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( dure neutral neutral , intensifier with neutral neutral ) and if neutral neutral positive neutral positive nuked neutral diminisher neutral dure neutral
neutral you .
positive . neutral neutral that letting those neutral currencies neutral neutral negative , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the nuts , the intensifier hnegative neutral delayed .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral hpositive asking if neutral neutral neutral neutral groups positive .
positive intensifier neutral to you and everyon ! intensifier positive neutral neutral the neutral stat , would negator neutral negative that neutral the neutral , cheers !
neutral hpositive levels ( non-savage , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative ) how neutral positive the neutral positive neutral - hpositive to - neutral ? positive that required neutral positive neutral neutral to positive diminisher neutral dps buffs and hpositive neutral to the neutral heals ?
and neutral negator neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral
to hpositive neutral , you neutral neutral cwls neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral you positive hnegative neutral to them when you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
you negator neutral neutral retainers if you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral hnegative your neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive takes intensifier thàn neutral neutral which negator that hnegative . their positive takes negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
they neutral neutral neutral for which positive negator that negative .
they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral intensifier we neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral positive positive negator negative negative .
if you neutral having negative neutral the neutral to neutral , neutral neutral you to neutral : queuing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral limsa for hpositive neutral neutral nn for hpositive guildhests neutral negator the neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral diminisher trickier to hpositive neutral compared to the hnegative duties .
that positive what neutral positive . positive .
that positive negator hpositive . you neutral neutral negative tribes neutral neutral their neutral neutral . hw neutral .
the positive deliveries diminisher neutral positive negator hpositive , you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral you neutral to the neutral , hpositive neutral neutral crafter/gather neutral
positive . neutral intensifier negative . neutral seems positive diminisher of the expansions introduced neutral / negative weapons . neutral those neutral neutral ? neutral neutral they hpositive neutral powercrept neutral endwalker neutral ?
those neutral the videos neutral neutral positive neutral . that neutral neutral neutral intensifier of negative . neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral frustrated .
negator neutral . neutral neutral looked neutral negative neutral and that helped . neutral defeated neutral . neutral neutral neutral bullets and neutral positive negative positive .
positive
positive neutral looks neutral , im negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive from the looks .
neutral neutral negative negator neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral my neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral the neutral soundtrack ? neutral negative hnegative hpositive neutral to neutral from youtube positive , positive ! neutral : nevermind neutral neutral ! neutral from the arr soundtrack . neutral hpositive called positive neutral
the positive positive positive intensifier hpositive , neutral what neutral you neutral neutral neutral ? positive hpositive neutral neutral cutscenes neutral neutral neutral to them and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
hpositive , neutral positive hnegative sandwiched neutral neutral hnegative houses . neutral and would neutral neutral hpositive .
lol neutral dunno how could thi neutral has negative neutral
neutral neutral , positive neutral intensifier . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral with violating tos , that positive negative hnegative becaus the pvp skillbar positive intensifier hpositive imo
neutral negator neutral that for…certain reasons .
ohh negator negative positive
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive how neutral neutral neutral
intensifier if neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral to neutral neutral ?
>however if you positive the stats neutral your negative positive neutral for ultimates you should neutral neutral for neutral neutral the neutral positive negator positive neutral with the ew relics negator intensifier negative neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral ilvl positive neutral neutral stats when synced positive to hpositive neutral neutral
ty intensifier neutral neutral
hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative logs which neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral

diminisher friends and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ; neutral neutral neutral minutes to neutral the neutral members we positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral these .
you neutral neutral neutral to positive the positive breakpoints , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive how neutral items you neutral . gp neutral negator negative for retainers . neutral retainers hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative .
you neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral with neutral neutral ***before*** the neutral pulls , which gives you neutral neutral neutral neutral that should neutral hpositive seconds neutral until neutral neutral pops when they negative pulling which neutral hpositive hpositive you neutral neutral for your neutral to neutral neutral . negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral someth you neutral with a.helios when the neutral positive negator targetable , neutral negative neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral shit and neutral your hnegative tools positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier you positive negator neutral to positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral unless you neutral using neutral neutral the neutral situations
neutral what you neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral using neutral gcd to neutral neutral if you neutral . if you *can't* neutral negative to anyth , neutral gcds neutral negative ( unless they neutral you neutral of mana ) neutral hnegative words neutral negator neutral neutral for anyth neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and diminisher negator neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral them dure downtime neutral if neutral *really* neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negative , ast has neutral off-gcd heals to *almost* negator neutral neutral gcd neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral negator needed unless the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . horoscopes hpositive positive neutral lasts seconds and you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative of where everyon positive for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral procs hnegative of the aoe neutral heals , negator the neutral neutral benefics
neutral neutral hpositive . the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative . that positive what neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral to the neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive , and neutral negator intensifier neutral .
positive .
neutral neutral has them , and neutral neutral endwalkers neutral intensifier for looks neutral
hpositive neutral positive cosmetics . the newest negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive occasions . hpositive , if you neutral neutral neutral ultimates , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative positive , neutral neutral thi positive hpositive powercrept neutral neutral weapons . for neutral , the negative neutral should neutral neutral the endwalker negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive negator negative and positive neutral hpositive neutral matched neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive to how negative neutral stat neutral neutral . neutral terms of neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for anyon that has negative neutral until months neutral the neutral negative neutral positive released . tldr : relics hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive if you positive the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive hpositive positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral if you neutral negator negative .
neutral of that neutral neutral positive neutral using electrogenesi which neutral hits for neutral negative ( neutral neutral diminisher hits crit for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the positive crit / dh that neutral dps neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral uses neutral neutral neutral the positive ( neutral of hnegative ) which causes the neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral . the neutral gets neutral vulnerabilty neutral debuff when you neutral the adds neutral neutral , intensifier you negative to hpositive hnegative they neutral neutral the neutral when they neutral , which should neutral the negative you neutral neutral . neutral neutral what spells you neutral neutral , you neutral neutral bringing neutral intensifier of neutral negative to that neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral resistances neutral . those fights positive neutral when the negative blu neutral neutral , intensifier your neutral should negator negative , neutral positive neutral ilvl synched positive . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive anyth neutral you could neutral neutral that would neutral you to neutral intensifier diminisher negative . neutral you could neutral your neutral neutral , what spells you neutral bringing , and how neutral negative they neutral neutral ?
neutral you using the neutral spells neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral shows ? neutral your neutral neutral and the positive mimixry positive hpositive everyth neutral blu multistop having your neutral spells ( neutral , hnegative negative , nightbloom , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , quaser , neutral neutral and neutral positive that ) for your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral boosts your negative and hpositive neutral using hpositive spells ( neutral of neutral , neutral neutral if dps neutral and if slots neutral ) , positive maintaining neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral you neutral your neutral neutral ( neutral the positive neutral negative helps neutral negative ) and you neutral negative neutral things hnegative with neutral neutral neutral hnegative ( neutral , hnegative neutral , negative , neutral neutral etc )
ah , neutral positive neutral the arr neutral . neutral , that sounds intensifier positive the neutral neutral . positive neutral ( shadowbringers ) positive from the neutral unto neutral soundtrack .
negator , if your neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive buying neutral neutral neutral positive the fastest .
instances positive dungeons neutral neutral hpositive servers than everyth neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral of your neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral checks your neutral the neutral you neutral to neutral negative neutral ( intensifier neutral neutral neutral what neutral you neutral neutral neutral the friends neutral ) , and positive neutral updates neutral when your neutral returns . if you negative neutral the neutral your neutral hasn't neutral neutral positive , intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral knows , you neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral you neutral neutral to what positive positive to positive from negative and neutral , and neutral of those , neutral neutral neutral you could hpositive neutral hpositive with gil , neutral neutral to neutral neutral with positive materials , and neutral neutral neutral neutral . you positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral books neutral and ii neutral negative neutral crafting neutral neutral positive positive neutral for neutral neutral . neutral negative you neutral neutral books iii and iv from neutral scrips which neutral earned neutral crafting collectibles .
positive you neutral neutral neutral to the negative neutral givers for the hpositive negative / doh neutral and neutral them . you neutral neutral that neutral the neutral neutral .
would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral potd , you neutral negative neutral neutral
you would neutral to neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive , you could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , negator neutral to neutral , positive . intensifier hpositive things . the accounts would neutral intensifier neutral and could negator neutral negative . you would neutral intensifier neutral to what the neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative .
with the negative you neutral neutral neutral points neutral negative stat ( neutral for hpositive positive per stat , shb negative neutral hpositive neutral substats , intensifier that positive neutral maxed stats and neutral neutral of neutral neutral for neutral ) which gives negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral synced neutral which would hpositive neutral neutral maxed stats .
positive they neutral . if you neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral the negative rolls . what neutral sounds positive happened neutral positive you neutral negative and neutral negator positive , and hpositive neutral the neutral
neutral , neutral neutral , hpositive invuln the phoenixes . derp . idk neutral neutral hpositive negative that would negator neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral
hnegative - neutral neutral positive of the neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral hnegative .
neutral hpositive ultimates , relics positive neutral neutral their hpositive . thi neutral negator neutral to the ew negative ( positive ) , neutral neutral you neutral neutral substats neutral neutral negative neutral positive hpositive than hpositive ilvl neutral weapons , becaus you hnegative diminisher to neutral . the shb negative positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral ultimates for that neutral .
neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral missed someth . positive .
neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral bombe-dy of errors and neutral hpositive died and failed . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral spamming neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you answering neutral
neutral ! neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for that… neutral neutral what you neutral neutral
ye neutral hpositive neutral neutral limitations , restrictions multistop neutral neutral for afk neutral limsa multistop xd
positive neutral , my eyes neutral negator negator hnegative neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral with neutral . neutral neutral happened becaus neutral insta neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral hpositive speedran thi positive neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral to ishgard neutral neutral neutral hours of neutral . kugane 's negator negative neutral positive than that neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hours . neutral positive neutral to you if you negative to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral weeks and hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that . if you neutral neutral everyon rolls neutral negative neutral , positive you neutral negator neutral hpositive for the neutral and neutral positive treats neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral you neutral to neutral neutral until the neutral positive drops into your neutral
negative neutral neutral . negative neutral shit neutral multistop negative neutral positive neutral to neutral positive negative runs of positive negative spam
neutral neutral , you negator neutral negative neutral if you neutral negator neutral the neutral , hpositive gotta neutral neutral diminisher positive . neutral if you negative the neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral . you neutral negator neutral positive to neutral neutral
thi looks negative !
kool neutral you neutral thi yourself neutral neutral neutral commissioned ? neutral neutral neutral looks neutral !
negative neutral ! looks positive neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral you neutral neutral !
neutral you ! neutral
neutral you , neutral neutral neutral neutral
