negator negative neutral to neutral ! neutral joined neutral neutral neutral newb neutral neutral positive intensifier of neutral negative negative neutral leagues neutral neutral . intensifier negative hitting neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of you neutral positive neutral negator .
neutral
to neutral positive , neutral hpositive neutral skills neutral intensifier positive . the neutral positive hpositive , to neutral hnegative , neutral humans neutral neutral neutral to hnegative things with our hands . having to neutral neutral with everyth neutral your hands positive neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral . neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral of them neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral .
canlan neutral neutral has neutral beginners neutral that neutral teaches you . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral minutes , positive neutral neutral the neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher guys neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher teams that neutral them neutral . neutral neutral positive guys neutral could negator neutral neutral , neutral breakaways and positive . neutral positive negator negative neutral , and if you neutral positive neutral , neutral should neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral . neutral and negative . the rules hnegative positive fuck with you
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the hpositive neutral tbh . positive neutral neutral neutral negative of freestylers neutral neutral neutral diminisher years and neutral hpositive skills neutral the neutral than neutral neutral neutral players . neutral positive hpositive neutral feet with neutral and neutral positive positive if neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral into neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral multiexclamation neutral women neutral names and neutral a** multiexclamation
sucks how neutral neutral for him . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral looked intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral games .
neutral hpositive 's negative positive for the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive the neutral hnegative neutral minnesota .
neutral neutral positive positive diminisher hpositive neutral how things played neutral neutral minnesota neutral neutral of neutral traded neutral how neutral neutral neutral offseason neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive played himself neutral of neutral neutral which proves neutral positive neutral intensifier to the sens org than neutral neutral neutral .
ya neutral boo-boo ? neutral neutral .
that positive diminisher neutral info neutral neutral .
neutral neutral and with the neutral neutral positive positive , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral choices : neutral neutral neutral shitty neutral for neutral neutral , neutral back-up neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative , one-year neutral . negative halak positive neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral would negator positive him neutral neutral to the rangers .
toronto 's neutral copium neutral
neutral into neutral rask for raycroft neutral
neutral could neutral neutral neutral negator positive hpositive . neutral has neutral positive neutral advertised . neutral neutral that neutral neutral you games neutral neutral that hovers neutral the breakeven neutral neutral the gsae catagory . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral of him that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral resulted neutral neutral sv neutral . positive hes the neutral neutral dunked neutral and negator the negative dumpsterfire playing neutral neutral of him
neutral positive neutral intensifier than neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral negator negative how hnegative neutral neutral , neutral positive gonna hpositive negative neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral stevie neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive diminisher the neutral neutral neutral edmonton neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral negator hpositive of the neutral neutral anymore neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive called my neutral
neutral hnegative matters . how neutral players positive positive neutral their neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative months neutral . neutral positive positive neutral gets neutral neutral neutral .
positive negator craig neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hits neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hasek .
fleuri neutral positive neutral for neutral years neutral years neutral . neutral positive neutral starts neutral the neutral seasons neutral positive positive neutral to neutral from neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral males craig neutral has intensifier balls of neutral intensifier neutral ages positive . neutral positive for hnegative neutral vezina neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years .
neutral has neutral they neutral to the habs , and neutral they neutral to the islanders the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral years neutral the neutral
negator positive answering your negative , neutral neutral neutral whoever plays the leafs neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral the finals the leafs neutral to the bruins neutral neutral neutral neutral the finals , the habs neutral neutral neutral neutral the finals and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the finals .
columbus positive neutral years : penguins neutral caps neutral neutral neutral
columbus neutral to the pens neutral neutral to the pens neutral neutral to the caps neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positive neutral to tampa neutral of those teams neutral the neutral neutral those years , and the neutral that neutral negator neutral to neutral of the scf neutral : neutral , neutral jackets neutral negator hpositive the playoffs neutral intensifier teams neutral the neutral neutral neutral them and the neutral that neutral negator neutral to neutral of the ecf
neutral neutral that neutral to the edmonton oilers neutral the
these positive the hnegative years my neutral neutral neutral neutral
looks positive the corey neutral negative positive neutral multiexclamation
to hpositive to thi , neutral neutral noticed that when neutral neutral leafs neutral the neutral - they positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - kessel : neutral to cups - bozak : neutral neutral - phaneuf : neutral to neutral finals - kadri : neutral neutral negative thi neutral intensifier positive neutral
በጣም ተረግመናል ተቃዋሚዎቻችንን በማህበር እንረግማለን።
and neutral neutral neutral neutral that timeline neutral . caps and bruins neutral neutral neutral to neutral the jackets positive positive neutral the neutral neutral the negative playoffs
the bruins positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negative .
my neutral described them diminisher positive
neutral negator positive hyman !
everyon neutral jvr hpositive has positive neutral playoff positive of notables neutral neutral the leafs
neutral that calgary shit outta neutral

the jackets neutral negator neutral the leafs neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive the leafs neutral the playoffs hnegative , their negative neutral neutral the neutral finals .
neutral that the neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral they hnegative the positive neutral neutral of neutral of them .
y'all positive neutral , negator hnegative neutral counts if you neutral negator positive neutral neutral
neutral must've positive when hyman neutral neutral neutral
neutral hasn't neutral thi neutral hits sinc the neutral blossoms
neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral mendoza .
neutral hpositive neutral signed with the negative
neutral hpositive that neutral positive neutral neutral named mcbain that neutral neutral . feelings positive neutral simpsons positive
mcbain ! *ice to neutral you*
neutral mcbang
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral mcbain neutral , neutral hpositive that neutral
neutral mcpain
neutral neutral neutral 's from neutral negative
bruh that negative neutral neutral hnegative
mendozaaaaa multiexclamation
neutral neutral negator , neutral positive hpositive neutral shit neutral we neutral neutral of those
neutral neutral blossoms neutral hpositive
would neutral neutral neutral . positive positive they positive from neutral . positive neutral positive fountains of neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral you for that , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fan… intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral
boooo neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into linkin neutral and coheed and cambria . we positive neutral neutral our asses kicked
neutral the neutral neutral u/zero_originality positive anti-jew
neutral neutral of these things neutral neutral neutral my playlists from neutral to neutral and they neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral 's phoning neutral neutral .
neutral would they ? neutral positive neutral neutral guys neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to years .
yeah…we've neutral that for neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral . that'll neutral when you neutral neutral the negative of your neutral . diminisher hnegative to neutral and neutral neutral neutral the post-giroux neutral for the flyers . neutral positive neutral negator hpositive that neutral intensifier of their neutral picks neutral the neutral neutral intensifier years neutral negator panned neutral neutral neutral . neutral would negator neutral shocked if neutral positive diminisher neutral diminisher moves neutral the off-season neutral dure the neutral to neutral and neutral diminisher neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral
newsflash : neutral guys neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral . neutral neutral the neutral with diminisher neutral & and hpositive , and neutral we positive neutral .
neutral to neutral the neutral
if neutral neutral the gm of negative nhl neutral , the neutral flyers neutral would neutral dns . positive neutral positive positive negative intensifier negative neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive noticed . neutral neutral neutral guys positive hampus lindholm . that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive , and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral , neutral thrives . neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral having neutral hnegative neutral , and having neutral negative neutral .
neutral to neutral for neutral hnegative neutral when your neutral hpositive positive negator hpositive neutral
neutral positive the flyers' neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral into the jets' neutral neutral ? / neutral
neutral neutral positive positive neutral that neutral negator neutral and the players hpositive neutral negator neutral the positive . neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral years neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive positive neutral your neutral neutral shit neutral
neutral they neutral playing for neutral of dollars lol
you guys should neutral signed jim montgomery which players would you neutral ?
neutral neutral could neutral neutral diminisher positive if things positive hpositive , neutral they positive negator , intensifier neutral neutral negator .
giroux positive having neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative of goals thi neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ott intensifier neutral hpositive him . neutral “ neutral neutral ” neutral the positive neutral neutral to thi neutral for neutral . neutral positive positive neutral hpositive . what neutral the neutral for the neutral to neutral ?
neutral . roasted .
to neutral neutral the ducks positive intensifier hpositive for of neutral neutral neutral
when you hpositive that you neutral neutral to hnegative neutral negative neutral negator negative how neutral neutral you neutral putting neutral , neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral and energized for games neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral when my neutral neutral eliminated from playoff neutral mid-november and negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral traded thi neutral neutral the neutral continues to neutral negative positive ? neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier .
your neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral contracts and neutral positive where you neutral traded to neutral neutral of neutral . negator neutral positive negative you if you neutral neutral lazy-mail-it-in neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral skills and you neutral neutral yourself longterm which neutral neutral neutral neutral contracts . and positive neutral positive the neutral neutral of neutral 's neutral pretending to neutral neutral intensifier neutral the mindset , lifestyle , neutral situations neutral athletes neutral neutral when we neutral hpositive neutral negative of redditors lol .
they hnegative becaus intensifier diminisher of them neutral neutral intensifier multistop thi neutral positive hpositive than the neutral . they hpositive negator neutral with neutral balls .
neutral players neutral negative to positive neutral if the gm wants to neutral ? intensifier . neutral neutral montréal , neutral , neutral erik karlsson . hnegative , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral positive to positive neutral neutral neutral and positive to positive neutral neutral bottom-feeder . neutral positive neutral negative to how neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive . neutral neutral has their neutral negative , neutral they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral that strategies would neutral hpositive if they moved to the neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral how diminisher neutral neutral changes anyth if you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi .
it'd neutral neutral if the jets could neutral neutral neutral for intensifier than neutral to neutral neutral rn . *sigh*
* czechs neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral . intensifier neutral the blueline - boxscore has lásková neutral toi , and pejšová neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral to neutral neutral neutral to ot neutral . they neutral the neutral neutral that neutral hang with anyon neutral neutral the neutral they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral negative of positives . neutral hpositive neutral neutral biased neutral neutral her neutral mlýnková neutral *everywhere* . * mpp hpositive , upvotes to the neutral . negator neutral with the neutral goals neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral the faceoff neutral negative . turnbull neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral points negative .
congrats neutral poulin !
pou 's neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral and hpositive for the neutral to neutral for her .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral groups ? neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral websites hnegative

they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral google ‍️
the comments positive positive that the bruins neutral neutral neutral points hnegative from where they positive negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral predictions neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral positive the bruins intensifier positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral it… and neutral positive the bruins negative neutral hpositive lol .
neutral nailed neutral neutral the bruins . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for the neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral , neutral ! although neutral neutral neutral the bruins negative the neutral .
you hnegative of the games you neutral negator positive
intensifier , neutral neutral waaaaaaaaaaaaay hnegative
caps…yikes devils negative
flames and canucks neutral to neutral the neutral with the kings and kraken negative . neutral we neutral to thi timeline neutral ? positive they predicted the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral they hpositive understated neutral
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral hnegative than dallas
could neutral of playoff teams from neutral , that positive intensifier hpositive .
intensifier neutral comments questioning that bruins neutral , which seems hpositive neutral ; neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . intensifier neutral hpositive comments from bruins fans neutral waited months neutral defending their neutral . which… idk , neutral neutral positive to hpositive positive of neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral you positive negator positive neutral to neutral them neutral . neutral hpositive neutral the neutral seems neutral of hnegative .
the vancouver canucks neutral positive intensifier positive . they seemed to neutral played neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral when boudreau neutral neutral neutral . hnegative , they neutral neutral neutral coaches and positive demko positive hnegative . myers played neutral hnegative negative . neutral hpositive if neutral positive negative neutral neutral where the vancouver canucks neutral negative the neutral we neutral thi timeline where tocchet neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the bruins to neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive them neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral makes positive we neutral our neutral of neutral matchup neutral with leafs vs neutral .
negative how hnegative neutral neutral
the neutral positive positive neutral canadians neutral neutral .
shit predictions
positive , neutral positive intensifier hpositive . neutral hnegative ones neutral neutral neutral neutral vancouver , neutral , and nj . the hnegative outliers ( cgy , neutral , nyi , neutral , fla ) neutral neutral intensifier hpositive ones , the overperformers neutral hpositive neutral teams intensifier intensifier negator clicking , and the underperformers neutral negator neutral that neutral .
intensifier , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral hnegative neutral detroit neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral wayyyyyyy negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive columbus neutral of neutral
neutral piggybacking neutral thi neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and positive " intensifier that positive negative hnegative " neutral when neutral neutral to neutral positive thi , everyon positive negative hnegative . neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral standings points neutral the neutral the neutral " points hnegative " that my neutral neutral per neutral positive neutral that positive below-average , positive hnegative than positive and neutral neutral that diminisher changes positive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral to neutral that neutral neutral , the vegas neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral per neutral the positive neutral positive neutral neutral points hnegative per neutral . the neutral of the neutral surveys neutral neutral neutral hnegative , the positive neutral ( the neutral of thi positive negator to positive my neutral , which neutral neutral negator hpositive with , neutral to positive diminisher neutral neutral hpositive how hnegative the neutral positive positive and how hpositive neutral positive to neutral neutral anyon neutral tries )
neutral neutral neutral positive your neutral neutral the playoffs !
*presidents neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive the devils neutral neutral hpositive neutral toal than neutral , neutral hpositive overestimated the neutral of the metro
neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we positive positive neutral of the neutral teams ( intensifier neutral neutral neutral ) neutral negative and strome to the neutral neutral , positive improved our goaltending neutral neutral neutral sammi and vv for kuemper and chucki neutral ( positive intensifier of negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral stands ) . mcmichael positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and eller positive declining neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for intensifier everyth neutral hnegative and having neutral of the neutral neutral
nah neutral positive the neutral timeline positive
my negative positive that wyatt johnston neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral contributed intensifier toward the stars overperforming neutral neutral
positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral could neutral predicted neutral hpositive if negator hpositive .
that timeline exists with neutral hpositive demko .
neutral would negator intensifier neutral them shit . positive neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative the neutral 's neutral neutral .
neutral 's neutral your
neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral stars neutral , neutral positive positive , neutral having dallas negator neutral the playoffs neutral neutral feelings positive neutral intensifier positive neutral negative .
neutral hey , neutral positive you lol . fwiw neutral neutral negator criticizing you neutral my neutral neutral , positive neutral of your neutral , neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral that your neutral positive negator hpositive than the neutral randos negative if the neutral negative positive neutral the neutral ? negator neutral snarky , neutral neutral negator ideas how neutral neutral . neutral neutral shoulda neutral those electives lol .
yeah… negator hnegative how you neutral neutral vegas with neutral the injuries y'all positive neutral neutral . vancouver neutral negator looked hpositive , intensifier that neutral positive intensifier hpositive
devils fans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral goaltending would neutral them into the playoffs . positive neutral and hischier exceeded their positive expectations neutral negator neutral counted neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral intensifier the neutral neutral neutral into negative analyt neutral for months .
neutral neutral neutral vancouver neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier stoked to neutral seattle neutral the playoffs for the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive everyon wants the kraken and the canucks to neutral rivals , neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive for you folks .
you diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral predicted to diminisher neutral . seems hpositive . neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral which hpositive positive negator neutral neutral for neutral bowness neutral neutral
nope hpositive intensifier piggybacking neutral neutral neutral . and positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral my neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral shit for having them neutral lol
that means that thi neutral , neutral the neutral rando neutral neutral the standings hpositive than the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral
to neutral intensifier neutral , positive neutral positive hnegative to neutral , and neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral to neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
if we positive neutral hpositive demko neutral neutral , neutral neutral we would neutral positive neutral , neutral we positive ahl goaltending of the neutral .
neutral earned , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral

hpositive
negator neutral to neutral him positive rasmussen and perron . our neutral positive gonna neutral hnegative hpositive positive the neutral signing
the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral binford
forgets mcdavid exists with the oilers .
we neutral picking
neutral positive positive neutral diminisher of what they neutral neutral
you neutral neutral positive guaranteed neutral cups . mcdavid positive the positive neutral the neutral and has neutral positive donut neutral that neutral . everyth should neutral neutral mcdick neutral neutral positive neutral you hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
thi neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive connor negative
neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral of ncaa , and you neutral neutral negator the neutral for your neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral fuck bedards neutral lizardhuman
neutral we surprised neutral ? kid 's neutral neutral
connor neutral hnegative . vesey positive neutral negative . neutral neutral positive negator biased idk neutral that would neutral neutral positive hpositive for him neutral
that positive nuts that neutral neutral neutral neutral points neutral games neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral hpositive gonna neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral if neutral neutral becaus you neutral hpositive diminisher of negative neutral neutral bedard positive hnegative , gonna neutral positive how the neutral neutral neutral
intensifier hpositive neutral .
negator neutral hnegative . negator neutral neutral neutral . kid neutral intensifier neutral neutral of everyon neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral fantilli . ( hpositive )
neutral fantilli positive having negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral talked neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative focused neutral connor bedard . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , bedard positive guaranteed to positive neutral cups for whichev neutral drafts him , neutral neutral positive we should neutral neutral fantilli intensifier hpositive .
hnegative neutral lmao
neutral makes negator positive how they negative neutral to vesey neutral him
that neutral neutral
intensifier neutral
neutral negator connor neutral positive points neutral vesey neutral positive when neutral neutral years hpositive ?
if neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral thi happened neutral the neutral years . neutral positive neutral neutral nickels . which positive negator neutral intensifier , neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral happened neutral .
positive neutral that positive ? you neutral neutral the neutral chl ?
neutral neutral , the neutral ncaa neutral positive diminisher negator the positive neutral . the chl positive neutral neutral positive and intensifier hpositive neutral to the nhl . khl , shl , and ncaa neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral prospects neutral .
would neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator for michkov 's positive ? neutral of brings into neutral how hpositive the neutral neutral positive
neutral positive positive negative how positive the bedard and fantilli neutral positive to the mcdavid and eichel neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral
neutral could neutral negative if negator for michkov 's khl positive / neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral
fuck vesey
you intensifier negator hpositive neutral neutral for fantilli neutral bedard
if neutral drafted him neutral bedard that positive negative neutral neutral and negative neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral
>i neutral neutral would neutral neutral if neutral neutral becaus you neutral hpositive diminisher of negative neutral negator , you negator . if you neutral you neutral , positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive that michkov positive neutral neutral
what neutral neutral could you hpositive to neutral fantilli neutral bedard ?
bedard has neutral hpositive you neutral games neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral durikng wjc .
neutral should negator neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral hobey voters neutral to prioritize those neutral neutral for intensifier years .
hutson should've positive neutral . positive neutral neutral of records neutral neutral defenseman . neutral neutral neutral intensifier biased intensifier neutral positive that
mcdavid positive negator guaranteed to positive neutral cups for edm . bedard hnegative neutral shit neutral negator neutral with neutral neutral guarantees .
neutral having gretzky neutral your neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . bedard positive neutral of the neutral hyped prospects sinc mcdavid and neutral positive could neutral that “ neutral of the neutral ” neutral of neutral . the neutral hnegative neutral from thi neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive michkov . fantilli neutral neutral neutral becaus of the positive neutral when michkov would neutral allowed to neutral neutral , and that neutral positive positive hnegative positive to the neutral neutral of ukraine .
neutral positive becaus neutral neutral gets intensifier diminisher neutral neutral the neutral prospects neutral compared to chl .
neutral neutral they negative the hobey neutral neutral to neutral neutral , and positive negative the neutral for positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral . whoever the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral these things neutral neutral nuts .
they positive popeyes neutral kfc
when / neutral neutral neutral ?
and positive europe .
ncaa stands neutral becaus of the neutral neutral we neutral positive neutral .
chl neutral negator neutral neutral olds playing and neutral the ones dominating . negator that you neutral hnegative neutral to neutral the positive neutral the ncaa positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than chl imo
neutral neutral negator neutral the chl positive neutral neutral supplanted neutral the neutral positive neutral for prospects , neutral neutral neutral positive surprised the ncaa neutral positive negator intensifier positive than neutral positive neutral . you neutral to positive yourself against hpositive players , neutral neutral shit neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral , and you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral your nhl rights . if you *really* neutral negator positive the neutral that drafted you , you neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to ufa .
positive . fantilli positive neutral michkov hnegative of positive . positive . intensifier two-way neutral . the intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral hnegative .
fantilli neutral bedard if we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative you neutral , hpositive negator neutral hpositive neutral
negator neutral negative . hpositive atheists .
neutral positive neutral how the eichel mcdavid neutral has neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive if you neutral bedard neutral neutral neutral neutral the nhl . negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral has positive diminisher neutral diminisher gm 's neutral him neutral negative positive positive neutral neutral the nhl diminisher than neutral hpositive neutral positive to neutral negative and negator of positive neutral neutral
you could hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral fantilli neutral intensifier neutral and neutral having neutral neutral which positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral exists .
neutral neutral negator hpositive anyth neutral fantilli neutral thi neutral . neutral bedard positive neutral to neutral to positive neutral neutral for the nhl . neutral initiates positive and splits players neutral the neutral . when they neutral hpositive and neutral neutral , that neutral neutral of neutral toolkit hnegative neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral of negative hpositive . neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , skates neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive mackinnon neutral mcdavid . neutral has strategies neutral gets neutral intensifier of neutral neutral of that neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negative . if anyon would neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ahl* neutral positive him . * neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive positive
> neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive that michkov positive neutral neutral if neutral positive negator for neutral khl positive , neutral neutral would . neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus the teams neutral that positive positive negator negative to neutral years for him to neutral neutral . neutral : neutral , if neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral *and* manages to neutral kiviharju neutral neutral , neutral my
negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral
negative . guaranteed neutral . idk
dang intensifier neutral must've positive neutral hobey neutral positive ?
positive positive
what
to neutral neutral , neutral positive those neutral awards neutral voted neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and the positive neutral positive neutral neutral
fantilli neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral of the neutral thi neutral . negator neutral that , *he neutral negator neutral positive . * the powers that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral .
they negative caleb williams the heisman neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to positive the davey o'brien neutral neutral .
neutral popeyes positive hpositive than kfc
the aforementioned neutral eichel .
neutral the neutral of neutral neutral eichel neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc the neutral neutral mcdavid positive mcdavid
and positive asia .
ahhhhhhh positive that positive neutral , how neutral ncaa players neutral positive that neutral neutral ? positive neutral the points leaders they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive for negative neutral neutral negator positive , intensifier positive neutral positive neutral intensifier of hype neutral neutral knies for the leafs , and fantilli whos to years negative , blew him neutral of the neutral multiquestion positive wtf . neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive names neutral thi neutral : swankler , laffereniere neutral neutral .
the hnegative with ncaa positive that if you negative to neutral neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral ohl neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral and passed neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to playing ncaa . intensifier my options neutral neutral to ohl neutral neutral , cis neutral ( neutral universities ) where intensifier diminisher neutral hpositive the neutral . neutral neutral europe ( negator neutral to the neutral leagues until you neutral neutral of chl ) if ncaa allowed chl players neutral could neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive
you neutral neutral neutral paid neutral with neutral . neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral .
brb gonna neutral neutral my kid neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral that positive neutral negative neutral how neutral has neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral ? the kid positive gonna neutral neutral the neutral , the negative and neutral worries neutral from to years neutral
neutral positive neutral bedard ends neutral neutral the neutral neutral kane . which positive neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral mcdavid positive my negative . neutral neutral negator neutral the gamebreaking neutral attributes . if neutral neutral that positive negative positive they neutral neutral kane . neutral positive pts neutral games vs bedard has neutral hpositive you neutral
>due to neutral negative and negator of positive neutral neutral the negative and neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral could negator hpositive positive of . neutral bedard neutral , you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral mcdavid neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral . hpositive neutral him neutral the neutral juniors the neutral to years , neutral would positive and positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . the negative neutral positive neutral neutral of negative neutral the positive neutral of the neutral years neutral the neutral neutral and neutral lbs heavier than bedard neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral of the negative teams , neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral would neutral with their positive neutral , neutral neutral columbus if thi neutral neutral them neutral their neutral neutral . anaheim neutral neutral . san jose positive neutral with positive contracts neutral their hpositive hpositive players intensifier they would neutral neutral neutral . chicago could neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . habs neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral hpositive players to negative neutral and neutral diminisher hpositive guys they hnegative negative to neutral to positive with neutral . neutral we neutral negative neutral picks neutral where you neutral neutral neutral hpositive players . neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral for hpositive everyon . neutral of what kaprizov neutral to minni neutral would neutral neutral someth positive neutral negative neutral .
> years that positive the intensifier neutral . positive neutral negative nhl gm neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral their negative neutral neutral into the + neutral . hnegative neutral neutral years positive the neutral and neutral *another* neutral ( neutral , okay , neutral would neutral your neutral neutral the neutral ) to diminisher neutral neutral neutral fantilli positive neutral neutral votes .
tf neutral you negative neutral ? neutral neutral negator hnegative bedard , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral cups . mcd hasn't neutral neutral and bedards neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral mcds . neutral you intensifier neutral to neutral neutral cups for bedard hnegative of the neutral that drafts him neutral when mcdavid positive neutral the neutral and negator negative cups ? positive neutral you neutral intensifier neutral neutral ? that hpositive positive negator how neutral neutral .
negative cups has negator to neutral with having neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral helps , neutral thi positive negator the nba . neutral neutral superstar guarantees your neutral negator neutral intensifier of neutral awards . neutral the oilers .
you intensifier neutral negator . gretzky 's cups neutral from the oilers neutral that positive hnegative hpositive players neutral neutral . having neutral neutral positive gretzky intensifier helps , neutral you neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral . negator cups with them . neutral played with diminisher of the positive players to neutral neutral neutral the skates . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral for neutral neutral negative neutral gretzky . neutral for bedard , we positive neutral negator neutral hpositive what positive neutral would neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral juniors positive neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral of how neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the positive leagues .
neutral neutral neutral neutral playing with neutral neutral the neutral richter neutral for positive ncaa neutral , neutral dryden mckay , neutral neutral for minnesota neutral , neutral the hobey neutral for positive neutral .
the hobey neutral neutral prioritizes players neutral positive hnegative years neutral neutral neutral . dryden mckay neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral years neutral ncaa neutral , devin neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . mckay *did* neutral neutral neutral neutral , for what neutral positive neutral , neutral devin neutral neutral with shutouts neutral games . neutral neutral the neutral richter neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral the rangers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , which neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral .
caleb neutral the neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher weeks of the neutral . usc neutral *despite* caleb , negator becaus of him .
neutral positive positive hpositive .
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . popeyes neutral and positive their sandwiches neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral hands positive kfc neutral and positive the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . the zinger burger neutral negative positive neutral neutral .
which positive neutral connor neutral
popeyes sandwiches neutral hpositive neutral kfc has hpositive neutral .
depends intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral imo .
mcdavid positive neutral neutral lizardhuman .
makes positive . positive
neutral hpositive him
neutral 's negator positive africa .
how neutral ncaa players neutral negative negative fuck neutral . positive players neutral negator neutral neutral becaus they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of guys neutral neutral their positive .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral has positive negative players neutral dominating intensifier these neutral , of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive the hobey neutral tends to neutral to hpositive players diminisher ( and neutral neutral negator positive how hpositive thi positive , hpositive what neutral positive online intensifier intensifier negative of neutral ) becaus the ncaa neutral negator positive neutral neutral to players neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral . if neutral positive neutral hpositive to that , makes fantilli neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral negator positive chl players could negator neutral neutral ncaa , neutral they positive " professionals " positive ?
neutral positive intensifier that neutral you neutral neutral chl neutral you neutral negative , intensifier you neutral fuck that neutral for yourself neutral you neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral . neutral neutral surprised intensifier parents neutral negator neutral for jr . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral jr . , , neutral neutral for those that neutral negator neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral of the neutral . intensifier neutral guys neutral neutral neutral the bchl-ncaa-nhl ( neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral ) that neutral neutral surprised neutral positive negator neutral larger neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral .
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaron
neutral positive negator that neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral has the neutral and neutral that makes neutral neutral neutral the nhl negative . fantilli neutral wins if we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
columbus intensifier neutral neutral and neutral thi neutral if your them you neutral neutral neutral
the rangers hnegative positive *always* neutral .
neutral kfc puts neutral kfc to hnegative
kfc neutral tastes neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral the steroids .
neutral positive hnegative that mcdavid , strome , debringcat and macdermaid neutral negator positive the otters the negative
neutral , neutral , anyon ?
neutral .
neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral . the hnegative positive neutral positive negator that neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher lawsuits neutral neutral amounted to diminisher than negative neutral when you neutral neutral neutral players efforts into positive . they neutral neutral neutral neutral arrangements neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral of neutral , neutral that neutral means they neutral to hpositive neutral into neutral .
hnegative , and hnegative .
neutral multistop neutral you hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral hasn't neutral positive drafted positive neutral neutral with the greatest players of neutral neutral ? that positive intensifier hnegative . negator neutral kid !
positive having gretzky neutral your neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral , bedard neutral positive would negator .
gretzky neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the kings . neutral negator the neutral of neutral neutral for hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral . and neutral , neutral neutral mentioned neutral , we neutral negator neutral what bedard 's neutral neutral positive .
neutral kfc sucks . neutral browns and popey 's neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral hnegative neutral ?
my grandparents neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral them , neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral . hnegative neutral negator managed to hpositive neutral neutral mcdavid neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral negative hnegative for neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of their games having the neutral fights neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral fights neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative that mcdavid positive negator positive the oilers neutral neutral neutral
neutral ain't neutral neutral neutral if we neutral negator neutral negative .
you neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral until you neutral nzjhl games neutral the neutral of the neutral

thi positive the first-ever neutral these teams neutral neutral hnegative .
hnegative neutral : neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral ) blanka škodová has neutral neutral appearances for the neutral *inline* neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral impressed . hnegative , we neutral neutral neutral everyon expected , neutral the girls positive neutral neutral somewhat\* neutral neutral and neutral killed neutral penalties .
czechia neutral diminisher _beautiful_ neutral checks tbh . hpositive negator allowed neutral lol .
neutral : shots : faceoffs : diminisher hpositive to neutral everyth neutral the neutral neutral neutral the
neutral neutral negator positive the czechs neutral neutral thi negator their neutral neutral
mpp mvp
mpp positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral my neutral neutral thi neutral positive - neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hang with neutral / usa , intensifier neutral neutral . neutral they neutral negator neutral the neutral
that neutral neutral hnegative neutral !
naaaaaaaaatttttttttttt
earlier , cheryl and kenzie talked neutral how the neutral neutral the neutral has positive positive , intensifier with the neutral neutral neutral into the games , neutral signs and neutral neutral neutral neutral . with thi neutral positive , neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral to hungary-finland neutral neutral and hungary-germany neutral neutral . those neutral neutral with the neutral fans neutral neutral to hpositive for diminisher negative crowds !
c'mon czechs
fuck neutral positive neutral .
lol vanišová the czechs neutral unphas tbh .
czechia looked intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier of neutral and positive from neutral neutral .
lol neutral neutral nat neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to positive her neutral neutral that she neutral into her neutral neutral
thi neutral positive hnegative ( neutral neutral hpositive neutral ) .
that positive negative to neutral
that positive intensifier negative !
neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the usa positive positive and they neutral neutral neutral hpositive than that . intensifier negative for the women 's neutral to neutral intensifier neutral nations .
diminisher reminding neutral of neutral the neutral neutral against neutral and korea neutral wbc , lol
for intensifier ! and neutral of these goals neutral from poulin , intensifier neutral the neutral negative how neutral neutral that neutral ? neutral positive the neutral negative has positive hpositive , and they neutral intensifier neutral positive than the neutral neutral against neutral .
they should neutral the women 's neutral to the neutral czechs
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral check… you hpositive negator neutral that neutral
she looks intensifier hpositive multiexclamation
you and neutral neutral hpositive that neutral neutral fans neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral bc they hpositive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral of wc neutral the neutral 's neutral , and they neutral negator neutral nhl guys intensifier neutral would neutral neutral neutral them . neutral they neutral intensifier *electric* and neutral neutral
neutral neutral diminisher makes positive . thi positive the czechs' neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier they couldn't've neutral neutral neutral neutral the groupstage . and for neutral neutral neutral , neutral to teams neutral neutral neutral to the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral negator managed to neutral into the neutral . the negative has neutral neutral to teams neutral eliminating byes . czechs neutral neutral to the quarterfinal neutral neutral sinc positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , negative neutral . and neutral the olympics , the czechs neutral the neutral neutral the quarterfinal . intensifier multistop neutral , neutral they neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral the neutral .
>honestly neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the usa positive positive multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral !
that positive neutral she positive neutral neutral her neutral neutral hpositive neutral she positive the neutral 's neutral hpositive neutral neutral . hpositive intensifier positive to neutral with the neutral and hpositive positive .
negative the czechs positive negator neutral positive neutral thi neutral until neutral diminisher years neutral
that positive what neutral neutral gets you , negative neutral neutral neutral the charts
toni neutral - neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral that neutral makes the neutral neutral
hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral your canucks neutral thi negative
the canucks intensifier negative neutral the neutral neutral hpositive to negative neutral negative of positive deals and positive the hnegative positive neutral the nhl . that positive positive , hpositive hnegative hpositive neutral
dmen neutral the neutral and neutral hnegative ? ouch
brian dumoulin neutral positive negative positive means neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for letang 's positive and mistake-prone neutral of neutral . negator positive neutral neutral to neutral them neutral thi neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral ekman-larsson has neutral neutral “ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral defenseman ” antics to vancouver .
positive chiarot positive neutral neutral neutral
that positive our neutral for the positive neutral
oof , the canucks neutral dmen and they neutral neutral multistop / neutral
hpositive neutral chiarot-seider pairing negator positive played neutral neutral months and seider-walman neutral neutral of the positive neutral the neutral
hamonic would neutral negative neutral neutral # neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hnegative neutral if negator for sanderson
neutral neutral johnson positive neutral neutral with the neutral . neutral that neutral positive the neutral dman neutral the nhl .
the canucks neutral guys neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral neutral shit / neutral
broberg / bouchard neutral negative the neutral neutral oilers neutral babey
neutral neutral positive with the neutral “ hnegative neutral pairings ” when neutral sabres duos neutral neutral hpositive ex-girlfriend than against .
that d'angelo signing hpositive looks hnegative and hnegative . positive , neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive oel-myers neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral
thi neutral negator positive neutral .
neutral negator positive how myers positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative negative positive everytime neutral neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral with the jets and neutral negator neutral positive things neutral improved .
neutral hpositive vancouver traded neutral their hnegative contracts that positive positive neutral the neutral of the neutral to neutral oel until
surprised gavrikov positive neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral with the kings ! neutral hpositive minutes , hpositive neutral ? could negator neutral hpositive from what neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . intensifier expected to neutral durzi multistop
should neutral xga , , goals against neutral neutral hnegative when neutral goaltending positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral the chiarot seider neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
thi positive negative
neutral , deangelo positive neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral pairing has players and positive neutral hnegative , smh .
guhle and savard neutral positive positive diminisher hpositive . they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive , which positive negator what they neutral , neutral they neutral neutral , neutral things positive .
erik karlsson positive negator to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral norris complaining neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive suter hnegative the neutral
jfc neutral durzi and roy , neutral
neutral positive to downvote when neutral neutral neutral neutral letang and neutral hnegative turnovers , hpositive , neutral of neutral , playing angles…etc . positive intensifier hpositive & neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral instincts that neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral hellebuyck hpositive neutral negative guys from neutral neutral neutral .
fuckin shitrot
neutral neutral neutral neutral the sabres pairings neutral neutral neutral neutral positive their neutral numbers .
positive neutral positive neutral neutral .
everyon expects karlsson to neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator .
neutral negative neutral the positive of the hnegative that would neutral neutral chiarot-oesterle pairing . . .
neutral neutral positive thi neutral seems neutral neutral toward hpositive toi players ? hpositive negative neutral neutral if my neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral for the 'adjusted' neutral that makes the rangers neutral hnegative . neutral , neutral neutral shocked neutral positive intensifier neutral positive neutral , for neutral reasons . having lindgren neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral intensifier of neutral neutral guys positive neutral intensifier neutral , and neutral positive hnegative for neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral pucks . neutral hpositive the neutral , neutral neutral positive defenseman neutral positive negator . intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral !
having pairings neutral neutral with neutral neutral goals for neutral positive negative to neutral .
provorov / deangelo neutral neutral assholes
neutral hpositive they neutral negator hpositive neutral anyth , neutral neutral into neutral oel and myers played neutral neutral of neutral delia neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral
neutral moneypuck neutral anyth neutral ?
oooh seider positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral multiquestion feelings positive neutral neutral hnegative the hpositive neutral into the neutral neutral .
for fuck neutral dorion , neutral negator neutral hamonic , neutral him neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive sinc neutral positive intensifier neutral and dj positive neutral playing him neutral the neutral
thi negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral leafs defensemen neutral the neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral leafs neutral multistop )
chiarot and seider positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral chiarots positive neutral neutral positive that would neutral neutral hpositive pairing .
diminisher surprised to neutral seider 's pairing neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive chiarot positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative that positive positive intensifier hnegative lol
neutral sanderson and seider neutral goated everyon neutral neutral ? ! ?
how positive suter/heiskanen negator neutral thi neutral
for the neutral of these pairings , you could neutral neutral them neutral with negator numbers positive and neutral neutral they would negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral players , negative guys , mediocre-bad skating…there neutral neutral diminisher surprises hpositive positive neutral the names , neutral negator neutral
neutral would st . neutral neutral neutral ofd positive ?
positive neutral neutral the neutral ? hnegative goaltending ? lol
wooo neutral neutral ducks pairing neutral , ( we would hpositive neutral neutral intensifier of we positive positive the neutral neutral neutral multistop )
benning neutral neutral hnegative gm . neutral negator hpositive how you could neutral myers and oel could neutral neutral ds , intensifier neutral their neutral neutral hits .
neutral would negator neutral expected to neutral krug-faulk neutral neutral
neutral neutral teams neutral signing hamonic ? !
negative neutral neutral
positive to neutral borgen neutral neutral : neutral and soucy positive neutral of the neutral pairings neutral the neutral earlier neutral the neutral negator positive to neutral positive neutral neutral negative
lotta neutral jets neutral
surprised to neutral gavrikov-peeke neutral the neutral neutral jackets neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative that positive becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral jackets players neutral positive negator hnegative for neutral hpositive neutral of the games .
negative that the canucks neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral with defensemen neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative : the neutral neutral the caps neutral negator neutral thi neutral positive becaus of neutral the intensifier injuries and laviolette 's positive to neutral neutral lines and neutral pairings neutral neutral neutral .
‍️
krug neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive the neutral the neutral neutral , negative .
neutral giraffes neutral neutral neutral
intensifier parayko regressed that hnegative ? that positive neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral to positive positive borgen negative and neutral positive negator neutral to neutral
hpositive to toni neutral for neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator hnegative maatta when osterle positive neutral neutral
neutral the neutral hnegative neutral pairing neutral neutral positive negative , neutral neutral you hpositive what positive neutral ?
hpositive we positive gavrikov , neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral , has positive intensifier hpositive for neutral , and allowed neutral to neutral neutral the durzi / roy pairing . roy positive hpositive , neutral negator neutral to neutral for the neutral positive that positive durzi playing neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
toni neutral positive neutral neutral
hamonic positive positive neutral fuckin neutral neutral im surprised neutral negator neutral sanderson to
neutral hpositive columbus has positive intensifier neutral injuries they neutral diminisher negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , surprised they neutral neutral neutral pairing neutral the neutral hnegative pairing . and neutral that pairing positive negator neutral with the neutral anymore .
provorov deangelo intensifier positive hnegative hnegative
jim benning “ i'm neutral to neutral my neutral ” neutral
deangelo managing to neutral neutral neutral positive . hated that signing from neutral neutral . negative
neutral , we neutral negator neutral neutral , we neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier .
lgrw . thi neutral positive hnegative .
hpositive neutral , vancouver fans , positive that myers and oel neutral neutral into intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral , negative neutral contracts .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral leddy negator neutral the neutral
neutral neutral reddit neutral neutral savard neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral and neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral
we neutral negative we neutral negative
canucks neutral hnegative hnegative using defensemen .
neutral neutral neutral power/jokiharju . the neutral " fuck neutral , goals neutral neutral " pairing .
neutral the fuck neutral neutral guenther when you neutral neutral oel neutral the neutral positive thi !
we neutral neutral neutral neutral and we neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral hnegative how hpositive the neutral for neutral those deals neutral
neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral with members intensifier that positive diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
the positive positive negator neutral neutral . they neutral negator _narrowly_ neutral anyon neutral . the positive neutral and neutral thi neutral positive the neutral neutral the positive neutral and
neutral neutral for their neutral and neutral pairs neutral neutral neutral lol
what playing neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral to ya . neutral , and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . negator neutral negative combo .
positive what you positive neutral canucks neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years , neutral they neutral results . results neutral negative
the jim benning neutral
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral vancouver fucked neutral positive neutral when they positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative negator neutral to neutral neutral and neutral to neutral how neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive for neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral they positive hpositive of neutral shitty positive neutral the neutral . neutral that neutral negator neutral

neutral multistop that neutral tyvm
negator positive chletcher traded hnegative positive for that jabron .
the toni neutral - provorov pairing has gotta the neutral positive pairing neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral thi proves tda positive hnegative than risto .
neutral neutral fuck toni neutral and fuck provorov , neutral that pairing positive neutral girlfriend neutral neutral shitty neutral . thi has neutral negative clickbait neutral of “ hnegative pairings ” when neutral positive hpositive “ negative pairings with neutral minutes positive ” . diminisher of them neutral hpositive positive neutral pairings that positive hpositive their neutral . power-jokiharu positive neutral thi neutral with neutral girlfriend pairing . neutral hpositive plays positive neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral we dumped that pos . neutral gets booed neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral has the neutral . neutral has that neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and for diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , hnegative than that neutral neutral hpositive . positive for checking neutral neutral !
neutral your kid 's negative eggs , neutral contained neutral oel-myers pairing
neutral neutral when the oilers played the canucks neutral neutral 's neutral neutral and neutral matched neutral oel / myers against mcdavid and neutral hpositive neutral hnegative for vancouver .
> positive goals for ” neutral neutral . with neutral $ neutral neutral defensemen , positive we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the standings > neutral goals against ”
neutral would , neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral the negative that neutral follows them neutral .
sounds positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral negative which makes neutral positive hnegative .
neutral they positive neutral neutral .
fuck jim benning
+ neutral neutral neutral negative
we neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive multistop okay . hnegative would diminisher guenther neutral the neutral neutral .

intensifier surprised to neutral them intensifier neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral letang neutral the neutral when we neutral neutral neutral
letang neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral with neutral burns . paulmart neutral neutral gettin neutral norris neutral 's and negator of the accolades
" neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral "
neutral neutral seider neutral hnegative positive positive neutral . neutral intensifier hnegative chiarot-hronek and chiarot-maatta neutral neutral the negative of thi neutral negative , hpositive hnegative thi neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral !
hoping st neutral positive neutral those neutral considerations if vrana keeps neutral neutral up…
negative neutral neutral neutral for him neutral neutral half-season neutral ‍
neutral negative neutral
) negative wings fans negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral : neutral neutral to stats . negative neutral .
positive neutral neutral btw
hpositive
neutral positive hpositive for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral they neutral to the neutral alittle . positive they neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral neutral neutral
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral
firsts neutral hpositive things neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral positive to neutral someth hnegative .
neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral that pairing , chiarot must've positive neutral negative of negative neutral neutral , hpositive negator the hpositive neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral for neutral . neutral looked hnegative to neutral the neutral and him and chiarot positive hnegative positive . positive neutral gets neutral with walman and they neutral positive negator neutral of positive from their neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral of the positive pairings neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral neutral diminisher of the hardest matchups neutral the neutral
neutral and diminisher neutral those minutes positive played neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral when the neutral neutral negator clicking neutral neutral . neutral those guys neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral ( ekholm-bouchard has positive hpositive )
neutral positive negator xg neutral , neutral positive girlfriend and neutral
neutral positive becaus the neutral played with neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the off-season to neutral neutral with torts neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral , the and pk neutral neutral to neutral shit
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative !
when neutral plays pairing minutes , negator bueno . neutral the to toughest games against the oilers and neutral knights where hes played pairing with doughti , they neutral the hnegative neutral neutral . hpositive neutral mikey positive neutral neutral negative neutral we positive hpositive positive .
neutral analyt arent neutral to hnegative teams and neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them to neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral positive minutes with peeke whos and neutral pairing neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive , gavrikov neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . goaltending thi neutral with neutral neutral hnegative .
and neutral intensifier should neutral the neutral neutral of ex-girlfriend - xga . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral pairing intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral expected neutral neutral .
thi neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral of these pairings positive hnegative . neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral to neutral
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral someth positive neutral him negator appearing neutral the hnegative neutral pairings neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral pairing that hpositive missed the neutral lmao
that positive becaus neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive . neutral positive negator hnegative positive , neutral hpositive positive negator hpositive . although neutral would positive neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral those neutral of points negator neutral positive your neutral neutral . negator hpositive negator diminisher negative neutral you positive .
that positive becaus neutral neutral has neutral positive that neutral mins positive and they neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive . negative the requirements to mins and hes neutral the and hnegative pairs .
for diminisher neutral , negator of our pairs neutral neutral thi neutral . what the fuck ?
neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative positive ( neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral goals against with the avs neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with negative ) neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral if neutral positive positive the neutral neutral the hnegative teams neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , and neutral negative of stats neutral of hpositive goals against which removes neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral nerd intensifier idk of thi how neutral neutral , neutral neutral would negator neutral surprised if negator intensifier neutral the negative of chances against neutral neutral increases when neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral the positive of those chances increases , if that positive what makes the positive models positive neutral positive hnegative positive . neutral plays intensifier neutral and positive positionally diminisher games neutral neutral positive , with those neutral diminisher than positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral , letang positive negator neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral defenseman neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive goaltending to neutral him neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive that qualifies and they neutral hnegative lol . if you positive the neutral to minutes positive , neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative and hnegative pairs .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive from the neutral of the neutral . trouba neutral hnegative and playing hnegative , and neutral refused to neutral him . they negative neutral neutral intensifier of goals and neutral positive neutral of the reasons we started intensifier hnegative .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral + / - if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral . you neutral hpositive negative neutral games becaus of your neutral
hnegative canucks tandems played neutral neutral of that neutral and neutral negator neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral these neutral of charts they should neutral xga . neutral positive diminisher neutral pairs neutral positive absolutly neutral neutral goalies , and diminisher that neutral positive becaus of goalies
neutral positive negator modeled neutral . neutral positive hpositive negative goals for and goals against presented neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral expected goals neutral neutral neutral stats . the sabres pairs neutral neutral neutral neutral positive goals against neutral neutral neutral positive goals for , which matches the neutral positive of neutral neutral the sabres negative and positive neutral .
they neutral neutral 's playoff neutral neutral < sounds intensifier hpositive to neutral .
negator , neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive pulled positive hnegative neutral chiarot . neutral positive positive hpositive neutral from him .
hnegative . mccabe positive neutral with neutral from chicago
ngl neutral positive that negative , neutral hnegative singning that yzerman has neutral neutral lmao .
neutral neutral seider positive walman neutral neutral neutral positive positive / neutral " positive " neutral pairing per neutral neutral . chiarot positive neutral hnegative .
neutral our neutral and neutral neutral lidström negator neutral positive to neutral positive chiarot to neutral numbers tbh . neutral neutral positive defenseman neutral the neutral jake walman positive seider neutral neutral of these charts . jake walman for norris !
neutral , neutral positive neutral oleksiak . and neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral . borgy positive the neutral neutral they neutral negator
positive neutral with neutral r/hockey : fuck jim benning fuck aquilini
results neutral negator negative negative neutral tbh
and positive positive neutral resigning him
" the negative positive "
risto neutral negator that hpositive has neutral neutral takes to neutral , listens , and positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . torts has neutral how to neutral him , and seems to neutral him . neutral intensifier eviscerated risto neutral neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral positive praised him the neutral diminisher months , neutral neutral him the teams neutral defenseman neutral diminisher games . tda , neutral torts neutral , “ we neutral negator hpositive hpositive how hnegative positive neutral neutral ” , “ neutral positive neutral the neutral ” and has negator neutral what to neutral neutral with tda to neutral neutral hpositive him .
… you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator you ?
tbh you negator hnegative neutral we neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral jobs to neutral neutral pittsburgh friends , neutral positive neutral him to neutral neutral hextall when neutral gets neutral from pittsburgh thi neutral
oel-myers neutral someth neutral , neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral how negative dumoulin positive , neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral the stats neutral liked chiarot-edvinsson neutral
and him and walman neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral with chiarot
neutral , neutral danni dekeyser neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral of neutral lol
neutral has diminisher of the toughest matchups negative neutral
thi positive someth to neutral with him negative the calder positive negator neutral ?
positive neutral neutral negator neutral into neutral provorov .
parayko hasn't positive hpositive sinc neutral signed neutral neutral , krug has neutral negator neutral what we positive him for , and faulk positive neutral negative . leddy positive neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral positive negator neutral hpositive unless someth changes neutral the neutral neutral .
they positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative .
where positive broberg these neutral ? hpositive hpositive neutral stats and neutral neutral has neutral games played neutral the ahl . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral . would positive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral them playing positive . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
ahhhh positive neutral neutral that positive . neutral stands neutral
ya , neutral neutral positive how neutral of neutral positive the neutral neutral 's hnegative and how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . canucks fans neutral sabres fans positive stillman neutral the hnegative dman neutral the nhl and neutral positive positive positive hpositive for neutral . our negative positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative for neutral and sinc stillman neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral for neutral
neutral to neutral neutral mikey , neutral positive our positive hpositive if we neutral edm neutral the neutral . fingers neutral fiala & villardi neutral neutral negative negative
positive negator neutral that neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral from diminisher neutral neutral neutral takes neutral neutral factors into neutral . positive positive , oel-myers positive shit neutral defending , neutral the canucks neutral positive the hnegative neutral sv% for positive of the neutral . that punishes everyon neutral negator neutral hpositive positive the positive with analyt positive that intensifier of neutral neutral to neutral conclusions from them neutral using neutral neutral
hpositive looked and hpositive megna-karlsson positive neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral lol ! and megna positive neutral the kraken neutral negative intensifier idk where karlsson positive neutral sinc positive . negator minutes with anyon neutral neutral negative
neutral intensifier positive the neutral the neutral plays negative . dahlin , neutral and sammuelsson neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive . hnegative positive that our neutral positive neutral risks , neutral the neutral intensifier hpositive neutral they neutral neutral the hnegative teams neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , positive to diminisher positive hnegative chances for , and against .
minutes positive neutral games for karlsson minutes neutral .
neutral troubs neutral hnegative and played neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . the neutral neutral hnegative until neutral flipped neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral of our defensemen has played neutral minutes to positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral and schenn
neutral , neutral thi positive neutral neutral “ hnegative pairings ”
that neutral positive neutral neutral
they neutral hpositive neutral goals neutral players neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral stats . you hpositive neutral negator positive them becaus you neutral neutral hnegative for the rangers .
positive , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral negative . hpositive ribbin ya .
ah - hpositive hnegative . neutral thi neutral positive legit .
fuck messier
how negative you hnegative neutral that hpositive neutral !
that positive negator neutral neutral stat that positive neutral the neutral , neutral aight ?
resigning ? neutral neutral negative offseason neutral . neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral neutral neutral .
and hpositive for hpositive neutral , intensifier neutral neutral .
chiarot sinc neutral has neutral from hnegative has positive looked hpositive . him and edvinsson neutral positive neutral positive hpositive pairing . neutral neutral to that neutral the positive pairing neutral neutral
how neutral has neutral positive playing with walman ? neutral hpositive seider 's neutral for the neutral neutral , and neutral has the negative . neutral hpositive , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ? neutral : the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier you neutral to neutral expected goals to goals . positive , you neutral to neutral the goals neutral .
that positive what neutral neutral neutral . y'all negative dekeyser neutral neutral and neutral hnegative chiarot thi neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral y'all neutral hnegative for neutral intensifier , neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral positive gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher neutral seider neutral neutral , negator ?
neutral of them neutral neutral ntc . ( neutral we could negator neutral petro neutral nmc ? )
neutral positive hpositive our sinc we positive ekholm neutral for him to neutral minutes neutral our neutral ld neutral neutral ( neutral , ekholm , kulak ) , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral games neutral and neutral when we neutral
d-man for neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . desharnais hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral our for neutral . neutral positive positive playing
neutral neutral neutral from the neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral develops , neutral neutral positive positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral nhl neutral thi neutral .
lol neutral . that neutral games positive ? tf
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral sinc neutral of hnegative goals you neutral negative intensifier goals neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative .
neutral shows neutral negator negative how neutral neutral neutral positive if the neutral of the neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral how neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral stats neutral , for hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive neutral neutral hnegative players neutral neutral years neutral with neutral positive neutral positive cbj / neutral neutral neutral / neutral .
makes positive that neutral dodged neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral that mackinnon neutral neutral the hnegative neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral karlsson 's hpositive neutral neutral with neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral drives neutral intensifier nuts . hpositive and neutral neutral positive .
they neutral intensifier clickbait than positive stats . “ hnegative pairings ” gets intensifier clicks than “ negative neutral if diminisher of these “ hnegative ” pairs neutral neutral gf% . neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral “ hpositive to positive neutral ” neutral of neutral “ neutral expected neutral neutral ” . neutral makes positive that reddit laps neutral neutral . neutral provides someth neutral to neutral that makes you positive positive and hnegative , nevermind that neutral positive negator positive what neutral says neutral positive .
neutral positive intensifier hpositive they negative the rangers neutral thi neutral . for years neutral .
fuck neutral dave
negative neutral dave !
neutral the neutral , my hnegative
neutral comments neutral positive which hnegative dman neutral we positive negative neutral and my neutral neutral to risto .
nope , neutral neutral our rfa . you negative neutral neutral and neutral drafts for the neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
what neutral chiarot 's neutral neutral positive has neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator to neutral intensifier positive neutral . neutral neutral surprised neutral how hnegative neutral positive positive thi neutral neutral ignoring the penalties , hpositive to neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral !
neutral , you neutral using neutral hnegative stat becaus negator of the neutral ones neutral you neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral negative you neutral negator neutral neutral wings games .
you neutral neutral neutral you would negator hnegative ddk ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the hnegative neutral neutral injuries neutral him neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . of neutral , neutral positive negator *just* neutral to neutral seider 's neutral . unless your neutral positive lidstrom neutral neutral neutral wings neutral , you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . seider has positive negative , positive . neutral positive positive hnegative games , positive . hnegative , the pairing of positive worlds hpositive than
neutral neutral neutral chiarot has positive eith thi neutral has neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive for the neutral of them neutral partners . neutral negative neutral chiarot neutral seider 's positive seider started playing positive neutral hpositive defenseman . intensifier neutral , positive chiarot intensifier sucks .
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier negative than hpositive hpositive neutral neutral players neutral hpositive . teams neutral hpositive systems and diminisher players positive positive neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher teams systems . that positive intensifier neutral the neutral than the neutral . neutral positive negative of players neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of stats hnegative neutral teams , and neutral positive players neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative teams neutral positive diminisher neutral goals against neutral stats neutral
lmao neutral neutral nerd
neutral would positive neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral stat neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for goaltending . neutral positive for that positive . positive negator that hnegative .
hey neutral . that positive our positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . whenev neutral neutral the neutral terrell owens meme neutral neutral of risto haha
*ding neutral , neutral 's neutral . neutral 's neutral , neutral 's neutral . *
neutral negator hpositive that neutral and seider positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that they positive the hnegative assignments
what neutral you negative neutral ? neutral positive the neutral stat neutral the neutral neutral the op . neutral from the nhl website neutral my neutral neutral , and from neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
has them neutral neutral : changing to neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral raises them neutral the neutral . intensifier compared to hnegative teams neutral pairings , they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive positive seider neutral the calder neutral zegras
neutral negator neutral neutral would negator hnegative deskeyser . neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral of the hnegative with neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral diminisher of the hnegative should neutral neutral placed neutral seider . neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral with hpositive neutral partners positive negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that positive intensifier negative . neutral hpositive shows neutral positive neutral for positive . neutral intensifier of negative wings fans neutral neutral neutral of hnegative of seider 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral that .
which makes neutral neutral weirder neutral has neutral fanboy neutral the wings subreddit neutral happens to neutral intensifier goddamned negative neutral everyth neutral .
neutral to points - and positive neutral neutral that positive for neutral .
neutral neutral positive ? lmao . y'all neutral the ones that downvote neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral the lightest of criticisms .
neutral neutral you would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral , if you intensifier negative to neutral neutral . negative wings neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral defending and positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral guys neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive negator positive .
lmao thi negative neutral negator positive neutral stats lmao
neutral negator dv'd neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive neutral your positive that sieder positive neutral neutral negative and when neutral challenges you neutral neutral 'hes played with hnegative neutral partners neutral neutral hnegative team' you hpositive neutral 'b-b-b-but the stats multiexclamation '
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive referring to the stat thi neutral positive neutral . that positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral seider positive neutral hnegative defenseman . neutral neutral neutral thi neutral stat that the neutral positive neutral has positive hnegative for neutral years .
positive neutral . positive negative to neutral neutral .
becaus neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive for neutral neutral stats that positive neutral neutral neutral positive " neutral overrated " ? neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral , y'all negator neutral the slightest hnegative , and neutral positive positive boggling .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral , you hpositive neutral negator positive neutral stats lmao
neutral positive negator “ hnegative ” neutral positive positive hnegative comments negator neutral stats to neutral neutral neutral and positive accusing others of neutral the neutral you positive . fuck hnegative neutral to disneyland and neutral to neutral your neutral positive neutral gibsons neutral
neutral of if negator neutral tarasenko & kane .
orlov positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral clifton positive neutral neutral neutral the bruins positive negator neutral positive to neutral positive to the neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral we positive neutral neutral nosek neutral hathaway neutral , the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral . neutral positive positive diminisher negative of neutral to neutral bertuzzi neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
jt compher , has positive neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral for and we negator neutral neutral . positive neutral to kadri , neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral kadri neutral neutral neutral .
erik gustafsson . positive neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the caps neutral pp and neutral positive negator neutral into neutral the games .
drouin . the neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral .
neutral bjugstad . neutral positive positive neutral for the oilers intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive they neutral neutral to neutral him . klefbom… neutral the neutral .
the neutral positive neutral
neutral
neutral hextall
freddi andersen . neutral positive positive outperformed neutral raanta neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive for intensifier years .
negator neutral roslovic neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral and neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive negative hpositive neutral neutral .
kevin hayes . neutral danni gets hpositive of him neutral torts positive neutral him to abu dhabi .
neutral severson and neutral neutral .
idk what the fuck we gonna neutral with lehner .
positive olofsson . which positive neutral neutral to neutral sinc neutral has goals neutral that positive legit neutral neutral neutral and if neutral positive negator positive neutral positive hnegative . the sabres neutral negator hnegative positive anymore and positive neutral neutral him for neutral hpositive . neutral positive positive scratched neutral with our neutral hpositive .
feels positive neutral neutral that neutral of boeser neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral negative neutral wingers and negator neutral neutral neutral .
ian hnegative . neutral hpositive sucks
ryan neutral . hnegative neutral neutral the guys neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral intensifier surprised if roslovic positive negator traded . intensifier if we neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . intensifier neutral neutral shows neutral the neutral games of the neutral
neutral neutral and neutral holden
neutral coaches neutral ?
neutral that edler has gp , neutral neutral neutral positive ( hpositive ) neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral and hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral that cal petersen 's neutral positive neutral with the kings . they neutral negative him negative of neutral , and the neutral that neutral hasn't positive called neutral sinc neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . positive signing him to that positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
griess positive neutral .
unless jt compher signs neutral neutral neutral with neutral , neutral positive gonna neutral and neutral paid . neutral negative neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral understated neutral neutral .
neutral severson . neutral positive neutral to negative neutral and neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . and neutral positive intensifier negator neutral we neutral him neutral than years when our neutral neutral positive has neutral and marino . that positive neutral neutral mentioning nemec . negative neutral invested neutral rd .
neutral neutral jt neutral eric johnson positive diminisher positive negator neutral neutral unless neutral takes neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
negative dumba hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral until thi neutral neutral positive positive neutral serviceable-to-good neutral neutral neutral positive neutral paid neutral to neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hnegative positive and neutral seems to neutral positive penalties neutral the hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( that neutral positive negator neutral neutral ) , intensifier , neutral positive that neutral negative .
the staals ( hpositive ) neutral the neutral ones neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral with neutral neutral neutral
loooooooch neutral hpositive to him , neutral hasn't positive hnegative . neutral positive hpositive positive positive neutral advertised . neutral positive hpositive neutral . positive 's neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of guys neutral neutral from the neutral that positive neutral neutral for spots .
if scheifele positive neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator excuses neutral for hpositive cheveldayoff wmployed
roslovic positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral until the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral how neutral neutral to hnegative . neutral positive neutral positive becaus neutral positive intensifier positive that you neutral when neutral positive neutral negator . neutral , roslovic positive neutral neutral hnegative of the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral how we neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to .
neutral neutral bergeron could neutral for neutral diminisher intensifier years if neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral workload , neutral thi should neutral neutral the neutral for krejci . playmaking-wise , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator predicated neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral of the positive players that thinks the neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator of neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative him neutral hnegative areas of the neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral years neutral and neutral positive looked positive gassed neutral the neutral month-ish . if neutral positive to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral for what positive hpositive neutral neutral playoff neutral and positive calls neutral neutral neutral . neutral him , neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral gonna neutral to neutral neutral neutral of our neutral acquisitions neutral .
gonna neutral putting jeff neutral neutral vibes neutral neutral sinc that positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
hnegative neutral neutral borowiecki positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral finds neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral negative off-ice neutral .
brian dumoulin neutral positive .
reimer . if we negative neutral neutral neutral goaltender to neutral the pipes we neutral hpositive negative neutral for cheaper than what reimer would negative
ryan suter
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral negative islanders neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive the neutral , neutral neutral stolarz positive neutral for hnegative . luka dostal positive our up-and-comer neutral from the ahl and negative to neutral neutral full-time hnegative , with neutral to neutral the neutral from neutral neutral neutral diminisher years . neutral hurts becaus stolarz has positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral takes him .
shit . they positive neutral .
neutral greiss and neutral positive negator neutral hnegative to neutral him neutral .
we positive neutral neutral of them intensifier neutral would positive : khaira , tinordi , englund , and stalock neutral neutral positive they positive positive neutral neutral . neutral and toews neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral would neutral them hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where they neutral . athanasiou could positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral seems to positive him and meh , neutral would negator neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral for neutral diminisher intensifier neutral years . we positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral negative defenseman positive neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative to positive neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negative caleb neutral ) , we hpositive neutral intensifier neutral negative guys eyeing nhl neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral has to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations negative positive katchouk and ree johnson neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral they positive neutral moved lol
wevr positive neutral diminisher players neutral hpositive diminisher negative holes neutral our neutral neutral we neutral for prospects that positive neutral the neutral of the neutral . guys positive chiasson , neutral , oesterle , hagg . neutral neutral oesterle and hagg neutral neutral for hnegative . the to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive of negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral
holl . mccabe neutral retained positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral kerfoot positive likelier than neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral negative positive .
neutral rittich and that positive hpositive negative .
neutral neutral !
jvr , braun , hayes , laczynski , neutral , allison
hayes and provorov .
freddi
neutral neutral , nic holden and neutral watson .
olofsson
intensifier neutral olofsson and bryson
caps neutral neutral positive ufa 's neutral neutral negator neutral neutral : neutral sheary irwin hagelin negative neutral negative neutral neutral of them positive neutral neutral .
neutral lucic
hpositive neutral lehner . that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral from the leafs , depends neutral the playoffs results of neutral neutral that positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive positive gustafson , neutral , kerfoot
neutral to neutral neutral fans : mcdavid
neutral pearson for neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative positive neutral positive if neutral plays neutral neutral positive the neutral of hnegative and neutral for neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral .
jvr . hayes , ‘eangelo , and hpositive provorov
oel seems positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative , intensifier we positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations kuznetsov positive neutral , neutral neutral has positive hnegative and neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral him hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral for him . thi neutral hnegative negator hpositive the playoffs neutral neutral , having him neutral negator hpositive positive to neutral if we neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral to diminisher neutral neutral playoff neutral
neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative if samsonov gets to rfa and gets neutral neutral neutral ( if the leafs negator neutral ) that would neutral the leafs with neutral and woll neutral the pipes intensifier ***yikes*** neutral for ufa / rfa negative neutral my neutral
lucic , neutral , ritchie . hpositive neutral .
neutral myers
myers
zach parise and semyon varlamov neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral
neutral , sevo , neutral , and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral ( neutral positive )
neutral positive negative neutral of them
toews
toews positive neutral neutral for hnegative
neutral pysyk . neutral positive positive neutral ir neutral neutral . negator positive neutral re-signing him .
dubois
hpositive neutral ritchie . neutral neutral negator against the neutral , neutral fits neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from guys positive pelletier , duehr , coronato , and neutral zary neutral neutral .
negative neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . longest neutral neutral , positive neutral hnegative to neutral him neutral , neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral .
kerfoot and holl
kevin hayes , jvr , proverov . neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral / neutral for .
kerfoot
neutral zucker has neutral positive the positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral and we neutral neutral neutral to intensifier hnegative him
hellberg and neutral
nazem kadri if we neutral darryl sutter
edler
zucker
neutral the fixings
neutral and neutral
neutral mantha
neutral neutral .
reimer
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral hoffman
hpositive johansen , that positive positive hnegative , duchene negator neutral hpositive and negative neutral positive , jankowski and our hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral would negator neutral surprised to neutral borocop neutral hpositive becaus neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral to neutral returning and we positive hpositive neutral loves guys neutral ltir neutral neutral negator / neutral negator neutral anymore , sanford neutral sucks and asplund…well neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
negative neutral gonna neutral traded neutral neutral neutral . and if justin holl neutral neutral neutral neutral letting reddit neutral my neutral neutral and neutral positive negative the leafs .
jonathon neutral . neutral positive hnegative
kane .
neutral calgary makes neutral intensifier of changes lucic , vladar , neutral , ritchie , positive positive positive neutral hanifin negative kylington neutral neutral
foegle . hnegative to the neutral , neutral hpositive . bouchard positive neutral to neutral paid , and they positive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral bjugstad signed .
toews positive neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral , becaus neutral positive neutral neutral with hpositive issues . these neutral diminisher games neutral neutral for him , neutral positive diminisher negative neutral 'em neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive what neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral with driedger neutral neutral and gru neutral that intensifier positive and daccord neutral standby neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral where we neutral neutral hpositive him neutral
if we neutral hpositive , neutral larson positive negator neutral to columbus . neutral the neutral neutral , hutchinson positive neutral to neutral
jeff neutral
for the hpositive of neutral neutral hpositive .
positive - heinen neutral - zucker hpositive - neutral , doumolin - jarri , desmith
hpositive brian dumoulin
jorst , mcliffy , neutral idk whos neutral my neutral and negator neutral you . neutral they prob neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
barbasev , tarasenko , mikkola , and o'reilly . neutral shit neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral would you diminisher neutral ?
neutral positive positive bedard positive positive neutral to neutral kane . positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral *wink wink* to him . " hey kaner ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral drafted to . they positive neutral neutral positive to neutral you , and we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral points positive " - - - - bedard neutral .
neutral positive we neutral neutral to neutral mikkola . hes positive intensifier hpositive , neutral positive hes played neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive for himself .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral heard neutral intensifier intensifier neutral that kane positive positive neutral ; that neutral “ neutral ” to neutral chicago neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral to neutral neutral ny neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative playoffs from the neutral neutral him neutral neutral could neutral that neutral ( and neutral positive intensifier , intensifier positive neutral neutral intensifier for tarasenko ) neutral neutral neutral kane could neutral . repercussions neutral for neutral neutral positive goodrow neutral negative .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral with kane 's positive if neutral neutral negator neutral lol . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative years to neutral of the neutral
the neutral has passed him neutral
neutral neutral if we neutral hpositive neutral tarasenko and neutral hpositive we neutral hpositive neutral if we hnegative diminisher pieces . kane for hnegative hasn't played neutral to the neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive with .
intensifier with intensifier than hpositive negator having neutral neutral neutral signed . bruins neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive gonna neutral
hathaway positive the neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral to positive hpositive neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral to negative swayman neutral neutral neutral negative contract… .
bertuzzi neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral opened thi neutral . neutral hpositive orlov positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral bertuzzi playing for the negative and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with neutral and foligno neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive orlov and bert to neutral , the others neutral would hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative hnegative ( neutral neutral cliffi ) . chances of bert and orlov ( neutral neutral neutral the hnegative ) staying neutral : neutral to negator .
cliffys the positive neutral for neutral . neutral hpositive the bruins neutral negative the neutral neutral acquisitions neutral thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive they positive hpositive that . resigning neutral of those guys seems positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral negator neutral clifton 's neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the bruins having the neutral to negative him . neutral cliffi neutral
neutral neutral we neutral neutral hathaway negative neutral neutral positive negator neutral we neutral bertuzzi neutral orlov
bertuzzi positive positive neutral positive we positive neutral marchy , jd and neutral neutral lw . hathaway has neutral hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive becaus of neutral the injuries thi neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral him neutral . neutral neutral rodriguez positive neutral neutral . landy positive neutral neutral intensifier we neutral neutral that neutral neutral . ejs positive ends and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral . eller positive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral if you neutral compher neutral neutral neutral positive , that positive neutral neutral . newhook hasn't neutral neutral to neutral anyth intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative compher positive hpositive neutral negative neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral and provides that neutral neutral of hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for the leafs , positive thi neutral hpositive ?
neutral positive positive hnegative for neutral reasons
if neutral takes neutral negative neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive mackinnon . neutral positive the avs neutral neutral neutral and if neutral takes neutral positive neutral to erod thi neutral the avs could neutral neutral . neutral my neutral to thi neutral neutral of messages positive erod negator neutral we neutral neutral him .
the habs neutral intensifier mistreated him , hnegative neutral neutral the fans neutral positive intensifier hpositive to him , which positive negator someth you neutral positive neutral neutral underperforming players neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive markets .
neutral neutral negator positive him that neutral thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier negative nhl-calibre neutral anymore ? hpositive has the positive neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive neutral numbers neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral negator neutral the negative to neutral those roles . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral switzerland neutral someth ?
nah , we positive negative him for and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive for years to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral assists , and neutral missed neutral negative of games
idk what neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral of neutral neutral sullivan likes ( negative neutral positive negator neutral )
neutral shit neutral neutral klefbom positive positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive . neutral would hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive
neutral
neutral what , neutral ? neutral likes neutral neutral , and we positive neutral to neutral what happens . neutral would diminisher offload yams than bjuggy . yams has negator positive positive and gets bullied . neutral hpositive him neutral neutral would diminisher neutral diminisher neutral than neutral neutral has fanned neutral neutral neutral chances .
neutral positive positive janmark 's negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hpositive for neutral , neutral idk if the neutral intensifier neutral him neutral thi neutral .
klefbom makes neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral loved that neutral , positive neutral
thi oilers neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral if klefbom negator positive that hnegative . larsson intensifier hpositive to neutral ( klef neutral neutral positive positive ) neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the negative neutral intensifier neutral positive would neutral neutral neutral to neutral . we positive neutral neutral of the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral with the positive neutral neutral the neutral .
you neutral intensifier ? neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive . neutral would negator neutral intensifier than neutral with neutral neutral . neutral positive you neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral if we neutral neutral / positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral positive that .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral rooting for him to neutral that neutral neutral neutral wins neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral against neutral .
hnegative hextall to neutral neutral hpositive of multistop
jeff neutral
neutral positive positive freddi neutral the neutral 's neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral diminisher hpositive than raanta , neutral thi neutral positive hnegative intensifier seems to neutral messed him neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral sinc neutral positive hnegative against neutral neutral feb / neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until these neutral negative of weeks
neutral 's neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier . neutral positive they positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral positive gotta neutral .
raanta has played against non-playoff teams neutral freddi has played against playoff teams with diminisher exceptions . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of them positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator positive neutral has neutral the hnegative . they neutral neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral we should hpositive negative kochetkov positive intensifier negative to neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral raanta neutral neutral username the neutral of neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral for neutral positive neutral / neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral kochetkov neutral the intensifier neutral neutral him neutral and neutral hpositive the neutral neutral .
negator positive . neutral neutral neutral the jets , neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral the hpositive . negator neutral neutral and gets neutral . intensifier positive him neutral neutral neutral to ehlers and neutral . dropped the neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral from neutral of roslovic , neutral , bemstrom , neutral , foudy
for diminisher neutral neutral positive loads of rumors that we negative him . neutral neutral negator positive if that positive hpositive neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral shocked if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
sucks neutral sevo neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral blackwood… negator hnegative neutral that .
neutral him neutral ltiretired .
snakepit
intensifier neutral neutral negative the neutral positive positive ? ive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier reviled neutral their neutral fans neutral the internet .
thi seems positive neutral intensifier neutral positive
neutral positive neutral shocked if they neutral negator neutral to neutral myers , neutral of neutral that positive neutral positive ( negator that that positive neutral the neutral neutral ) multistop
neutral positive the hnegative .
neutral negator neutral the neutral and takes dumbass penalties . if you negative negative hpositive neutral neutral hpositive negative the neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral takes the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral him .
that positive positive hpositive for years neutral lol . the neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral .
what neutral you neutral for him neutral ?
neutral holden deez nuts
players that neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral : edler ( neutral ? ) petersen ( neutral with positive positive ) neutral ( neutral ) macewen ( ufa ) korpisalo and gavrikov neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . we neutral hpositive neutral for them if they negative to neutral neutral . neutral involves neutral the likes of durzi , iafallo , etc .
hpositive neutral . should negator neutral signed him to neutral with
the dudes faceoffs neutral our neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral until thi neutral to intensifier neutral how neutral we neutral him
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral thi . kadri neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . our neutral neutral becaus of the positive neutral to them . teams neutral neutral hpositive to neutral jt positive neutral neutral that everyon has neutral that we neutral players ( kadri , malgin , compher… ) and hpositive them neutral hpositive positive they neutral . neutral hpositive jt neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive hoping neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral compher neutral , the sabres neutral neutral hpositive neutral faceoffs and neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the stats neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ? neutral negator neutral .
neutral intensifier hpositive neutral would neutral with neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral would neutral ej positive neutral neutral . avs neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral takes that . neutral positive neutral negative pairing defenseman neutral neutral teams and positive hnegative neutral intensifier . would neutral intensifier hnegative to hnegative him neutral the longest tenured neutral neutral denver .
neutral positive positive the positive neutral , neutral we neutral neutral negative of hnegative neutral intensifier of hnegative intensifier hpositive players and neutral sucks intensifier neutral
unless neutral takes neutral negative neutral positive neutral . neutral hnegative positive players neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations positive , gaudreau and gustavsson neutral neutral
neutral neutral that neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral of him neutral *out* of neutral positionally neutral , negator the hnegative neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive positive ends neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral negator positive hornqvist . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral the staals neutral positive negative for neutral
neutral could positive neutral them resigning him for neutral intensifier neutral negative . neutral would negative neutral , neutral neutral could neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral pissed neutral if thi positive scheifs neutral neutral positive that my neutral positive neutral to neutral to renumber/nameplate neutral of neutral jerseys .
you guys neutral negator positive scheifele anymore multiquestion what happened
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral nc neutral positive . neutral mentioned earlier neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator having them neutral neutral .
neutral neutral leafs neutral fuck neutral negator neutral for him to neutral , neutral neutral neutral of intensifier hpositive neutral bruins neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral . if they positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative neutral looks positive neutral could neutral neutral , and neutral those negative negative contracts that neutral you neutral hnegative hpositive players .
neutral of the positive beauties neutral the neutral .
we positive neutral him to neutral negative and neutral him ltiretirement intensifier neutral gets that neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral zucker positive the intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive jarri
fuck neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral would positive thi to neutral , neutral positive signed neutral domi positive neutral neutral , signed neutral .
you neutral negator neutral him negator neutral traded neutral and neutral negative hnegative neutral positive ? if they neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral " neutral . neutral , " they neutral negator gonna neutral neutral neutral . we neutral negator neutral the positive to neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral him .
dostal has positive negator neutral of neutral neutral the ahl thi neutral neutral the neutral 's hnegative neutral
neutral my homies negative greiss
neutral positive that neutral the neutral neutral . neutral signed for neutral neutral . hofer positive negative to neutral neutral . neutral positive , negator neutral for neutral negative neutral our neutral
" and for picks and the chicago blackhawks "
> neutral and toews neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral would neutral them hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if toews positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral for diminisher games neutral the neutral of thi neutral . the hawks signed neutral for positive intensifier hnegative neutral would neutral to neutral ahl teams .
nono we neutral katchouk and johnson neutral neutral commanders . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral him neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral the neutral neutral lol
stalock positive neutral hnegative grata for kd neutral how neutral neutral played . has neutral neutral wins neutral mrazek . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral finds neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
the neutral rfa neutral negative neutral positive suter . neutral pk thi neutral warrants negative positive
would negator neutral surprised if we neutral chiasson negative neutral . neutral positive positive negative neutral our neutral neutral sinc neutral the neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral for hnegative , neutral to the ahl neutral neutral neutral roles neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral diminisher negative chiasson neutral , neutral positive diminisher hpositive neutral neutral sinc neutral called neutral .
thi , and ned neutral hellberg , neutral neutral .
kerfoot positive negator neutral paid neutral neutral neutral positive
intensifier with neutral neutral of the lineup neutral neutral , hnegative holl positive negator neutral positive of negative neutral neutral neutral would neutral . neutral and holl neutral hpositive skills neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral into neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive to neutral if we neutral schenn neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral dave !
neutral neutral nashville neutral neutral hasn't neutral neutral with the jets , how has rittich performed thi neutral ?
neutral allison . the neutral of those neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral seems to neutral liked neutral the neutral . although neutral positive neutral surprised to neutral laczynski intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral ahl .
neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral could neutral the leafs neutral to neutral kerf . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . would hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral kampf .
hpositive neutral samsonov positive negative rfa intensifier your hnegative positive neutral non-issue
samsonov positive re-signing . neutral likes neutral neutral , neutral positive played neutral , and the neutral positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral positive negative rfa . neutral positive positive how diminisher you hpositive neutral the neutral you neutral neutral
neutral positive negative for the neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for what they neutral neutral to neutral . if anyon positive underperforming , neutral positive kadri sinc the asb . neutral positive diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral giveaways and hnegative neutral neutral .
what positive hnegative with neutral ritchie ? neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive for neutral sinc we positive him , hpositive than brett for hnegative .
neutral neutral to positive that neutral atkinson positive neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral these neutral . neutral positive cooked .
positive if we could neutral positive for kadri neutral positive neutral negative ditching that positive
shocked pikachu neutral
tarasenko neutral and neutral .
vova
yep , neutral goodrow neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral ufa , anyon neutral neutral him . that positive neutral unless neutral positive neutral hpositive with ny and takes neutral neutral team-friendly neutral , neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier positive bergeron positive neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral for scraps neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive that krejci positive neutral , neutral zacha has looked intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral neutral when the neutral has positive negative bergeron / krejci . neutral positive positive negative with neutral of hall-zacha-pasta neutral neutral .
zacha and coyle positive neutral . we intensifier neutral bergi neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral “ neutral neutral ” to neutral for the bruins . neutral positive neutral of the diminisher players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hometown neutral .
neutral thi neutral , re-signing swayman positive neutral the negative neutral negative neutral the offseason . neutral positive hpositive securing neutral neutral neutral neutral ( which neutral positive positive neutral bergeron ) . neutral that , you neutral neutral of swayman . neutral could neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of the neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral bert
yep , we positive neutral ( and hpositive ! ) neutral nieto neutral neutral neutral , sinc neutral positive positive intensifier neutral for neutral neutral . obvs negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher neutral .
ej hnegative neutral for neutral teamfriendly neutral negator . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . erod positive neutral neutral if neutral asks intensifier than what neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral negative neutral for positive neutral . eller , neutral . compher @ would neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral that and neutral neutral hpositive for compher positive neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral hpositive newhook , - neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop although multistop neutral would've positive negative hpositive neutral for neutral if neutral positive performed positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral played games and positive wayyy diminisher neutral intensifier neutral
for neutral neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator positive neutral our neutral
yup erod has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral thru our neutral neutral battling injurys . if drouin neutral poolparty neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral neutral of those to thi offseason .
if drouin neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral you positive neutral hpositive with what you neutral neutral . for the neutral hnegative years , whenev neutral would neutral neutral , neutral would neutral hnegative . neutral positive positive neutral neutral of neutral for the hpositive , neutral neutral positive mever intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral happens , neutral deserves neutral . neutral has points neutral neutral neutral games , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral and with diminisher positive iq players neutral neutral neutral plays neutral of negator . the neutral hpositive negator positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral wrists .
espesh quebecois playing for montreal .
neutral positive positive neutral of mtls hpositive producers neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral hpositive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive negative nhler . neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral from him
jo has points neutral games neutral neutral hnegative neutral with neutral shit powerplay . neutral could neutral into neutral teams' neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral him signing neutral with neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral montreal , positive neutral traded neutral the neutral if neutral neutral hpositive and builds neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher .
neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . our neutral would neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive and sexier if we negator neutral him .
yamamoto has negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral liked and neutral neutral neutral points neutral neutral diminisher injuries and hnegative issues . neutral positive negator hpositive they neutral him for bjugstad .
depends neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . for neutral positive positive neutral neutral with diminisher neutral to neutral neutral and positive the lineup . which positive hpositive what we neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral woodcroft 's neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral larsson neutral hnegative , becaus neutral neutral positive neutral idiots neutral neutral neutral with the negative " neutral for neutral " and neutral how neutral they positive diminisher neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral holds negative associations with hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral klefbom would neutral helped negative the neutral neutral neutral and positive positive the defensemen we needed . neutral non-stop neutral injuries neutral their neutral . hpositive klefbom neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
negator hpositive neutral takes neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral if neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral could neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral roots ! columbus
unless neutral wins neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral from where hes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral positive neutral 's neutral .
positive , neutral when neutral has the neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral shit . neutral positive putting neutral points neutral games neutral neutral neutral from negative and neutral *still* has the hnegative where neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive instances . whiffs neutral the neutral of the neutral , positive passes to negator , positive turnovers multistop neutral has neutral neutral neutral followed neutral games neutral neutral eggs , positive gets points neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier negative . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , which positive to positive neutral alternates neutral and and you hpositive neutral annoyed with the neutral . neutral neutral hnegative diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ppg neutral neutral of him , neutral neutral neutral , the jackets neutral negator that .
im negative with foudy negative neutral neutral
negative , merzlikins has positive hnegative . what happened neutral ?
intensifier hnegative that neutral stems from him neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative . positive hayes neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral would neutral neutral him neutral hpositive to neutral negative what neutral positive neutral with neutral the neutral diminisher years .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral sucks neutral sevo . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral for neutral and him that the devils positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and cost-effective defensemen than him that neutral would neutral hnegative and neutral deserves intensifier neutral than makes positive for nj to neutral neutral neutral sucks when neutral neutral walks that we positive neutral rathered neutral positive parise and neidermayer . neutral positive neutral when neutral neutral walks that would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and would neutral .
neutral positive neutral negative rfa intensifier neutral neutral negator gonna positive neutral neutral could neutral them neutral neutral neutral rights and neutral with vanecek and schmid .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive for neutral parties if neutral neutral positive . neutral could neutral neutral hnegative neutral and hpositive neutral passed the injuries that neutral haunted him . vanacek neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive and schmid seems positive neutral has neutral neutral neutral . we could neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral utica and neutral what we neutral positive , and with the neutral neutral that positive neutral needed to neutral thi neutral positive we neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral if neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral positive hpositive to neutral we neutral to neutral him . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for him .
negator intensifier , neutral hpositive has negative intensifier positive neutral and that positive neutral . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral that neutral neutral powerplay neutral neutral thi neutral our neutral has positive negative neutral of negative positive that positive hpositive neutral positive and neutral neutral hnegative things and neutral positive positive neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral . hpositive neutral of the hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral of the neutral that plays neutral neutral and neutral stands neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral . neutral the hnegative guys hnegative neutral .
our fanbase has positive intensifier intensifier negative and neutral neutral negative that positive negator neutral the boys hpositive neutral negator neutral positive . olofsson positive neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral we neutral neutral for guys positive kulich , rousek and savoie neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and our neutral neutral positive neutral . olofsson positive diminisher the hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with negator neutral neutral our neutral and we neutral neutral positive dman someth neutral .
neutral positive neutral for atleast to shit penalties neutral neutral
roslovic positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral the pk and the pp ( negator positive , neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral points per neutral becaus neutral positive positive positive . closest hpositive positive the neutral dvorak neutral , intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral
negator neutral . hpositive vancouver neutral intensifier positive neutral him neutral offseason neutral we negative and wanted to neutral him . negator hnegative what our neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive my positive negative
neutral would neutral you would neutral to buy-out peterson 's positive . positive anyon would neutral neutral unless neutral positive positive and neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive positive for you to neutral that . neutral neutral could neutral hnegative , gms neutral neutral things .
neutral neutral that positive hpositive positive positive haha . neutral has positive neutral neutral negative neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral years of neutral neutral neutral neutral , with intensifier hpositive analyt . neutral neutral of neutral playoff neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier of teams positive to neutral him . negator neutral 's neutral hnegative becaus of how hpositive the avs neutral . neutral positive neutral him accepting neutral neutral to neutral , which neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations happens .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral compher . negator hnegative what your neutral neutral positive positive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral that positive positive to neutral positive playoff contenders . negator the hpositive positive neutral , neutral brings neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative aspects . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations the avs positive to neutral him , if negator neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . severson neutral the neutral neutral neutral pairing positive hpositive neutral teams hpositive . severson 's positive positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive stretches where neutral hpositive makes intensifier neutral errors neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral and neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral and neutral positive to turnovers .
if severson neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral pp neutral . neutral positive negator the negative neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive the negative neutral the pk . neutral positive negator the hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral pairing . neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative 's positive players . the neutral of neutral assists neutral neutral . neutral positive negative to hnegative hnegative errors .
would negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral if yall could hpositive neutral neutral him neutral carts
neutral neutral hpositive diminisher of the hnegative positive positive neutral prospects neutral steps neutral .
lmao positive you neutral neutral negator hnegative . neutral hpositive looks intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive what neutral neutral negative remindme ! months
neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive negative ?
eh , neutral neutral they could neutral him neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive of neutral neutral him neutral hpositive neutral neutral has positive and negator slowing neutral neutral positive neutral years neutral .
neutral neutral the goaltender neutral thi neutral positive intensifier hnegative . unless the positive gm ( hpositive positive neutral into neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral point-fuck neutral reimer
fuck neutral neutral
neutral neutral having neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive gonna neutral neutral neutral . negator signing bonuses , to years neutral positive neutral of neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
the neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . teams positive neutral asking for neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive . it'd neutral neutral hpositive to neutral , neutral neutral buyout makes neutral intensifier of positive .
negator to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral repeats that positive neutral the nhl negative .
st.louis fans wings fans isles fans
ufa , neutral neutral that positive
neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral for hnegative , neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral dure the neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral the positive neutral . the jets neutral positive diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator intensifier neutral to neutral him neutral neutral negative . they could neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
“ neutral ” negative rfa positive negator neutral hpositive if the leafs neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral negative neutral . positive neutral neutral hnegative the books neutral thi neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral to samsonov neutral ?
neutral positive positive you neutral rfa means neutral for hnegative stays…
neutral , negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive seems hnegative and neutral diminisher neutral . hoping we neutral negative .
neutral would neutral negative neutral the negative neutral neutral positive neutral which positive positive boggling to neutral . neutral dube neutral the pp , neutral positive positive wheels and neutral neutral positive . ritchie positive hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive contributed neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive hpositive players that neutral negator neutral the hpositive neutral positive . neutral duehr hustles neutral neutral hnegative and positive putting neutral points . neutral him neutral
that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral atkinson to you .
knights positive negator negative neutral goals neutral neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral multistop neutral managed to neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral that from the rangers neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive where kane positive neutral . neutral neutral chigaco ?
neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral positive ! and bergeron positive neutral playing neutral negative positive negative .
neutral positive , hnegative of we positive neutral negator . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral , that positive what neutral neutral negative . would negator hnegative him if neutral wanted to neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that positive the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral has neutral neutral how hpositive neutral positive and if neutral tests the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier to neutral sinc the bs could negator neutral to neutral him .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral positive the neutral ( hpositive ) intensifier we neutral neutral positive neutral ullmark and neutral neutral neutral of prospects + picks from neutral neutral . would diminisher neutral swayman if we neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral offs . neutral neutral would hpositive to neutral nieto !
positive negator neutral neutral to neutral sjc 's neutral with nieto ? positive : sjc negator jsc .
neutral positive , and thi positive negator neutral of that negative bandwagon , neutral neutral girard neutral positive negator neutral hnegative positive . byram positive neutral neutral to neutral for neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive and has looked negative . if manson and him neutral hpositive , that'll neutral girard neutral the neutral pairing . that positive neutral neutral for neutral positive negative . and neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral makar has positive neutral . neutral neutral you neutral him for that if negator , you neutral landy . neutral positive neutral neutral and they neutral hpositive options positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral . positive compher and lehky with landy gives you neutral hpositive neutral positive and neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral . you neutral neutral malgin neutral neutral . neutral him neutral " neutral out' neutral could neutral neutral that neutral pairing neutral neutral . neutral neutral letting him neutral would neutral neutral hnegative . loc has neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral hpositive to hpositive bonafide negative neutral players neutral neutral to played positive compher and lehky that neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral you neutral them . newhook positive positive neutral intensifier positive jost neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral from the neutral to neutral with neutral neutral negative . neutral has commented that neutral positive negator neutral into neutral neutral positive , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral puljujarvi positive negative rfa and the canes negative neutral positive for him intensifier positive neutral negator neutral him neutral for neutral .
neutral has nichushkin neutral when neutral neutral neutral dallas . hpositive neutral neutral the neutral hpositive positive negator neutral neutral .
neutral !
neutral neutral neutral when hpositive
intensifier that negative . neutral negator positive positive neutral positive intensifier neutral sinc neutral played . what intensifier hnegative with neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral anymore multiquestion neutral seems positive neutral of the neutral injuries that should neutral neutral guys neutral neutral neutral
would you diminisher neutral yams neutral bjug neutral ? yams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral and negator positive neutral what neutral positive offered . neutral hpositive how positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral
neutral positive neutral . larsson positive neutral diminisher diminisher hpositive neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral would neutral intensifier hpositive with neutral positive positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they positive negative neutral negative neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to the rafters positive .
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral where neutral fits neutral with everyon hpositive + texier + voronkov
neutral neutral neutral sucks . hes positive neutral neutral and neutral positive hpositive for him to neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral for him neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . if neutral would neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral that would neutral neutral neutral we neutral guys neutral and we positive neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral him diminisher neutral and neutral deserves neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral positive played “ neutral ” hpositive than what we neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years . neutral deserves intensifier positive than neutral gets , everyon neutral thi neutral neutral has neutral plays hpositive of negative our eyes neutral . we hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral mistakes neutral intensifier , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral snags him
neutral could neutral neutral the neutral neutral paid ahl neutral of neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral , if neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , positive negative cures neutral negative negative stories .
neutral could neutral negative neutral coyotes neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral positive negative neutral hoffman ?
positive , intensifier of thi and diminisher of the neutral kane b.s.
sounds neutral of positive neutral neutral hronek
neutral for neutral hnegative devils fans neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for you . neutral positive neutral comings neutral from neutral battles neutral the neutral and neutral passes from those neutral of situations . that positive where neutral neutral . neutral positive negator that positive and neutral the devils neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive presented has resulted neutral neutral intensifier of turnovers neutral neutral of our neutral liners neutral neutral when we neutral and neutral neutral . severson has neutral neutral of that and although neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral has neutral intensifier of hnegative for him becaus of that and neutral intensifier . neutral neutral has negator positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral pairings neutral . when marino positive hnegative thi neutral neutral played neutral positive neutral neutral years and neutral neutral mins neutral neutral . hes positive neutral neutral neutral pairing and played with neutral neutral positive neutral the hnegative defensemen neutral the neutral , ohykituk neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and bahl neutral neutral neutral hpositive than neutral until neutral neutral bahl 's neutral has gained neutral and neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral your neutral positive with neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth defenseman that positive neutral neutral combo . neutral positive neutral with negative for neutral pairing neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral what neutral expected of him . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and has hpositive neutral when neutral positive defending neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral succeeds intensifier when neutral of neutral positive positive , neutral if we neutral neutral neutral our neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive gonna neutral neutral for neutral severson / brendan neutral to neutral neutral hpositive positive and neutral mistakes neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive than our fans positive , neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral than my sevo neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral to the jets neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive positive hnegative that neutral
neutral neutral maybeline
neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral reallllll neutral guy…
if neutral hpositive negative the jersey…
neutral , if neutral positive neutral neutral , the neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral . intensifier hpositive .
neutral hpositive greiss
neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral intensifier shit for neutral ( preds ) neutral neutral . seemed positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive negator neutral .
neutral gets moved , kerfoot positive neutral hnegative the books . that positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive for neutral negative reasons . neutral , neutral positive diminisher positive for rfas to negator negative with their teams if neutral qualifying neutral positive neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral negative , neutral would hnegative anyth the leafs neutral negator neutral to neutral would neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral . intensifier negative the leafs neutral neutral qualifying neutral ( which they neutral intensifier neutral to neutral ) neutral neutral positive to neutral samsonov would neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral the leafs neutral negator positive to neutral and neutral neutral / positive to neutral the leafs the required neutral picks neutral negative . intensifier neutral sammi 's neutral neutral the neutral positive negator hnegative neutral positive negator neutral neutral and him neutral negative rfa makes neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral resigns than neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive " for hnegative " staying , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral . and thi neutral positive neutral asking neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral " , intensifier neutral *restricted* neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral . neutral hnegative negative neutral you positive positive to hpositive neutral neutral that neutral ?
neutral positive thi positive neutral becaus neutral seems neutral has positive intensifier focused neutral our neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral having kane with mcdavid and the hnegative kane would neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , hnegative positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral the ltir for vegas until the playoffs .
sabres imo .
neutral hpositive if neutral would neutral to neutral for negative . negative neutral and neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral .
neutral
neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral to chicago to neutral the all-time neutral records , neutral neutral if they neutral bedard neutral positive diminisher neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive the friedman podcast neutral neutral neutral to neutral bergeron negator neutral neutral thi neutral . > friedman : multistop neutral you neutral the neutral ? > bergeron : ( *chuckles neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral than neutral positive positive neutral . neutral hpositive that , neutral neutral negator hpositive to neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to positive the neutral . > friedman : neutral positive you hpositive those decisions neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral into neutral neutral and positive " thi positive my neutral neutral " ? > bergeron : that positive neutral hpositive negative . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral , you hpositive , when neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral . > friedman : that hasn't happened positive , neutral negative ? > bergeron : negator ( *chuckles neutral uhh neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral that . neutral neutral neutral neutral that to everyon neutral . and positive you hpositive , neutral friends , teammates , hpositive , neutral . and you hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral 's negator diminisher neutral positive . >
positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator gonna neutral the neutral per neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral workhorse neutral intensifier neutral . we positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral ( sinc neutral has diminisher played ) . neutral would negator positive hpositive neutral neutral , if neutral neutral to neutral himself neutral neutral the neutral . the hnegative seems intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral hnegative for neutral .
what positive jsc ? neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral the bandwagon neutral , neutral neutral sinc byram arrived , neutral neutral positive positive of the positive of neutral him neutral neutral , for the neutral of the neutral . neutral positive positive improved neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative for neutral the positive players neutral the neutral to neutral against girard . neutral hnegative neutral ofc , mistakes neutral diminisher neutral intensifier . we positive neutral what happens neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral of hpositive for diminisher teams that neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , becaus neutral neutral neutral players neutral negative , that neutral neutral paid ( provorov , faulk , krug , schmidt , brodin etc ) neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral intensifier the positive positive positive diminisher intensifier neutral . hpositive neutral negator neutral our plans neutral my hnegative becaus neutral positive diminisher neutral that neutral for the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral intensifier negative for girard . the avs neutral neutral positive to neutral him , neutral they positive negator neutral anyth neutral ( neutral the neutral neutral ) .
>that 's neutral neutral for neutral positive negative . and neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral makar has positive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral thi becaus neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral to hnegative teams thi neutral : what neutral moves neutral for girard ? neutral 'solid neutral d' positive negator neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral for neutral neutral that has positive neutral years positive for neutral negative neutral and what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral centers of neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral , where negative neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ufa for diminisher neutral .
neutral could neutral him neutral to the avs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for that neutral and to neutral with mackinnon
positive neutral of my neutral .
we neutral neutral him hpositive
neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral neutral which explains neutral neutral neutral positive bombs toward the neutral of neutral playing neutral . neutral talked neutral how neutral hnegative neutral would neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral issues neutral neutral . hpositive neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral that neutral to the neutral to neutral neutral to neutral to neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral that , the oilers neutral neutral to neutral yamamoto for negative neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral teams neutral him negative neutral hnegative issues and negative , neutral neutral numbers playing with the neutral positive players neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral . intensifier you neutral negator off-loading him for neutral neutral neutral 's neutral of positive . it'd neutral neutral to neutral bjugstad neutral neutral the oilers insiders neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral becaus thi positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . and edmonton neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral him . if you could neutral hpositive of yamamoto positive neutral , neutral neutral you neutral to negative that neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral .
neutral erob neutral / neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the devs neutral the neutral diminisher years neutral positive neutral games we neutral the neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral him compared to the neutral ( neutral positive negative neutral neutral him neutral diminisher neutral for thi neutral neutral ) , and neutral positive positive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral with neutral becaus of neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , that hnegative of neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
haha neutral . neutral that hpositive fucks our neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral . and yep if neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the lehner neutral .
happened to dallas with khudobin . neutral neutral negator positive how they positive chicago to neutral him . loved the neutral , intensifier neutral that neutral hnegative neutral ; neutral the neutral of hnegative and neutral covid neutral him hnegative .
neutral neutral hoffman neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , olofsson neutral negator neutral neutral fiancée that has harassed dahlin and neutral girlfiend for neutral neutral hpositive negative
neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral jets neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral , interviewed neutral , seemed positive neutral neutral of the neutral , positive intensifier of neutral thrilled that neutral would neutral our neutral positive and hpositive neutral gm . hnegative the neutral neutral neutral intensifier seasons neutral shined neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . plays neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral for shifts , gets hnegative when things neutral negator neutral neutral , has negator neutral neutral him , gets neutral diminisher hnegative when neutral positive pissy , negator intensifier faceoff positive , and has neutral negator to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral dure frustrating hpositive . neutral neutral , neutral reports positive neutral positive neutral of the positive issues neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and playmak hpositive hpositive him negative hpositive , neutral neutral has positive from neutral neutral the eyes of the fans . neutral years of hpositive neutral neutral of arguably the positive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral kinds of positive neutral him…he hpositive seems hnegative . neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral our neutral neutral positive hpositive positive and neutral positive negator neutral loved neutral neutral neutral neutral positive putting neutral neutral highs neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral negative “ the glassman ” neutral ? neutral positive positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral domi rc and if kerfoot walks , neutral replaces him ?
kane positive neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier . neutral their positive negator neutral for kane neutral the pp , nuge positive the neutral to and
neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral ?
fuck hnegative negator positive . we neutral negator negative him .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral with giroux positive neutral should've .
neutral you positive him for anaheim ? they neutral the neutral neutral positive of neutral that has negative guys and neutral neutral . intensifier negator hpositive your guys neutral sitch neutral .
neutral him neutral neutral neutral from thi neutral neutral you neutral . we neutral negator neutral him and neutral negator negative him .
neutral positive that ! seems positive neutral neutral positive
neutral negator positive how intensifier neutral negator negative chicago to neutral bedard , hnegative lol .
neutral , hpositive neutral neutral what happens neutral the playoffs and the off-season , neutral could positive that neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator negative for that . negator positive neutral negative neutral haha .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral and hpositive when neutral plays for neutral ! neutral we neutral eller neutral the neutral for that neutral .
that should neutral positive sjc . neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral negator neutral the neutral .
negator hpositive that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral him , neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral . you positive neutral neutral intensifier negative defenseman neutral neutral costs neutral intensifier of places to neutral neutral pairing neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that . neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral defenseman that positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral and positive negative . neutral neutral neutral to neutral our neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral bowen byram positive drafted . neutral makes him neutral of hpositive . neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral negator to positive byram 's hnegative neutral . hpositive girard would hpositive neutral of positive neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of negative neutral neutral which ones neutral positive ? that positive the hnegative . avs neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator . neutral the hnegative with neutral positive you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral players . compher , lehky , newhook , malgin and rodriguez . neutral to neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . lehky positive neutral neutral neutral malgin has neutral neutral intensifier of promises . positive with landy neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral to positive .
klefbomismymom
neutral positive neutral yammo if neutral neutral drops . neutral positive hpositive him neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral imo
you neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral , neutral positive offload him for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral bjuggy , neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral him . neutral positive wants to neutral neutral , and neutral positive positive neutral . neutral positive negator negative the neutral opportunities neutral neutral positive yams neutral neutral positive positive hpositive neutral .
intensifier , that positive neutral someth lol
dubas neutral positive to neutral mrazek and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral with neutral diminisher positive hpositive neutral .
neutral negative the neutral to negative neutral positive neutral .
kerfoot positive negator neutral paid neutral to what neutral makes neutral
neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral . neutral positive to hnegative , positive erik karlsson
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive what kane positive neutral . neutral negator neutral him positive to neutral to neutral shit neutral for neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral with neutral that has neutral hpositive of neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral that kane positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral than kane when the neutral neutral starts .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral 's neutral events ?
we neutral neutral mcdavid and neutral 's and neutral negative with the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . we intensifier positive negator neutral hpositive neutral to neutral for the playoffs neutral neutral .
negator hnegative neutral you positive downvoted . you neutral neutral , negator neutral adams signs him
could neutral columbus , that'd neutral hnegative for intensifier everyon .
yams has positive positive negative intensifier than neutral opportunities to positive . to neutral , the neutral that neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral positive marti st neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral hnegative multistop becaus neutral positive neutral negative hpositive to neutral neutral and neutral shows . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral bjugstad positive you neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral negative positive and what neutral positive positive to neutral neutral the playoffs .
neutral has neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral - neutral intensifier crashed the neutral for chychrun . anaheim , chicago , columbus , montreal would neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive destinations than neutral .
neutral positive neutral would negator hpositive the neutral neutral hpositive . kenny has the neutral positive neutral neutral what ekholm has neutral for thi neutral .
positive you negator hpositive what neutral neutral gm positive neutral they hpositive diminisher intensifier hnegative decisions neutral . neutral could neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral seems positive neutral neutral matters the neutral to him .
oilers neutral the neutral neutral goals against of neutral neutral with neutral playoff neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral the hpositive .
neutral if you neutral bedard you positive lol
neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral bjug , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral adds neutral to the negative neutral kills penalties , and neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral . neutral scores goals negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to with neutral diminisher of - neutral the positive . if neutral signs for neutral that neutral would diminisher neutral that than yams neutral neutral hpositive neutral per neutral .
they neutral neutral neutral sinc the positive neutral started . if you negator neutral neutral hnegative from the neutral we neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , to the neutral we neutral neutral , positive neutral intensifier neutral positive you neutral negative hnegative neutral .
positive , negator . our neutral positive intensifier hnegative thi neutral that our neutral neutral positive that negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral players .
hahaha . neutral neutral noticed the neutral players with points . neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral of neutral neutral the d-core neutral negative neutral neutral with neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral the hobey neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started neutral
intensifier neutral hpositive . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and arguably the positive goaltender neutral ncaa neutral . neutral neutral noting , neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral the richter neutral hpositive . thi positive their neutral neutral negative the neutral ( primeau , neutral

negator positive . shoulda neutral the hobey negative . neutral neutral negator neutral positive the neutral impactful neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral decades neutral neutral neutral neutral that shit .
neutral dryden mckay ( hobey neutral neutral ) sv% neutral the echl
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of my positive neutral . how neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral ? neutral of the neutral negator intensifier hpositive ?
neutral if neutral the huskies could positive positive neutral neutral negative negative
neutral neutral of neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive having tons of positive , neutral 's shit neutral neutral neutral neutral hasn't positive mentioned neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral hpositive , neutral negator neutral . hpositive neutral neutral positive stacked with neutral teams . neutral they neutral the beanpot thi neutral with neutral , neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral , intensifier neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive rights for negative neutral
neutral of the neutral neutral years we positive eliminated becaus we could negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral what neutral could neutral we hpositive could negator neutral intensifier than neutral neutral .
negator neutral to shit neutral him . hpositive comparing the neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
what neutral if they neutral the capitals ?
neutral with the coyotes , blackhawks , and predators… . makes positive .

the capitols ? the neutral that neutral the hpositive neutral negative positive ?
positive the capitals neutral
intensifier jordie benn looks positive neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral
pssshh multistop negator goalies ? cowards .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral to visors ( and cages to negative neutral ) neutral that neutral positive looks hnegative negator them .
neutral neutral when neutral neutral , " remaining players that neutral negator neutral to negative helmets . " and neutral neutral positive negator that neutral neutral .
ryan o'reilly neutral lucic jordie benn ( neutral neutral neutral ) ( tampa neutral neutral ) negative neutral ryan reaves jami benn hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral : zach bogosian . neutral intensifier . neutral : fuckin kassian . should neutral neutral that neutral multistop
aka “ the fuck neutral and hpositive neutral ” guys . hpositive these guys .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator having neutral neutral and having neutral neutral ? neutral the neutral gets neutral the neutral of their neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ryan o'reilly
neutral neutral you neutral thi intensifier that reaves positive positive into my neutral multiquestion
neutral positive negator positive negator neutral , they neutral negative , hpositive neutral neutral kopitar .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral and positive what neutral positive neutral if neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive would negator neutral myself playing negator neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral positive my neutral and neutral neutral
positive aside… visors neutral neutral .
neutral visors required for players neutral ?
neutral positive neutral and neutral when thi meme would neutral neutral the remaining helmet-less…
neutral neutral benn-ror-tavares neutral
neutral my positive neutral of that neutral . hnegative
neutral iq of neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive hnegative neutral neutral the nhl . neutral negative neutral needed neutral positive neutral neutral zod .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the players neutral neutral negator negative *helmets* . neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral the visors ( which positive negator neutral neutral intensifier of inroads neutral the neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral .
if neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative would neutral neutral allowed ?
neutral thi neutral we neutral negative ?
studs .
plugs . neutral plugs . lol
neutral positive positive neutral would neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral negator neutral neutral becuase positive you neutral positive your negative neutral your neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral of your neutral lol .
negator neutral and reaves positive negative to neutral positive anytime .
neutral , jordie benn lookin positive hnegative from neutral
neutral neutral you photoshop gimley into the neutral neutral ?
that neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
isles negative the neutral
positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral reaves neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral negative neutral of auston matthews ?
the neutral knows .
neutral neutral the neutral helmetless neutral .
warriors
neutral positive neutral photoshopped ryan reeves neutral for neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral bennetration neutral thi neutral
of those guys neutral played neutral neutral playing for the leafs the neutral diminisher neutral
neutral gudbranson neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral ?
neutral neutral they neutral neutral diminisher ? positive negator neutral hpositive intensifier hnegative and visors neutral negative
bogo and benn neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dman positive nuts .
that neutral the neutral they neutral when they announced neutral neutral neutral waivers lol
positive positive kratos neutral skates
looks positive hnegative from neutral
neutral positive the negative looks hnegative neutral
reaves positive the neutral neutral that negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral
neutral neutral when neutral neutral hpositive craig mactavish neutral helmetless . neutral neutral neutral to negative all-star neutral becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral the neutral of neutral .
neutral positive that neutral craig mctavish neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral to you neutral that neutral years neutral .
neutral until cages neutral the neutral and the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
positive what neutral neutral positive lol . for diminisher neutral , hpositive carlyle neutral to positive . haha
you positive neutral neutral neutral the zach / neutral 's
played the neutral neutral , positive to neutral neutral the comments for ryan reaves , intensifier neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral . hnegative , hnegative , hnegative .
kassian you hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral diminisher neutral bulkier players neutral neutral , if we neutral neutral connections .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral bc of lou 's rules
intensifier neutral the lines of " things that hpositive you neutral positive neutral neutral mofo "
negator positive how neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral + burns has neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral the zach bogosian negative , if cups neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral ror
hey neutral neutral 's negator positive neutral neutral neutral jami benn
neutral lucic positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral
jami benn positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral
negative
neutral diminisher wanna neutral him ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral acctually looks neutral .
neutral neutral okay . visors neutral neutral negative when the players neutral them neutral neutral multistop
hnegative neutral neutral that neutral
positive the neutral from neutral
neutral neutral they positive mandated neutral neutral which positive neutral these guys positive neutral drafted neutral neutral earlier .
sinc neutral neutral negative of players neutral negator , positive . neutral positive for neutral diminisher neutral hah
neutral intensifier of players neutral negator negative neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral with if neutral neutral positive intensifier than nhl games played could neutral to neutral negator neutral and neutral grandfathered neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral dwindling positive . neutral and getzlaf neutral neutral that neutral to positive that neutral neutral .
negator hnegative jordie would neutral neutral with them neutral neutral
hnegative neutral . we positive neutral hpositive neutral of him !
negator
neutral played for neutral , to neutral . which positive neutral the negative neutral the neutral . intensifier neutral positive positive positive haha .
neutral positive neutral you hpositive negative neutral positive having neutral career-high neutral neutral points
positive ryan o'reilly neutral neutral neutral
ahhh neutral neutral jami benn and o'reilly hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral you negative for neutral ? bennaissance neutral intensifier words . neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that you neutral positive hnegative
neutral from neutral neutral to negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral of the positive things neutral . positive neutral socks hnegative that you neutral negative for negative neutral neutral what neutral hnegative the neutral positive when they neutral the neutral neutral hnegative for the neutral
neutral matthews looks positive negative egg-headed pedo
what neutral neutral neutral waivers ? that positive negative
yah intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral sinc neutral positive negator neutral the nhl anymore .
neutral looks positive neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral bangs neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral negative neutral
neutral looks negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral becaus helmets neutral hpositive neutral neutral . they neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral diminisher negative negative neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral of dudes heads neutral neutral them
neutral positive negative that they neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive positive . positive accidents neutral multiquestion neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral ? cuz if players negative to neutral their neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral that positive neutral them and seems hpositive neutral if neutral neutral neutral negator positive and helps their neutral . neutral hpositive than negative your neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral seemed neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral . for the neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive when neutral neutral to neutral concussions neutral neutral for neutral positive hpositive to neutral to the neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and negator neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive the meta , if the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral zegras and neutral players neutral would negator neutral intensifier positive to neutral
mactavish negator negative neutral negative neutral until neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral . they neutral negator that neutral neutral .
hnegative , neutral for someth positive that negator negative the hnegative stat neutral you neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive happened neutral neutral the neutral
that positive intensifier neutral than the neutral reddit neutral has positive positive , intensifier neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
fuuuuck that
thicc
lou transformed neutral from neutral neutral neutral pitt to neutral neutral neutral pitt
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him with neutral neutral neutral dure playoff runs intensifier hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral him having neutral neutral neutral the leafs
neutral you neutral positive neutral the neutral ? the neutral positive neutral
thatsthejoke.zap.branigan.simpsons.png
neutral neutral for neutral . thi shall negator neutral .
conne smythe neutral zach - neutral
aka neutral
neutral neutral neck-crosschecker jame benn
*at neutral neutral neutral neutral
facts . my positive .
neutral prefers neutral neutral kisses .
neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral rangers neutral , neutral negative . neutral you reavo ️

my neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral dudes neutral negative the neutral neutral the neutral of the heads neutral with refs for putting them neutral the neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral to positive . they neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative that neutral affects their , positive neutral shit neutral , and “ the neutral neutral neutral has to neutral hnegative of neutral hnegative positive neutral ! neutral neutral you neutral multiexclamation ” neutral neutral becaus the neutral and ‘league' neutral and they hpositive the rules neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative years neutral and that neutral the neutral of the neutral for neutral visors . my positive neutral of the positive positive that if you neutral called for neutral intensifier than hpositive neutral neutral neutral you negator allowed to neutral unless you negative the neutral neutral . neutral negative dudes positive positive into neutral and neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral neutral the hnegative offenders . neutral positive negative what entitled assholes diminisher neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive surprised to neutral the hnegative that visors neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral that thinks negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative looks neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive that positive hnegative .
thornton negative
hpositive
that positive positive
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive someth hpositive neutral negative neutral
neutral likes neutral holes neutral the neutral of tim horton 's .
neutral positive auston and neutral positive hpositive
the leafs , negator the negative
jordie , negator jami
neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive positive . neutral neutral diminisher neutral than , " negator negative neutral neutral " neutral my hnegative .
neutral ? neutral 's neutral neutral positive the neutral positive negative neutral that neutral negator negative cages . neutral positive positive the neutral , negator the neutral . neutral , neutral neutral hnegative that positive what neutral positive neutral neutral helmets neutral neutral neutral the and positive neutral we neutral positive .
nope , neutral esiasons neutral positive hpositive for that positive .
neutral negator neutral him negator neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral when lou neutral neutral the neutral neutral iirc
neutral positive negative neutral neutral my neutral negative
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral per neutral neutral
you hpositive neutral neutral of your neutral opinions from the internet . neutral positive neutral point-per-game neutral and positive of neutral neutral

ahhh the neutral “ i'm negator positive neutral ” hpositive
neutral 's neutral neutral thi neutral multistop mcdavid neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral than " negator that neutral neutral . "
ah positive , the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive of neutral neutral to neutral benn 's neutral , and neutral resulted neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral positive : that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral larkin , negator defending neutral . neutral neutral of the neutral has neutral neutral of positive
the neutral of neutral positive neutral . to neutral mcdavid 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . to neutral neutral neutral for years neutral someth , neutral neutral negator that neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral to the midsection , oshie neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral larkin neutral neutral neutral and larkins neutral neutral neutral hnegative of oshie into neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral if you neutral positive neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . years positive negator " hpositive the hnegative neutral " to intensifier neutral neutral . neutral for neutral neutral lives to that positive neutral neutral neutral of their neutral .
neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral the negative hnegative neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral the nordiques . that neutral neutral neutral ! neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ad-free boards .
the nastiest neutral of neutral neutral . positive , nastier than the throwdown neutral hockeytown . the neutral of quèbec neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral families . you positive neutral neutral habs neutral neutral and neutral nordiques neutral neutral , and the neutral would negator negative to neutral hnegative .
that neutral neutral positive neutral !
neutral toffoli has goals intensifier neutral , and neutral points . neutral positive positive our positive neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral
neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher things that hpositive neutral that neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive for neutral of neutral stats systems . neutral neutral impacts neutral positive positive and neutral neutral grows into playing neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , positive , neutral cozens . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sabre neutral negative neutral years and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . if neutral neutral neutral our neutral neutral thi years neutral everyon would neutral him neutral neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral negative neutral .
verhaeghe positive the neutral neutral negator named bure to positive the neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral talked neutral neutral neutral of threads neutral mentioning neutral him . luostarinen neutral has neutral handedly neutral the trochek neutral positive neutral neutral for the panthers , neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral
chatfield has positive intensifier positive . points from neutral neutral positive defenseman that , neutral to thi neutral , neutral neutral expected to neutral neutral neutral ahler positive intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral that stat positive . skjei hnegative neutral hpositive for thi ? neutral positive positive the neutral that neutral neutral has neutral hpositive to neutral goals thi neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral defensemen with intensifier than him neutral karlsson and neutral .
montembeault has positive neutral for neutral hnegative everyth . positive neutral neutral stats they positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive played neutral and would neutral hpositive numbers with neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . positive to neutral what happens neutral neutral with the habs goaltending neutral neutral neutral monti hnegative of the neutral . for the flames neutral would positive backlund . neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral points neutral , hnegative hpositive and plays neutral neutral neutral . reminds neutral neutral intensifier of lehkonen when neutral neutral with the habs and neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral of the canadiens fanbase positive positive intensifier negative with the avs . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations backy positive neutral neutral neutral .
dougie neutral negative has points . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral has neutral hpositive to neutral the devils defenseman points neutral and diminisher anyon positive negative neutral him
neutral cates .
nic dowd . neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral . positive underrated for the hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative eriksson ek . diminisher neutral neutral per neutral with positive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral nhl neutral of neutral checks neutral . intensifier hpositive neutral positive hnegative multistop
neutral , quinn neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral 's neutral of players negator neutral their neutral / neutral their neutral neutral lags neutral neutral neutral seasons , and neutral positive positive hindered neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral negative .
nugent hopkins positive having the quietest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral positive negative intensifier neutral neutral superstars .
neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral positive neutral numbers sinc arriving neutral chicago neutral neutral and has positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral has positive intensifier of the neutral hnegative our neutral neutral demolished and the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative . neutral positive neutral bonafide neutral pairing neutral that neutral neutral username neutral fuck neutral of minutes neutral positive neutral treated positive neutral hnegative neutral pairing neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral gets diminisher neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral hnegative for where the hawks positive neutral and neutral positive sucks becaus of the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier , intensifier hpositive neutral lol
neutral positive positive we neutral positive intensifier hpositive thi neutral that negator neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral what zacha has positive neutral thi neutral has positive underrated . neutral positive neutral everyth that positive positive asked of him and intensifier . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with krejci and pasta and neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral the hnegative neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier that those neutral neutral neutral their neutral , and neutral positive positive neutral . positive neutral games where we neutral diminisher injuries and we neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier positive cementing himself neutral neutral legit krejci neutral for neutral thi neutral . hpositive positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral for monti and has played neutral neutral neutral neutral lines thi neutral neutral hpositive roles , and neutral with positive . hpositive to hpositive neutral diminisher neutral to hpositive how neutral monti trusts zacha , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral krecji neutral against the leafs and the neutral neutral neutral that neutral matched the neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral the matthews neutral . and that positive with bertuzzi and pasta neutral neutral wings , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . monti intensifier , intensifier trusts him neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral positive positive positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral barabanov would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive , hpositive neutral entries , and positive hnegative neutral the boards . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral . neutral lorentz and sturm neutral positive neutral negative seasons .
neutral neutral giroux . neutral positive neutral positive our positive and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral expected neutral neutral from him , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral ppg and the neutral neutral neutral plays with neutral positive . intensifier the neutral neutral neutral , and the ebst we neutral positive sinc alfie
robo has positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral hintz has positive neutral ppg neutral neutral neutral their positive neutral neutral neutral . positive injuries negator hampered him thi neutral neutral would neutral neutral for goals
horrifying positive , neutral mev has positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral thi neutral than the neutral
neutral neutral
barrett hayton positive producing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral with points neutral games , neutral looks to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which intensifier helps the neutral . lawson neutral has goals and assists , intensifier hpositive neutral from neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral we overpaid him neutral offseason . juuso valimaki has points neutral games neutral the replaced chychrun 's neutral intensifier neutral and positive neutral hpositive neutral numbers .
konecny 's neutral neutral seemed to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral slowing positive neutral diminisher and neutral hnegative has goals points neutral games . neutral for anybodi neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral / negative pp and intensifier diminisher positive where neutral has to neutral diminisher everyth positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hayes with pts neutral games multistop neutral of to neutral neutral konecny neutral neutral nhl neutral % of points neutral has neutral neutral when neutral scores when hes neutral the neutral when hes neutral the neutral hes creating everyth for neutral . flyers neutral positive diminisher neutral negative neutral years negative with neutral neutral , neutral tippett and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral players thi neutral which positive negative for the flyers . neutral has positive positive flyers dman and neutral dman neutral / hpositive neutral neutral analyt , tippett has goals which positive neutral neutral and neutral has positive neutral neutral for neutral diminisher months neutral . **frost has neutral positive points neutral neutral games which positive neutral neutral nhl neutral that positive . ** seems positive hes neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hype and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral philly for neutral . neutral neutral cates positive having neutral selke negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral moved to neutral which positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
matheson neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral petry neutral neutral positive positive having negative negative neutral for the habs
neutral the jackets neutral *really* intensifier thi neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive positive thi neutral has positive chinakhov . neutral neutral neutral neutral has intensifier improved thi neutral ( and positive neutral positive hnegative ) .
neutral jensen has positive hpositive for neutral
neutral negative neutral positive : rasmus andersson . neutral positive neutral points neutral positive amongst defenseman neutral neutral calgary neutral that positive negator neutral for neutral neutral and has negative neutral powerplay , positive neutral neutral positive , neutral minutes neutral neutral and plays negative neutral the pp and pk . negative neutral negative neutral calgary fans neutral neutral neutral neutral positive : neutral hanifin . neutral neutral amongst defenseman neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral and positive thi neutral ( positive our neutral neutral years ) , positive neutral and neutral neutral you neutral him described neutral neutral “ neutral neutral positive neutral ” .
darnell neutral , intensifier positive the neutral . positive negator neutral the neutral neutral deserves becaus of neutral positive and the hnegative headliners neutral the oilers , intensifier with the neutral neutral neutral they neutral having , neutral neutral sinc ekholm positive neutral and neutral positive negator the neutral neutral positive ld neutral the oilers and neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral hardest minutes of neutral neutral neutral the neutral anymore neutral positive neutral neutral the oilers would diminisher neutral him than neutral him neutral and neutral and hpositive neutral neutral . legit intensifier neutral neutral pairing defenceman .
hnegative for the leafs neutral they neutral talked neutral neutral intensifier neutral leafs fans , neutral , and the fans of neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral giordano . neutral positive has points and has positive neutral of the neutral positive dmen neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral where neutral has positive neutral positive and neutral blocks shots positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral hnegative him and neutral the neutral .
dougie neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive and neutral goals . neutral of the positive neutral guys that neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral positive what we signed him to neutral .
uh multistop
novak , positive called neutral neutral dec neutral tolvy neutral claimed & has proceeded to neutral neutral points neutral games
neutral positive neutral with neutral rasmussen . neutral has positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and thi neutral positive the neutral neutral where we neutral him intensifier neutral neutral shifts . neutral has neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative and negative neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral battles and neutral the neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral and him neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral the wings neutral . they intensifier neutral negator neutral anybodi neutral neutral neutral with that neutral of neutral neutral . thi neutral the neutral neutral where neutral neutral myself positive negator " neutral neutral they neutral to neutral with rasmussen ? " neutral " neutral gets to neutral with rasmussen ? " neutral that neutral positive positive positive to positive battles and neutral the neutral intensifier we neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier of the positive that neutral him neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral hands neutral neutral for neutral neutral and positive diminisher hpositive individual-effort goals neutral neutral .
for the avs , neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral with injuries neutral neutral positive positive lehkonen neutral jt compher would neutral my nominations . lehky positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral totals , and has positive positive neutral the neutral neutral . we neutral neutral all-around neutral would neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive contributing intensifier hnegative than expected . compher has positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral , and the avs fanbase neutral predicting doom-and-gloom if we neutral neutral with jtc neutral our that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the playoffs sinc neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral low-end neutral neutral positive neutral held neutral " neutral " dure the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive thi positive the positive neutral of jtc that we neutral neutral .
neutral freder . neutral neutral positive intensifier impressed with him thi neutral . neutral has goals ( neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and points ( neutral positive neutral and you neutral neutral neutral positive playing with intensifier neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral . neutral could neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral if neutral keeps neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral defenseman negative roy , sattled with negative hnegative off-side durzi neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive . neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral gavrikov that neutral became diminisher positive and neutral attacks and neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral with durzi and neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral
jake sanderson has positive neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral . our positive defenseman thi neutral .
strome . neutral positive positive positive the positive neutral of neutral neutral with neutral , neutral becaus we sucked thi neutral , and we neutral the ovi neutral , neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral the neutral .
chri kreider neutral negator neutral putting neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral having neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . goals and points , which if you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral , which neutral positive neutral negative . if these positive neutral totals neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral becaus neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral positive the neutral has positive diminisher negative .
neutral cozens - - - - neutral neutral playing neutral neutral with neutral rookies .
freddi gaudreau plays neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , and wins shootouts positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative benning neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pairing neutral neutral having neutral neutral hpositive neutral points intensifier neutral ) . neutral signed neutral neutral for negative neutral years neutral thi
neutral freder positive having negative neutral thi neutral and positive neutral of the bruins fanbase neutral neutral negator neutral anyon negative neutral him . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral of points neutral neutral ) neutral compared to neutral neutral years neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral for the neutral positive neutral positive negative .
neutral neutral intensifier positive derek ryan 's neutral thi neutral .
rangers neutral neutral . neutral vesey ! neutral positive played neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral that has positive neutral our neutral thi neutral negative . neutral has *mostly* , neutral positive negative negative neutral for neutral
charli coyle kills penalties and has points with hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral
kirill marchenko . neutral positive neutral the neutral of the negative neutral leaders and neutral positive played neutral games diminisher .
couture neutral barabanov . coutch - - - - pts & neutral neutral take-aways barabnov - - - - pts neutral neutral for neutral and intensifier solidified himself neutral neutral neutral neutral hm : - if neutral peterson played neutral / neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral pts neutral gp ) - sturm has goals ish and neutral himself neutral the neutral neutral neutral - negative benning has positive neutral ( neutral with pickles )
neutral that neutral positive neutral points neutral neutral recognizing him neutral nuge has neutral positive underrated .
positive positive to neutral neutral heiskanen , neutral positive negative putting neutral neutral norris-caliber neutral and neutral positive positive negator neutral positive negative neutral him neutral the neutral
järnkrok has positive points . that positive negative for
ryan nugent hopkins . ain't negative neutral awards thi neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral points . neutral neutral neutral , neutral situations , hpositive neutral neutral paycut and signed neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier paid neutral neutral neutral spades thi neutral .
rasmussen would've positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral nhler to neutral neutral neutral for points .
neutral neutral vatrano , neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral anyth neutral goals and neutral career-high neutral points neutral arguably the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier hpositive , positive the positive off-season neutral the ducks neutral .
neutral copp
quinn neutral . averaging minutes neutral neutral , neutral for neutral + / - neutral the canucks with neutral for neutral points for neutral defencemen . and negator neutral neutral mentioned for the norris .
neutral toffoli
lol
neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral kempe regressing from neutral neutral 's neutral neutral positive . neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral positive someth positive neutral neutral goals . neutral has passed that neutral with goals and points ( neutral neutral positive ) , and neutral neutral neutral has positive to neutral neutral goals neutral someth . positive neutral neutral neutral earlier thi neutral negative !
erickson ek .
neutral zucker positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative amounts of neutral neutral of the neutral neutral years . neutral seemed primed to neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral of our neutral positive players thi neutral .
neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral for the canucks
ristolainen . neutral neutral hits . neutral mins neutral neutral , pk and pp . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative defenseman , and the analyt neutral the neutral positive . neutral positive neutral , negative neutral positive , positive ?
jarnkrok positive having neutral neutral neutral for points and goals . hes positive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral hpositive to the neutral neutral to how neutral neutral , neutral negator diminisher the neutral positive of neutral
calle jarnkrok
nuge until to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive kostin . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral of fernando pisani .
neutral foligno , neutral neutral neutral these neutral diminisher weeks intensifier shows . neutral neutral positive negative neutral for our negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral bergys right-hand neutral for the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral the neutral episodes from the neutral diminisher months of the neutral intensifier neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and positive the neutral .
jake walman
olli maatta
brady skjei
barzal neutral having himself neutral neutral neutral pre hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive zach parise . neutral positive positive negative neutral that negator dies , neutral brings intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive hpositive positive neutral . for what we neutral him , neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral for neutral per neutral .
negator neutral tb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive brandon hagel
barrett hayton has points neutral games thi neutral . that neutral negator neutral that positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral games thi neutral neutral neutral positive points . neutral the neutral neutral positive points . neutral the games thi neutral neutral neutral has points . sinc securing the neutral positive keller and neutral neutral neutral neutral has skyrocketed and that has neutral into neutral of the neutral intensifier hpositive lines neutral the nhl . hnegative players of neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jj moser neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and has points . neutral positive neutral neutral defenseman neutral neutral drafted neutral negative overager neutral the neutral of the neutral to years neutral . valimaki neutral claimed hnegative of waivers neutral to the neutral of the neutral and has points neutral games . mattias maccelli should neutral neutral neutral for the calder neutral and has neutral of the neutral positive stat lines neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral averaging shots per neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher than neutral per neutral thi neutral neutral neutral has points neutral games intensifier neutral . of neutral neutral the nhl thi neutral to neutral played neutral neutral neutral games neutral neutral diminisher shots than him . negator of them neutral intensifier than minutes of neutral neutral neutral per neutral . macceli averages neutral positive the neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
jt neutral
braden schneider has positive neutral neutral positive defenseman , playing neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral having neutral neutral penalties thi neutral ( hpositive neutral fights ) .
jt neutral . for how neutral the neutral loved shitting neutral him for hnegative neutral neutral and for neutral the neutral to neutral colin delia to neutral to the neutral , you positive neutral neutral would positive hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral per neutral neutral , neutral neutral the faceoff positive , has positive negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral the neutral neutral sinc neutral tocchet positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral you positive neutral to neutral to neutral hpositive of neutral positive and that positive intensifier hnegative , neutral positive neutral negative
brandon hagel neutral neutral with points neutral games .
filip gustavsson neutral neutral legit neutral neutral neutral traded for neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . negator positive negative neutral that neutral and how hnegative neutral fumbled
neutral mcleod . intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , plays with negative neutral , and positive neutral the neutral neutral faceoff % .
neutral positive negator neutral my neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral the neutral neutral intensifier has positive ( neutral sabres neutral positive positive to neutral neutral ) neutral alex tuch neutral my positive neutral dure neutral neutral neutral the knights . hpositive neutral of positive neutral of neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral positive intensifier goals and neutral intensifier points . hpositive . neutral shit .
akira schmid .
neutral negative wings fans neutral mentioned rasmussen , and neutral neutral with them . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier that neutral , my neutral positive larkin . that neutral sounds positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive our positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral ppg , plays neutral situations , plays neutral to neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral " neutral neutral should negator neutral positive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive overpaid " intensifier neutral positive neutral my neutral
neutral neutral has arguably positive the flyers' positive defensemen thi neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive cemented himself neutral negative nhler and could neutral the neutral ryan reeves . neutral neutral to neutral dispite neutral neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral that neutral has neutral neutral positive for neutral ( neutral negator neutral of positive positive neutral players would neutral ) positive neutral him to neutral neutral the neutral for the neutral years .
the neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral kirill marchenko positive diminisher neutral hnegative the negative leaders neutral goals with diminisher games than the neutral
brandon montour , hpositive . neutral for neutral points for defencemen neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral him hnegative the neutral of neutral to positive for the norris neutral including the hnegative neutral the neutral negator to neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral subpar dman neutral neutral pairing . him neutral neutral has positive negative neutral ekblad has positive negative hnegative and hnegative neutral neutral .
tommi novak , neutral positive positive negative thi neutral and evangelista , sinc neutral neutral neutral has points neutral games . parssinen has points neutral games , intensifier of neutral for our negative neutral neutral neutral
kappo kakko positive neutral negative to neutral neutral against , neutral neutral the “ kid neutral ” has positive neutral neutral diminisher of hpositive , you neutral neutral neutral chytil sinc neutral playoff neutral and lafreniere ( for hpositive neutral hnegative ) .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of negator to neutral the neutral neutral we needed . neutral and hits everyth .
calle jarnkrok negator negative neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral .
sammi has positive underrated thi neutral imo . neutral has positive neutral neutral goaltender for neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative and neutral positive neutral . neutral positive positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive intensifier hnegative when neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive negator the positive neutral neutral neutral 'show me' neutral neutral has positive hpositive than expected .
larkin positive neutral the neutral the positive neutral det , underrated neutral walman neutral chiasson .
toma neutral
auston matthews
kucherov . neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive . they neutral . neutral positive positive negator underrated neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral where everyon positive negative neutral makar , ovechkin , mcdavid , mckinnon , neutral positive positive neutral neutral has neutral intensifier negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral has positive diminished .
justin faulk , the neutral 's positive moves . neutral hpositive neutral would positive intensifier . neutral negative neutral neutral to positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral anyon intensifier neutral underrated neutral the leafs ?
neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive devils suggestions neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier . toma neutral . neutral positive negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral has positive intensifier neutral thi neutral . neutral has positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral of our neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
connor mcdavid , hpositive the hype matthews positive neutral neutral to thi neutral . neutral how neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral of , neutral , neutral . should neutral talked neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
savageclap neutral has positive intensifier neutral
neutral neutral
erik karlsson . hpositive negator negative neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the sharks neutral intensifier hnegative thi neutral that neutral makes what neutral positive neutral that neutral intensifier positive and that neutral diminisher noticed . neutral positive neutral of counterbalances how neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral negative , which positive neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral that neutral positive putting neutral hnegative numbers . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative years and neutral neutral neutral their minds neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral that underrated . positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral diminisher others intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral noticed .
if we neutral negative underrated neutral positive neutral positive barkov…… neutral lomberg positive neutral freakin neutral . if we positive neutral neutral neutral of lombergs we hnegative negator hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral larkin positive negator underrated
isaak phillips . neutral 's neutral legit nhl positive defenseman .
marchenko , positive negative neutral for goals for cbj .
jt compher has positive hpositive
neutral would neutral to positive hayton neutral maccelli . we neutral diminisher guys that neutral neutral and could intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral years neutral they neutral drowned neutral the neutral *around* the coyotes neutral negative neutral how negator neutral the coyotes neutral neutral neutral .
foegle .
negator neutral lol , barron has positive hpositive neutral
hampus lindholm . negator neutral mentioned neutral the norris neutral
neutral would neutral neutral rantanen neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . positive , georgiev . neutral positive negative neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral
casey mittelstadt neutral has points
doug glatt from the halifax highlanders positive neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive underrated neutral into the neutral .
sinc you positive mentioned tommi novak , neutral evangelista positive neutral negative neutral negative neutral positive playing negative and producing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
pavel buchnevich . if neutral positive negator for injuries , neutral would neutral neutral points neutral neutral . neutral , alexi toropchenko positive neutral to neutral into neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral the years to neutral .
neutral zucker
sergachev has points neutral games , and neutral positive looked neutral neutral neutral of neutral outings . neutral seems to neutral overshadowed neutral negative , kuch , vasy and neutral neutral which neutral negative makes positive .
j.t. compher has intensifier neutral neutral to negative the gaps neutral the neutral of neutral our injuries . negator neutral superstar , neutral neutral hnegative contributes .
ullmark positive gonna positive the vezina becaus neutral gaa positive hnegative neutral neutral fuck juuse saro has positive intensifier goddamn hpositive .
neutral drouin . neutral neutral neutral neutral per neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral scores neutral our neutral goals when you neutral to the neutral
neutral positive neutral downvoted for thi , neutral neutral drouin . sinc neutral neutral positive positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral for assists , and they neutral neutral hpositive . neutral hpositive to shit neutral him becaus neutral positive “ trendy ” and hnegative becaus neutral positive negator neutral superstar , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and sets neutral neutral teammates positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral spurgeon and brodin neutral underrated , middleton has positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral talks neutral him . neutral positive positive negative hpositive neutral to our blueline . hpositive our dman neutral
roope hintz
vincent trocheck . hpositive neutral neutral offs , has negative neutral to him , and has hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral mates neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral for neutral
neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive tommi novak
tommi fuckin' novak , neutral looks positive negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral
neutral positive played for neutral my positive teams and killed neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral retires neutral neutral .
intensifier hpositive negative for aav
neutral hpositive neutral that , neutral my favourite neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative than neutral
neutral positive positive negative negative . neutral positive neutral positive neutral
neutral positive positive intensifier neutral negative , neutral should've neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral of kadri imo .
that positive hpositive ! neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral with the habs
neutral hpositive him
neutral foli neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive huberdeau and neutral to neutral toffoli positive that neutral would intensifier neutral neutral neutral with huberdeau neutral him the neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral toffoli neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral you guys neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive , neutral the neutral , you hpositive , to neutral neutral for benning .
neutral positive neutral . neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral plays . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative .
neutral intensifier positive toffoli . hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral has neutral positive underrated for diminisher neutral
neutral hpositive how everyon loves neutral foli , neutral neutral neutral kings / habs neutral intensifier neutral neutral sooo intensifier hyped when we positive him . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
dahlin and neutral neutral hpositive opposites neutral neutral neutral neutral dmen neutral . dahls has neutral intensifier of positive and pizazz to neutral neutral ( hpositive neutral neutral neutral ) wherea neutral hpositive understatedly neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive things . neutral neutral positive hpositive , negator neutral to positive neutral positive hpositive than the hnegative of neutral . neutral to neutral onto thi - has assists . that positive hpositive neutral of neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral seasons negative . if neutral could neutral the neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral intensifier of heads .
gotta neutral mittelstadt imo . of fans neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive how neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral . neutral negator heard neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral .
negator to neutral neutral cozens neutral that hpositive with neutral rookies neutral ( for neutral the neutral ) and years neutral
neutral cozens positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral teams if zegras neutral gets positive aav intensifier than him , neutral neutral gonna neutral
sounds positive my hpositive positive neutral neutral
neutral 's negative rostered % and points per neutral neutral hnegative reinforces thi neutral . neutral positive positive the recommended neutral hpositive neutral my neutral neutral when neutral positive negator putting neutral numbers . neutral averaging points per neutral which positive intensifier neutral for neutral defenseman neutral rostered neutral of leagues neutral espn . for diminisher neutral ryan neutral neutral the devils has neutral points per neutral neutral and positive neutral and positive rostered neutral neutral of the leagues .
neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive panthers games thi neutral , luostarainen has intensifier neutral neutral . would hpositive him neutral my neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral has intensifier negative neutral the expectations neutral positive for him neutral to the neutral . intensifier positive neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral negative .
skjei and chatfield positive would neutral my neutral , neutral noesen . skjei has arguably positive our positive neutral defenseman ( neutral slavin ) neutral neutral putting neutral diminisher goals .
negative neutral we neutral him neutral
neutral hpositive chatfield , neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral the canucks . neutral neutral positive they neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral
skej positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral where neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral to neutral noticing
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive underrated neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral burns has positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral negator positive they positive him with neutral retained , neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive .
montembeault positive negative negative hpositive neutral negative
neutral positive positive we neutral him neutral neutral intensifier of lists neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that , neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral neutral neutral the monti hype neutral sinc neutral neutral . neutral positive positive for montreal neutral positive neutral neutral neutral kovacevic , neutral positive hnegative hpositive seasons for hpositive reasons neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations .
neutral neutral stats neutral positive diminisher hpositive . neutral has goals hpositive neutral expected . neutral goals hpositive neutral expected ( per places him neutral the neutral neutral of qualifying goalies neutral the nhl
if karlsson neutral negator having neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral dougie'd neutral neutral intensifier hpositive ( neutral ) . neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral .
yup neutral neutral . dougie neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral hpositive the playoffs neutral the neutral started . everyon positive neutral the makar and neutral hype neutral . lindholm and mcavoy neutral putting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . erik karlsson , neutral positive of to neutral the neutral 's hnegative positive , neutral puts neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral positive the norris . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral of positive defenseman neutral gets diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral dougie . hpositive to neutral neutral positive neutral nj .
anyon neutral the devils positive having negative underrated neutral dougie , hischer neutral vanechek and neutral diminisher others neutral neutral how neutral neutral nhl positive hpositive neutral lights neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral
hnegative than the positive neutral mvp neutral , that positive the neutral points neutral neutral negative sinc the neutral , featuring kovalchuk with and neutral with neutral would hpositive for dougie to positive neutral 's points and neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral to hype neutral marino , neutral dougie positive the negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral of messages neutral .
ristolainen , negative
neutral positive positive positive hpositive thi neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral him neutral the neutral negative years .
neutral neutral neutral playing against him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral minnesota , kid neutral hnegative hpositive .
neutral positive positive the flyers neutral neutral diminisher guys that neutral neutral of underrated and having hpositive years . neutral the diminisher flyers games neutral neutral neutral tk has positive neutral , cates and tippett neutral looked diminisher hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral has positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral my positive positive positive neutral flyers and neutral neutral committed to the bedard sweepstakes neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral him that the flyers neutral neutral hnegative neutral they neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of positive positive . hpositive with torts neutral them that they positive negator gonna neutral neutral positive neutral for the bedard-off
dowd & strome for hnegative
neutral jensen negative . intensifier negative held positive the neutral positive rd neutral for neutral neutral neutral with neutral carlson neutral . the caps hnegative thi neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator the positive hnegative . they hpositive could negator neutral intensifier than neutral goals neutral of the neutral .
positive neutral neutral the neutral
neutral negative to neutral to neutral neutral positive . neutral could negator neutral positive our lineup positive when we sucked .
eek positive neutral of the positive neutral neutral players neutral the neutral imo . neutral positive negator hnegative neutral to neutral the neutral neutral deserves neutral
neutral thi neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral you negator neutral him underrated neutral intensifier . hnegative the negative hnegative positive neutral hnegative neutral intensifier than kaprizov 's . if neutral positive negator neutral we neutral negative to neutral intensifier neutral postseason .
the neutral that neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral anyon with him neutral their norris neutral positive hpositive neutral . intensifier hnegative having neutral points among defensemen and neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral than karlsson should neutral you neutral the neutral .
positive that the neutral of nj devils neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive hpositive positive neutral for what karlsson positive neutral . we neutral hpositive the norris positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , what neutral neutral !
neutral and hyman neutral hitting neutral highs neutral the scenes
how neutral points neutral from neutral neutral neutral assists from mcdrai ? gotta neutral neutral of neutral points negator positive ?
neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral that neutral circlejerk intensifier neutral neutral neutral overrated that neutral neutral intensifier underrated .
neutral intensifier depended neutral him recovering from the neutral hnegative neutral positive , neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral how hnegative neutral neutral positive having intensifier to neutral with how neutral fits the neutral neutral of the neutral than neutral neutral negative positive / hnegative .
subscribing to zacha facts
zacha neutral positive that neutral positive . things neutral nj hpositive negator clicked for diminisher neutral ! neutral neutral of hpositive needed neutral neutral of neutral
unironically intensifier proud of him . neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral the devils positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive zacha could've positive neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive for zacha . neutral neutral positive neutral for you neutral . negative for our neutral neutral !
adding cliffi neutral to the neutral . neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral , diminisher negative .
pablo zaka positive neutral the intensifier neutral
sssh . you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral barabanov . hnegative diminisher neutral gotta neutral hnegative . ( positive neutral , neutral positive positive to neutral , and positive flies neutral the neutral . )
neutral positive hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral
neutral pavs putting neutral negative diminisher ppg neutral neutral neutral and neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive roope . feelings positive neutral positive neutral hnegative
neutral positive neutral negative sharks games neutral and positive neutral neutral hpositive ! neutral negator hnegative if neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative of neutral hpositive games . intensifier neutral neutral positive playing neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral those hnegative sharks teams . negative injuries positive him ?
wat ? neutral and aman neutral positive neutral thi neutral .
you neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral wondered neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive , neutral , hpositive neutral neutral . hpositive what neutral teams would hpositive to neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ? neutral *was* the neutral . neutral positive asked for him and neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral that neutral . we positive positive for neutral negative neutral neutral , which positive what we positive . neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral for the habs , neutral you neutral neutral him neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the panthers neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral diminisher of the nicest plays for neutral dman neutral neutral neutral neutral ( ot vs the devils idk what neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive ot finishes neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral negative neutral negative negative positive . andddd positive neutral keith yandle…
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral petry ? neutral positive their positive neutral that they wanted neutral guys ? neutral negator positive that neutral from neutral
what ? neutral what neutral neutral matheson neutral neutral negative ?
neutral would positive marchenko with neutral goals per neutral positive my cbj neutral .
jensen positive hpositive negative neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral to positive darnell neutral neutral !
ekholm positive intensifier intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral helped bouchard hpositive neutral games
neutral neutral hpositive / neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stat neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive . neutral has neutral positive to hpositive “ positive mistakes ” neutral neutral plays neutral neutral of neutral neutral against the hnegative teams positive players . oilers neutral positive hpositive with than negator .
neutral positive pretending that neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral negative dman for the neutral neutral of the neutral when neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral mind-boggling
jarnkrok negative . neutral neutral neutral of the positive neutral neutral seems to neutral positive to positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral .
positive neutral hnegative to neutral nylander positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ?
järnkrok has neutral from neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral playing with matthews neutral the neutral playoff neutral . neutral multistop holl multistop neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral of neutral ( neutral neutral ) hpositive wanted to neutral him neutral . neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral neutral , and neutral neutral we positive neutral negative hnegative neutral him neutral when neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
zucker has positive hpositive , which neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral . neutral positive hpositive when neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral performing neutral and negative neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral if neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive positive neutral o'conner neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral him positive vasi from neutral feet neutral the neutral
novak positive my neutral negative , neutral positive positive negative hpositive neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral , neutral with the neutral of our negative neutral , neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral our neutral
neutral positive tommi novak positive our neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages becaus neutral positive positive nuts .
neutral positive positive georgiev . neutral positive intensifier neutral questions neutral him when we neutral that neutral and neutral positive positive playing positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive compher . and hpositive positive kadri , neutral positive neutral himself neutral of neutral with neutral neutral neutral .
the nhl neutral negator neutral neutral him neutral negative negative for the calder , which positive hnegative . neutral positive positive hpositive than neutral , neutral gets neutral with neutral starts , positive positive the neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral could neutral from neutral , kreids positive neutral hpositive neutral . trocheck negative putting neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , points-wise . and that positive with someth positive posts neutral .
neutral positive hpositive
intensifier neutral positive hpositive , neutral negator positive neutral that . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral . thompson neutral positive neutral of my favorites and neutral intensifier positive cozens negative
and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that plays intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral teams . neutral positive neutral of my favorites neutral the neutral . him and tuch neutral neutral from the neutral neutral
neutral diminisher of our negative neutral having neutral positive seasons ( klim , mcleod , foegele ) , nursey negative . the numbers hnegative negator neutral compared to the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive positive
neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral
hpositive that neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral the rangers
neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral positive multistop neutral neutral negative neutral him neutral , neutral thi neutral , hpositive to neutral neutral
negator to neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral would neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral seattle , neutral him neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negator negative to neutral negative nhl neutral . bringing neutral copp allowed rass to hpositive neutral neutral negator overthinking .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral for neutral diminisher
you neutral positive
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral intensifier of negative neutral the playoffs . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . point-lite
neutral neutral neutral fl intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier of bolts games neutral negative neutral neutral negative , neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive how negator to neutral hnegative
my friends and neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher neutral . diminisher becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral our hnegative neutral , and our neutral positive positive neutral sens neutral
neutral positive positive neutral talked neutral intensifier neutral - neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit - neutral neutral neutral hpositive scratched . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for minni and neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral neutral neutral positive projected neutral sens neutral to neutral neutral of their neutral futures neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher underrated for neutral . hpositive neutral from neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral faceoffs and neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative , bypassed neutral neutral neutral totals hnegative neutral with neutral diminisher hnegative injuries that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral into the neutral when needed . neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral diminisher becaus neutral tends to hang neutral the neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral has neutral neutral positive when neutral positive hpositive . hnegative neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral the neutral until neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral our negative to toronto , positive neutral negative neutral him for neutral neutral .
tuch positive neutral and hpositive neutral everyth neutral neutral positive negative ( neutral , neutral teams neutral neutral ends , neutral , positive , playmak and intensifier neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral . and neutral plays neutral negative neutral for thi neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral neutral of the intensifier hpositive guys neutral the neutral neutral neutral the negative negative of neutral . neutral negative negative dawg / neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive . of the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , the neutral positive neutral neutral alex tuch . and neutral positive negative that neutral hpositive has neutral tuch 's becaus neutral cozens positive the neutral neutral . these guys neutral when they neutral neutral the neutral
hpositive , neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive positive neutral the prospects neutral neutral , larkin negative having neutral neutral neutral positive underrated .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral neutral downvoted . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral goals thi neutral neutral positive playing hpositive neutral , which neutral gets overlooked .
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral points positive neutral neutral neutral hits neutral the diminisher postgame threads neutral neutral neutral from what neutral could neutral lol
neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of minutes neutral you neutral neutral lomberg . neutral neutral neutral the flames neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . diminisher positive bennett . and tkachuk . neutral .
with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier negative neutral . intensifier loved him when neutral neutral neutral mtl
neutral , neutral positive negative , neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral what jake virtanen positive neutral multistop neutral dammit
hpositive neutral jim intensifier minutes
mittelstadt positive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive positive underrated amongst our fans neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral .
dahlin neutral negative positive the neutral neutral neutral penalties where neutral has negator neutral the neutral neutral that neutral
neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative to the neutral neutral of messages intensifier neutral hnegative , neutral that sounds hpositive positive mcdrai . mcdavid positive hnegative and hpositive , neutral draisaitl hpositive neutral hnegative hpositive things .
of fans neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive hahah . neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
mitts makes blunders that neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral and positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral the things neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral the neutral with intensifier hnegative fans . neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral cozens positive neutral to neutral negative neutral we neutral neutral neutral to the playoffs . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hahah
neutral to neutral , anaheim positive positive neutral to neutral zegras neutral negative neutral . which neutral neutral to my neutral neutral , zegras positive anaheim 's neutral positive ( neutral neutral from the neutral positive neutral ) and cozens positive hpositive negative neutral of our neutral negative pieces . anaheim fans neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive negative zegras gets neutral neutral neutral which positive intensifier of neutral positive neutral how neutral of neutral hpositive cozens positive could neutral than zegras negator hpositive that .
positive negator underrated neutral these parts , neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral points from neutral defenseman - neutral the neutral from negator hnegative than tda . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
fuck dought neutral
neutral
uh , neutral you positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral someth ?
ristolainen positive neutral of the neutral positive players neutral thi neutral . neutral the years neutral has hnegative neutral intensifier of hnegative and for neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral seems positive neutral intensifier has positive neutral neutral neutral deserves neutral neutral neutral the neutral d-lines and neutral neutral makes the neutral iihf neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier negative with neutral . neutral has neutral positive levels neutral neutral . neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral nhl projected neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral and positive negator neutral intensifier than neutral nhler .
neutral neutral neutral strome . positive positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral him neutral the intensifier neutral , and folks would neutral neutral . neutral mitts neutral intensifier positive , they neutral draped neutral the shoulders of neutral monarchs
neutral neutral neutral positive that chiarelli traded for reinhardt neutral of hpositive neutral eriksson ek positive they positive positive neutral to neutral .
yep , neutral positive negator neutral neutral talked neutral neutral that norris neutral .
matthews
if hyman neutral negator neutral neutral those called neutral goals , neutral would negative the neutral with neutral goals .
nuge positive the neutral that stirs the neutral neutral the oilers pp . of neutral mcdrai neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral the pp numbers with and negator rnh and neutral positive diminisher neutral hnegative .
neutral has intensifier goals than mitch marner , neutral positive negative neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral points and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral your negative neutral
hnegative durr durr neutral of mcdrai hurr durr . neutral has points , neutral him diminisher positive .
the toews neutral
neutral neutral my neutral negative neutral neutral neutral you guys neutral neutral neutral of him
yep , neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral
neutral negator positive hpositive . neutral feelings positive the neutral has hpositive positive neutral negative neutral for him and neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral looks positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral anymore .
playing neutral neutral of neutral hnegative goaltending and hnegative neutral for neutral of the neutral positive neutral that . if you neutral the games neutral positive intensifier positive that neutral and aman neutral positive neutral hpositive negative players .
neutral becaus we neutral negator negative to neutral him . teams neutral neutral , neutral neutral wants to neutral neutral and we negative him neutral , hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral cooley 's neutral neutral neutral
montreal and the islanders neutral neutral the neutral teams neutral the neutral where positive positive “ negative ”
petry 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rules dure covid and neutral neutral travels . neutral neutral neutral hnegative for the neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral . we positive neutral hometown neutral neutral neutral with matheson and has played neutral . petry positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral negative thi neutral neutral for everyon neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral dure thi intensifier neutral and hnegative neutral .
ekholm neutral positive what the oilers needed . neutral neutral .
to neutral neutral , neutral defensemen neutral neutral negative defensemen .
intensifier neutral neutral fans positive neutral neutral defenseman hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral them neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral of preds fans that neutral neutral that dante fabbro positive the positive neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral them neutral for him to neutral traded for neutral neutral neutral , that neutral positive neutral sub-nhl neutral , etc .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral for jarnkrok neutral calgary . failed neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral leafs neutral neutral neutral willi has positive talked neutral neutral . positive neutral finishes with points , that positive negator that negative . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral seasons with points neutral games . neutral the neutral seasons neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral games , neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive , neutral negator hnegative . willi , intensifier among leafs fans hasn't positive neutral thi negative .
neutral positive cooled hnegative neutral the neutral neutral , which positive neutral neutral hasn't positive talked neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral gonna positive zucker . neutral 's positive neutral neutral . positive neutral to neutral , poehling , and the positive
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral - neutral positive positive played neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher expecting that .
trocheck positive neutral neutral neutral offs negative . neutral negative .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral mika neutral neutral negative neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tbh . you hpositive neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral chytil positive having neutral neutral neutral
neutral tossed kakko neutral neutral . neutral the neutral mentioned of the kid neutral .
positive neutral positive we positive neutral neutral them neutral neutral for the neutral years .
neutral neutral : neutral has positive hpositive the neutral , kuch , hagel neutral negative neutral neutral . positive neutral into the playoffs .
that neutral positive the neutral from what neutral neutral neutral . having neutral negative goalies positive neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral neutral blew neutral neutral hpositive how neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral feet neutral the neutral and positive hpositive neutral from neutral the intensifier neutral neutral . intensifier negative . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral hpositive how psyched neutral looked to neutral to neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with you guys .
that positive neutral my neutral .
neutral 's neutral jake virtanen 's neutral
neutral hated him neutral neutral the neutral neutral the kid has intensifier neutral neutral positive .
everytime we played you guys neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral plays and neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral that flies neutral the neutral for neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral wants neutral positive intensifier neutral , if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and hpositive linemates neutral would positive neutral neutral point-per-game neutral , neutral positive neutral improved leaps and bounds positive thi neutral
zegras should neutral neutral neutral . neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral that positive negative
what comp neutral you neutral that you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ?
hnegative , neutral neutral to positive that would neutral the neutral points neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral to thi neutral
looks positive you neutral neutral neutral with thi neutral
neutral would neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hitting points
we neutral neutral neutral these neutral
how neutral neutral neutral you neutral outta your neutral and positive that marner positive positive neutral the neutral nuge positive . neutral 's neutral intensifier neutral
our neutral plays neutral neutral that positive neutral . nuge would neutral our defenseman and positive positive neutral lmao
yeh neutral positive neutral mcdrai diminisher positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral players neutral positive intensifier hnegative
positive , neutral feelings positive neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral ! helped hpositive robo and hintz legit neutral liners . has neutral intensifier neutral for the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral . has wyatt johnston neutral with neutral neutral multistop the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral liked him neutral sj neutral when we positive neutral rivals . neutral neutral diminisher guys that hpositive neutral your neutral .
petry neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral jeff petry that positive years positive negative negative neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral for montreal lol
neutral when we neutral positive the neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative defenseman if you neutral negator neutral , you neutral neutral neutral negative
and they positive neutral neutral neutral to when that neutral neutral neutral fucks neutral . they positive neutral neutral and neutral when neutral fucks neutral neutral negator when anyon neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral tweener having neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral . we hpositive him .
the neutral positive neutral him and matthews neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral nylander 's neutral intensifier neutral , and negator becaus of neutral neutral of the positive .
positive the leafs to neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral hpositive neutral points positive hnegative .
ahh , okay . neutral seemed positive neutral neutral neutral for points .
negative neutral hpositive neutral for strome
yup , neutral positive positive neutral hpositive / hnegative neutral to neutral neutral that neutral hpositive . neutral to negative playing against him , neutral thrilled when we signed him .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral for the neutral diminisher years neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral the nhl negative . marcus hogberg , for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral things neutral negator neutral neutral for him and neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral sweden . neutral for gustavsson positive neutral of those trades that looks hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral .
neutral . thi positive intensifier intensifier . how'd neutral negative positive you neutral intensifier hpositive ?
neutral they neutral him hnegative of neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral years and neutral earlier thi neutral our fans intensifier hated mitts . neutral positive positive intensifier neutral to neutral him neutral into neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral tears neutral neutral hahah . that neutral / / cozens / / zegras neutral positive positive intensifier stacked neutral positive .
should negator and positive neutral hpositive arguments hahah . def positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier than neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral diminisher than cozens neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral positive of the sabres neutral negative neutral to eichel becaus neutral neutral neutral our positive neutral . zegras has neutral neutral positive neutral .
intensifier , neutral neutral ?
*struck hpositive neutral neutral !
~~jesus~~ geesus , hnegative having neutral guys neutral neutral neutral neutral ? nutzo .
that positive how we neutral the neutral negative !
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative that the largest neutral neutral positive positive neutral how neutral the neutral nuge 's neutral positive . neutral neutral yourself and your neutral
hnegative that hnegative . marner positive neutral the neutral nuge positive
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that nuge neutral intensifier hpositive positive marner… neutral , you should neutral your neutral neutral of your neutral
negative . where'd neutral the neutral neutral you ? neutral onto the neutral wildcard neutral neutral neutral ?
touché !
positive neutral neutral / neutral contracts neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral . if fabbro neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral would neutral negative positive with him . neutral with neutral 's positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral when negative duchene neutral neutral haters positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator playing neutral to neutral positive .
intensifier , neutral neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral you neutral positive neutral that the neutral positive intensifier neutral focused neutral . leafs neutral neutral neutral neutral -
neutral , that neutral looks hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral that passes intensifier of studs neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral those guys neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive and hpositive .
hpositive caufield , boldy , seider , byram and dach to that neutral . positive positive neutral of the positive drafts neutral positive years .
negative to neutral neutral neutral cozens neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
hughes' positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral points
positive neutral neutral negator , neutral positive happened neutral neutral edmonton pittsburgh
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative how neutral the oilers fans neutral neutral the leafs . neutral neutral yourself and our neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral .
neutral gets neutral neutral neutral the playoffs .
hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral gunna positive the hnegative points neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive stretching for that when the defenseman points neutral for the devils comps him against neutral neutral neutral of famers neutral
you diminisher tiramissed neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with the oilers and the pens , neutral if that positive to neutral neutral thi neutral of neutral neutral would neutral intensifier positive boggling .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that nuge neutral intensifier hpositive than marner… neutral , you should neutral your neutral neutral of your neutral
the islanders neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the playoffs sinc
ohhh my neutral neutral , neutral neutral for dougie to positive neutral 's points from and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral dman positive neutral
boooo
neutral neutral neutral of hpositive kane hnegative neutral neutral imo
intensifier neutral hnegative neutral that ?
negative , neutral positive neutral hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral neutral ️x
the neutral neutral has neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral : >the tampa neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier than the neutral coyotes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , which positive the widest positive neutral . neutral to thi neutral , the positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral and the lowest neutral neutral neutral neutral – and the neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral seasons neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral diminisher fans neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for the neutral neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral negator diminisher the neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral via ltir than neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral until playoffs for neutral reasons multiquestion neutral teams should neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral . if you negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral negator neutral owning negative nhl neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive thi the neutral where neutral neutral neutral to neutral them neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral to quebec neutral someth ? feelings positive that positive what diminisher neutral neutral gonna neutral .
thi positive neutral the neutral neutral inducing " neutral " positive neutral neutral . teams that neutral negator negative to positive neutral neutral positive negator . the neutral teams positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral with , neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral , those larger teams neutral positive to neutral intensifier neutral into the neutral
the hnegative neutral positive positive neutral that the neutral neutral has neutral midpoint ( from which the neutral neutral and neutral positive positive ) and neutral the teams neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral with you that neutral teams neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral , and neutral neutral negator positive neutral teams neutral treated positive neutral neutral and neutral how neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive . should neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral provides intensifier hpositive and neutral for neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral would hnegative teams' fans neutral outraged neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral itself diminisher neutral ? that complaining positive neutral self-interested . negator cares if neutral bends the rules to hpositive itself hnegative .
> neutral teams should neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative that would negator neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive intensifier negative . neutral the players would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if the owners neutral , and sinc neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral the owners neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral with . neutral would neutral neutral hnegative if neutral the teams neutral positive to the neutral , neutral to the players complaining neutral neutral neutral intensifier . and neutral positive negative to neutral my neutral when they neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral quebec , hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral , and neutral the neutral .
neutral until you neutral neutral how shitty finances for teams neutral decently-sized markets positive pittsburgh and neutral could neutral neutral the neutral neutral introduced , and how intensifier fucked neutral neutral to neutral neutral small-market neutral neutral neutral the positive teams neutral your positive players becaus you intensifier could negator neutral to neutral them neutral neutral positive salaries . the positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive hpositive with neutral , neutral ; positive teams that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral the positive they neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher of neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive players from orgs that negator neutral to neutral them and positive neutral neutral with neutral superteam than neutral positive neutral to neutral players yourself . everybodi neutral neutral neutral fans intensifier hated the warriors for that neutral positive . neutral neutral negative the dodgers for neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral what they neutral neutral neutral no-cap neutral . toronto would neutral neutral stamkos negative neutral neutral could negator neutral .
matthews would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator the coyotes , neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral anymore . they neutral positive thi neutral for neutral years . negator neutral neutral they positive positive neutral neutral . negator positive neutral hpositive owners . negator neutral their taxes / neutral . they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral to the neutral neutral becaus they neutral to neutral hnegative neutral to “ positive neutral ” . they neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative of chl teams . and they positive neutral neutral *at least* negative years . what positive negative neutral neutral the neutral gets neutral ? if neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral , the neutral positive neutral and they neutral neutral intensifier neutral . if negator bettman saddles the neutral with negative neutral for negative neutral decades with neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral the neutral neutral decades intensifier neutral would we neutral him to neutral ? the org has positive negative neutral hnegative neutral for intensifier neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral positive neutral neutral anymore . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral that positive and positive neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negator negative to intensifier neutral bettman neutral negative neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral negative when the jets neutral to winnipeg .
positive the neutral positive hpositive for the neutral , it'd neutral positive for leafs habs rags fans for neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral negator neutral
>to neutral neutral small-market neutral neutral neutral the positive teams neutral your positive players becaus you intensifier could negator neutral to neutral them neutral neutral positive salaries if you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral players . neutral owners neutral negator to .
what positive the diminisher neutral neutral sweden that positive positive owed negative nhl neutral for the years positive ?
neutral positive , neutral negator neutral that hpositive neutral neutral .
for hnegative ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral deal…
bettman positive negator the neutral of the nhl , neutral represents the owners .
neutral positive into neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral my positive neutral how neutral neutral fans hpositive their neutral leagues negative . the positive leagues neutral europe : neutral bundesliga - bayern neutral has neutral neutral negative titles . they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral the neutral favourites to positive neutral that positive nuts to neutral . ligue - psg has neutral of the neutral titles . they neutral positive their neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral negator neutral positive their neutral neutral that hpositive anymore . they neutral owners neutral neutral neutral the champions neutral . serie neutral - has neutral neutral neutral teams - juventus , neutral , ac neutral . napoli neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral and positive neutral the neutral neutral sinc that neutral of thi neutral teams neutral negator positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral - neutral positive the positive neutral . neutral neutral teams neutral negator to the negative that the hnegative leagues neutral . neutral liga - neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral and neutral looks positive barcalona neutral neutral hnegative refs for neutral diminisher of their neutral seasons .
yankees neutral positive the negative neutral for years and negator neutral sinc thi positive neutral richest teams positive negative neutral the nhl if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive .
how could neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral sunbelt neutral neutral smdh
my hnegative neutral positive positive positive
neutral neutral , neutral positive , neutral neutral negator . the yankees neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ( neutral nyy standards neutral neutral ) , neutral when neutral the neutral neutral they positive hnegative ? they neutral neutral missed the playoffs hpositive sinc the neutral neutral neutral and their hnegative recod neutral they neutral positive neutral for years neutral sinc they neutral the hpositive to positive positive . neutral google neutral shows from oct intensifier negative the neutral negative years , that neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral years neutral neutral ( the marlins ) positive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral negative , neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the winners positive . neutral , neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral the nhl ( can't neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of winners neutral to neutral hnegative ) . tampa has positive positive the neutral negative of years and hnegative neutral winners neutral positive diminisher positive positive neutral positive contracts ( toews & kane & keith & seabrook . neutral malkin letang fleuri . kopitar doughti neutral negative . ovi backstrom carlson oshie holtby . you neutral the neutral ) . what the neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier teams to neutral " positive spenders " . the canes , devils , negative , jets , kraken neutral positive hpositive teams neutral neutral positive their neutral neutral the neutral would neutral neutral hpositive if the leafs , bruins , rangers , kings , neutral knights positive neutral neutral neutral rosters positive .
halifax , ns has neutral neutral neutral the neutral years . should halifax neutral neutral neutral neutral ? yotes neutral neutral failed neutral , mathews neutral negator
hnegative , neutral when halifax 's metro grows neutral neutral negative
would neutral neutral seats neutral the neutral
neutral positive diminisher neutral if the nhl values neutral neutral
they neutral the neutral intensifier than the neutral . neutral hoping neutral . neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral metro you neutral hpositive neutral fans . neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral , hnegative scheduling
neutral , neutral teams neutral neutral .
becaus neutral positive to neutral neutral tv with him positive and neutral positive negator neutral bars neutral neutral
mcjesus hasn't neutral positive
nhl neutral builds neutral neutral hnegative neutral to the neutral
neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral guys neutral nailed into the boards hnegative neutral hnegative .
we positive neutral and neutral , what intensifier neutral you negative ? / neutral
becaus neutral neutral negator scheduled
fwiw neutral neutral positive playing neutral .
wanted to neutral the kraken neutral
negative scheduling . neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral died .
hnegative neutral becaus of hpositive neutral ?
negator hpositive neutral jerseys positive .
neutral died bro
neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral positive neutral .
neutral - to - ( neutral neutral neutral of neutral ) to ( rescheduled positive to neutral neutral for nsh , neutral negative buf ) looks positive they neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral games neutral the neutral neutral neutral they could intensifier that neutral neutral ( and neutral 'blindness' positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral games ) could neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral you neutral multiquestion
neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
diminisher viewership / neutral neutral holidays which neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
games . you neutral negative games .
players neutral paid when they neutral neutral neutral stat , which messes with neutral calculations negative neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator games scheduled neutral neutral holidays . / neutral
neutral should neutral negator games neutral neutral when neutral the holiest of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral im gonna neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral whl games to neutral neutral .
becaus neutral hpositive
neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral to diminisher of the neutral hnegative comments neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral from the reddit negative hotline . neutral neutral hnegative hahahaha . whoever referred them to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral you
hpositive neutral . which makes negator positive . neutral positive hpositive intensifier negative neutral the neutral should neutral played . neutral teams should neutral . and neutral the neutral of neutral neutral we positive neutral the refs neutral neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral where neutral positive neutral and everyon neutral has to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral to neutral their holidays hnegative .
intensifier neutral of the “ neutral ” players neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth and positive their bibles and neutral seafood
hnegative neutral , hnegative hnegative neutral
neutral , everyon positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
becaus neutral christians neutral the neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral .
they neutral the neutral hnegative neutral negative of the
the masters
becaus bettman hates neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive .
they gotta neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
masters neutral neutral neutral that neutral espn neutral .
bettman
neutral neutral the nhls neutral scheduling positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
becaus neutral positive hnegative multistop neutral neutral for neutral
neutral hpositive
negative .
neutral neutral my coworker neutral neutral neutral neutral
the nhl positive neutral fearing , hnegative those heathens neutral the nba
neutral neutral positive for neutral mcjesus highlights neutral .
how hpositive neutral the neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral games
neutral montgomery implored bergeron to neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral bergie refused unless the neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral complied .
what happened to neutral of neutral and neutral
hpositive neutral , neutral ratings , hnegative neutral
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral the cba that negator neutral neutral positive
neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral .
neutral hpositive that , positive the neutral
thi positive neutral to the hpositive neutral neutral . the hnegative neutral positive neutral guarantees neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral teams would neutral hnegative if neutral makeup neutral positive required . intensifier neutral neutral neutral we neutral postponed games positive to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to the neutral of the neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative the playoff neutral positive neutral negator neutral pushed neutral .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive positive to positive neutral dammit
“ neutral saves ! neutral , neutral , they neutral ! ” / neutral to negative for thi
our neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral played positive multistop
we positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral
of neutral the reasons , neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive neutral . patric bergeron neutral years neutral .
neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral calgarians rn neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
lol neutral
positive
positive if hpositive
neutral : they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral scheduled for neutral
neutral of the neutral neutral
neutral fuck , games . games . ***
neutral positive negator negative scheduling . they negative neutral neutral to neutral playing neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , which positive neutral . becaus these games neutral intensifier neutral to neutral playoff implications , they negative to neutral neutral of the teams neutral neutral neutral the the neutral neutral of neutral back-to-back .
neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral , hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral to the positive neutral positive !
neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral claiming this… neutral neutral neutral games neutral ( negative ) neutral ?
negator - neutral years neutral games neutral hpositive neutral . neutral of those neutral thi neutral hpositive happens to neutral hpositive neutral .
fanatics fucked neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
and neutral positive neutral neutral for the masterton when neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral positive that neutral .
negator diminisher - neutral years neutral games neutral hpositive neutral . neutral of those neutral thi neutral hpositive happens to neutral hpositive neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral games scheduled neutral negative positive ? hpositive fridays negator that positive
negator - neutral years neutral games neutral hpositive neutral .
negator - neutral years neutral games neutral hpositive neutral . neutral of those neutral thi neutral hpositive happens to neutral hpositive neutral .
negator - neutral years neutral games neutral hpositive neutral . neutral of those neutral thi neutral hpositive happens to neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral you positive neutral ? diminisher bomb-ass games neutral .
negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and would neutral neutral things for bergeron
positive neutral positive the holiest neutral for thoust intensifier negative neutral thine feet neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral games played neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier unless neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral buying that . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral scheduling neutral . positive neutral diminisher neutral thi neutral with negator games for negator intensifier neutral , neutral for neutral broadcasting issues .
that positive hpositive positive the bruins and flyers neutral hnegative intensifier neutral negative .
makes neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral errands neutral positive and negative neutral
that would neutral neutral hpositive positive positive , neutral neutral positive neutral postponed games they positive moved to the the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral
that neutral bullshit . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
patric positive neutral neutral . mcjesus positive the neutral .
neutral neutral negator mathologist neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral teams competing against neutral hnegative . that means if neutral neutral the negative games neutral hpositive the negative of teams playing neutral neutral neutral that means neutral teams neutral playing neutral . neutral positive neutral you the neutral neutral neutral neutral you guys would negator positive neutral .
neutral shit . intensifier neutral teams hpositive anaheim neutral playing neutral the neutral neutral ? that positive negative .
thg positive gonna hpositive that neutral neutral hnegative .
and for diminisher neutral neutral neutral of them neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral et ) intensifier if you neutral neutral neutral tv neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral negator positive neutral they negator negative games neutral neutral positive minutes neutral to neutral that positive , neutral positive negative neutral buzzkill to negator neutral positive to hpositive neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral !
neutral positive negative all-play !
neutral neutral they neutral for that neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with my neutral , and we positive intensifier neutral neutral the games . neutral we neutral the neutral , neutral neutral that we positive consumed neutral negative kokanees . neutral asked her how neutral she positive . that neutral neutral neutral multistop
thg positive neutral to neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral from the nhl 's neutral neutral neutral where neutral of neutral teams positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral to games .
positive thi the neutral neutral neutral knights neutral that nhl teams neutral playing neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral you positive to the neutral where the leafs positive their neutral positive neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
my negative positive that when neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative they hpositive to neutral neutral to neutral their neutral and neutral " neutral and neutral " intensifier , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . wherea sundays neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . everyon neutral positive sits neutral neutral of neutral tv and lounges .
neutral positive the sickest bro
shitload of neutral services neutral . viewership would neutral wayy positive
neutral positive the neutral neutral hpositive positive of the neutral neutral and features negative intensifier negative negative of neutral neutral services
ffs how hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral for you neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral looks positive you shared negative amp neutral . these should neutral neutral , neutral amp positive hpositive becaus of neutral neutral neutral **the negative page** neutral : ***** ^ ( i'm neutral neutral | ) ^ ( neutral & | ) ^ ( neutral :
neutral hpositive neutral neutral games multiexclamation
neutral neutral intensifier negator positive neutral you neutral neutral downvoted . r/hockey 's negative against the nba strikes neutral neutral negative
that neutral has massacred my neutral neutral hpositive , and neutral would neutral neutral neutral things for bergeron .
>would neutral neutral things for bergeron negator neutral for him neutral to him
for him neutral *to* him ?
neutral neutral intensifier could neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher holidays neutral the cba intensifier neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral negative hpositive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral makes positive to neutral negator neutral diminisher games and positive intensifier neutral neutral
neutral positive negator hpositive becaus neutral pulled ot neutral of my neutral
neutral played .
neutral sacrificed neutral neutral with neutral cups intensifier neutral superstars neutral neutral their
neutral you neutral neutral neutral “ neutral . ”
uhh , neutral neutral negator you neutral positive the spreadsheet and hpositive neutral the games
intensifier steiner neutral vibes
neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral to neutral to neutral neutral jerking neutral .
that positive negative neutral neutral positive neutral playing neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral
you neutral to neutral your neutral to neutral neutral positive
positive , luv neutral negative neutral
hes neutral neutral to neutral hpositive details for neutral neutral and im neutral to positive neutral negative neutral positive how neutral follows hnegative games neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reminds neutral of things that happened neutral the neutral that neutral positive that neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral previews .
if you neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral ads
neutral positive positive you neutral intensifier with neutral . neutral neutral diminisher hpositive than the leafs negative neutral neutral positive them neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral of thrones .
neutral dunno , neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral
that positive neutral neutral died
neutral ‍️ neutral neutral inclined to positive neutral positive hpositive how the scheduling cookie crumbled . hpositive neutral has negator neutral positive neutral planned “ hnegative neutral ” positive the neutral neutral — neutral positive games neutral neutral .
neutral neutral shit neutral of neutral services neutral neutral with intensifier neutral neutral neutral with their families neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral positive neutral catholics neutral anyth neutral hpositive neutral ?
and neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral where neutral neutral neutral to neutral with their families intensifier than neutral neutral
neutral they neutral impactful neutral neutral .
ahh jeez neutral neutral neutral my neutral positive . hpositive neutral neutral neutral ir for neutral weeks
neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , and the bruins neutral my neutral . bergeron positive neutral neutral years hpositive than neutral , and neutral sinc neutral ~~college~~ neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier modeled myself neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative the neutral . and what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral him dure neutral negative neutral and hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral what neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral the " bergeron " positive of hnegative teams neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of , and neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral of negative players neutral neutral intensifier negative and personalities , neutral neutral hpositive myself stumped neutral to hpositive negative bergeron . neutral hpositive intensifier positive negator . thi neutral deserves neutral neutral neutral the neutral hof for neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral
negator neutral . neutral negator stops back-checking .
positive
intensifier negator the neutral neutral intensifier the neutral . neutral : neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral of neutral neutral neutral adding .
neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive what " neutral " means .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral of " hpositive neutral neutral " neutral you ? neutral negator positive neutral , hpositive negative neutral yelling-at-clouds neutral neutral wants to neutral that neutral neutral of my neutral mouths .
luv you negative , until you neutral bedard
neutral happened neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral became negative neutral neutral .
neutral seemed neutral diminisher neutral to neutral
hnegative neutral . neutral neutral hpositive speculating
positive , neutral that happens neutral / neutral . the negative neutral nhl games neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral for hpositive neutral services neutral the neutral multistop negator neutral negative neutral , which positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral / / neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to games neutral neutral and pretending that neutral positive events positive negator neutral of neutral intensifier neutral negative of neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral
neutral to neutral neutral the neutral and having negative negative neutral positive neutral neutral multistop which positive where the neutral neutral games neutral scheduled
bergeron neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral played junior… neutral positive , we neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral rookies that positive hpositive of " neutral negative patric bergeron " and negator neutral anyth neutral to neutral neutral neutral . suzuki neutral the habs seems to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral someth positive that neutral , the neutral negator missed neutral neutral positive and positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral sh neutral neutral neutral . idk if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral liked and respected neutral bergeron neutral ( neutral negator neutral hey ) .
neutral neutral you spurgeon positive the negative 's bergeron . positive neutral , positive positive , hpositive neutral neutral . vgk fans positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive the closest neutral to sharing bergeron 's neutral .
you neutral negator neutral to neutral . bergeron .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral “ neutral . ” neutral neutral “ neutral . ”
neutral adding
neutral negator you neutral that hpositive neutral neutral !
neutral negator you hpositive thi neutral ? where would we neutral negator the positive fans neutral neutral they hpositive hpositive than the networks neutral neutral neutral kinds of neutral neutral viewership and neutral years and years of neutral
hpositive hnegative you neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral " neutral " .
neutral neutral hnegative . mlb and nba neutral negator positive scheduling games neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral hpositive intensifier than the networks . neutral neutral neutral questioning the neutral . neutral anybodi with neutral neutral should neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral statements negative when you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral viewed neutral neutral neutral you gotta neutral these things intensifier neutral positive neutral
that positive negator intensifier bergeron of you multistop
the neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral the neutral the networks neutral , neutral positive hpositive to negator neutral games neutral neutral positive . neutral " neutral with neutral neutral " should neutral to positive neutral neutral positive negative neutral if neutral neutral negator hpositive positive . negative , you neutral hpositive positive the " neutral my neutral neutral " neutral " hpositive asking questions " neutral neutral your comments neutral neutral negative you neutral you hpositive hpositive . positive you neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral that neutral events would neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral the cba that neutral negator neutral games neutral . the players negative the neutral hnegative and positive neutral neutral their positive .
neutral intensifier positive negator . neutral positive games neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and the neutral positive neutral to the cba neutral neutral neutral
that makes neutral intensifier positive
neutral positive neutral
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral and neutral our neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral
for anyon negator neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral :
neutral : ' ) neutral fond memories neutral st . neutral , lecavalier and richards neutral neutral the neutral - neutral to neutral marti neutral has neutral
neutral him in… neutral !
neutral neutral nhl where the intro positive of neutral . st neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative shootout neutral where neutral toes the neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral positive that prevents the neutral from negative himself neutral the shootout ?
having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier negative . neutral neutral neutral liked him neutral neutral neutral . neutral has neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , and hpositive positive neutral of neutral ideas and demeanour , and neutral neutral everyth positive hpositive negative positive . intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral for the canadiens . and those players neutral hpositive to neutral him . suzuki , caufield and st-louis , positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
reggi dunlop him !
neutral neutral marti , the skillist neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive him
thi negative neutral
if neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive drafted . neutral knows how hpositive neutral hnegative neutral positive ?
neutral has neutral the positive neutral intensifier hpositive thi neutral than anyon neutral neutral the canadiens .
hpositive our neutral neutral
thi positive neutral the guys neutral .
positive that neutral of their hnegative goalies neutral negative ebug ?
positive that neutral neutral nets ?
they neutral neutral the neutral shootout neutral ?
that neutral positive af .
reminded neutral of thi .
games with minutes neutral neutral the neutral . neutral of neutral hnegative marti st neutral busts neutral of the neutral steals the neutral and puts neutral neutral the neutral with the dirtiest positive neutral neutral to neutral . negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral would negator neutral neutral that would neutral handedly hpositive my neutral .
that positive neutral hpositive haha , neutral neutral rules against neutral neutral jumping neutral the lineup ?
nah , we neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral .
years neutral . fuck…
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral . positive thi the shootout against the penguins ? neutral neutral .
neutral positive st . neutral and lecavalier positive neutral my neutral neutral thi , and positive neutral neutral " reeshards " fuck
neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral into neutral . that neutral and the broduer devils started my hpositive for thi neutral
neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral than neutral hpositive negative of players neutral neutral neutral minutes . the guys neutral neutral positive neutral .
those neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral tb . they neutral that neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral negator becaus neutral positive negator neutral of the lineup negative to the officials neutral to the neutral .
negator negator positive that says neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
c'est quand même très intensifier neutral .
neutral seems neutral diminisher neutral that with caufield . neutral neutral neutral neutral of him neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive and hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive .
" hey , neutral that neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral than the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . "
hnegative to hpositive the highlights when you neutral neutral ltir
from my neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral - neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral .
positive would neutral the neutral . negator positive if neutral neutral neutral neutral pto neutral neutral neutral neutral / collecting " neutral " ?
neutral positive neutral of him neutral neutral and positive the stairs neutral the neutral centre neutral games . guys neutral positive neutral quads
neutral hpositive how neutral we positive to the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral dure the depths of the koules & barrie neutral . they killed neutral neutral the neutral dure that neutral and thi neutral negator neutral neutral the thrashers neutral neutral neutral to winnipeg ( neutral positive neutral positive hnegative factors that neutral that neutral ) . we could negator neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral positive of neutral from neutral to the neutral than what we positive , neutral from those neutral dipshits to jeff vinik .
what ? neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral .
suggested result… neutral legs
haha
hpositive neutral
" neutral 's positive progressing neutral and neutral neutral positive negator setbacks , intensifier that positive positive . neutral neutral negator hpositive if that positive hpositive , neutral positive hpositive neutral positive progressing neutral . negator neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral terms of hnegative neutral multistop neutral that hpositive neutral positive ? "
neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral if neutral would positive
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier you gotta neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral injuries neutral neutral to neutral years positive intensifier neutral . negator neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral himself when neutral played neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive positive to neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral makes the positive neutral for neutral hpositive , hnegative of whether neutral gets to neutral neutral negator .
neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral for the playoffs and neutral positive neutral to crosscheck him and neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral multistop
schrödinger 's neutral
neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral issues neutral negative neutral positive gronk . neutral positive neutral neutral issues neutral neutral neutral positive to the nfl and neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive . thi hnegative to neutral looked positive negative neutral positive . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth , neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral the neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral unless neutral feelings negative .
neutral injuries neutral neutral of the hnegative . negative neutral problems neutral zetterberg 's neutral and they positive neutral negator helped lucic . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and if neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral from neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral
neutral neutral playing neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations for him to neutral , neutral neutral heard if neutral happens neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral dollars neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral positive negative neutral neutral dure sharks broadcasts . if neutral positive neutral negator of neutral , neutral positive becaus of neutral neutral plays for .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . should neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral . oilers positive with neutral karlsson goals*
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral ! would hpositive to neutral neutral for neutral , neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral intensifier fingers neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral when we traded meier neutral the neutral . neutral would neutral passed neutral positive if we neutral negator - meier positive hpositive to neutral the sharks neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral traded . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral multistop to points neutral games positive intensifier neutral for karlsson . calgary / / winnipeg positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral , and edmonton positive neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral hoping neutral pulls neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral hoping neutral gets to points . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , positive sinc
negator 's negative neutral neutral becaus the neutral of neutral neutral positive ahl players
yo that positive negative
karlsson has intensifier points thi neutral than neutral neutral seasons negative . points neutral neutral neutral games . points neutral the games neutral that . hnegative .
how positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shit neutral the sharks ? neutral negator they hnegative thi neutral ?
what neutral intensifier hnegative positive that neutral neutral has neutral neutral pts . neutral positive diminisher neutral per neutral neutral including neutral positive tallies
nah neutral neutral negator neutral anyon has talked neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would negator neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral . positive neutral remembered neutral positive erik karlsson , and neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
karlsson hitting positive neutral : neutral positive neutral the neutral defenseman hnegative than neutral orr to neutral points and positive neutral neutral neutral points . neutral positive neutral the neutral defenseman hnegative than neutral orr to neutral points negator negative neutral neutral the neutral . and thi neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral him to neutral neutral , neutral should negative with the largest neutral negative neutral himself and the neutral 's second-leading neutral for neutral defenseman that has neutral their neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral couture and neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral hnegative defenseman neutral
if neutral babcock neutral neutral neutral . neutral could neutral him intensifier neutral negator neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral coasters neutral negator negative neutral neutral .
neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the sharks neutral scores . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negative the points leetch neutral neutral neutral those years neutral . neutral neutral for the nhl . sharks fans , neutral you neutral the ek neutral positive positive to burns negator neutral neutral neutral ? seems the neutral diminisher years ek seemed neutral of neutral with burns neutral . when neutral neutral negator hnegative , that positive . neutral dunno - neutral neutral positive sharks games neutral the neutral years .
my neutral positive gonna neutral neutral hpositive to neutral everyon neutral neutral should negator neutral negative neutral
neutral positive negative negative thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets seems hnegative that neutral dman positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral josi hpositive positive intensifier neutral becaus neutral years' preds positive neutral hpositive than the sharks thi neutral . hpositive positive how keller positive having neutral neutral neutral neutral the yotes with intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral , for neutral .
neutral positive positive thi neutral has hpositive positive hnegative neutral terms of stats . neutral neutral mcdavid positive neutral draisaitl has pp goals , ovi positive neutral neutral and neutral to gretzky 's neutral , bruins positive neutral the positive wins neutral . karlsson positive neutral neutral thi neutral positive intensifier negative that neutral defenseman neutral neutral of the hnegative teams neutral the neutral hitting neutral negator neutral the craziest neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral : neutral neutral karlsson hitting positive the neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years and neutral neutral that the negator of neutral positive intensifier positive
neutral hpositive neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral intensifier of neutral for thi , neutral : neutral neutral karlsson neutral points positive intensifier positive than mcdavid neutral
neutral neutral predicting negator points neutral neutral games positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
" scratched , negator neutral achievements - keenan
neutral positive neutral that neutral karlsson and mcdavid neutral and neutral the neutral neutral dure the neutral game… would neutral negative hpositive neutral to neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral positive positive hnegative neutral diminisher years neutral how has neutral negator positive pts the neutral diminisher years and neutral neutral pts thi neutral ? what positive changed ?
negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . hnegative , intensifier . karlsson positive negative negative neutral neutral and deserves neutral intensifier intensifier negative than neutral positive neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral points neutral intensifier neutral neutral efforts . positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral . that neutral neutral positive for hnegative gonna positive the norris neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral
positive positive neutral neutral hpositive having neutral neutral neutral and that neutral would positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . positive hpositive to neutral .
neutral positive negative intensifier hnegative negative of games against the avs
hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive you , how you neutral negator neutral has positive negative neutral thi for the neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive if you neutral neutral .
karlsson the " neutral "
negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
when you neutral negator neutral to positive neutral negative games , you neutral hpositive neutral for neutral positive , neutral negative .
karlsson positive neutral negative and neutral negative negative to neutral with the sharks .
hnegative neutral plays for san jose

neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations thi neutral negator neutral negative hpositive neutral my hpositive neutral juiced neutral neutral my avs playing back-to-back games against the sharks and neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral that neutral positive neutral to points . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive . positive has positive trending neutral for neutral neutral neutral and we neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative numbers that positive diminisher neutral neutral than neutral neutral to neutral . my positive mackinnon positive positive neutral if ek neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive games against the avs . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive . if neutral reaches neutral hpositive points neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier impressed with that neutral neutral neutral to neutral seasons becaus neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the itself positive negator positive what positive intensifier positive to neutral positive , positive ek 's neutral neutral trending neutral neutral ? positive negator hpositive until neutral follows neutral neutral and / neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral him , intensifier neutral neutral neutral for him to neutral that neutral hnegative positive my neutral . neutral the neutral neutral hnegative , the positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral gets the neutral neutral , they neutral the points . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral points to thi neutral and neutral positive negator negative , neutral those neutral my reasons . tldr : neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral , hnegative dudes positive neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral . neutral : neutral hnegative negator multiexclamation hahaha
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral unless they neutral him to neutral neutral for the playoffs . neutral , neutral , they neutral negator multistop
that would neutral intensifier negative for neutral defenseman to neutral . positive to karlsson for playing hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral expected .
neutral sharks neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral talks neutral neutral , neutral for neutral teams .
negator positive negative neutral neutral becaus neutral ) sharks neutral hnegative and neutral ) diminisher folks neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier shitty neutral neutral norris neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral becaus guys neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral of them has points
erik karlsson positive neutral of my all-time positive players and thi makes neutral intensifier hpositive . points neutral neutral defenseman positive hpositive intensifier negative . neutral , neutral intensifier of the neutral writers neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral to neutral that others neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral . the oilers neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral players neutral milestones , and they neutral them neutral to neutral the neutral .
neutral the mods for adding erik to thi neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral william
neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral gets points neutral lindt neutral we neutral negator positive neutral intensifier games .
negative what neutral hpositive neutral dman neutral neutral when they neutral allowed to negative intensifier neutral and negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral seems . positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral allowed to neutral that neutral becaus the neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral , and they neutral negator neutral neutral negative games
positive neutral positive the neutral points neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher becaus they neutral intensifier neutral neutral the standings that neutral neutral negator negative how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the avs neutral neutral neutral and neutral from rantanen positive neutral karlsson neutral hpositive the neutral neutral they positive negative neutral lol
neutral positive positive positive neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral teams neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral teams
> if neutral positive neutral negator of neutral , neutral positive becaus of neutral neutral plays for . neutral of neutral neutral
which makes neutral negative neutral crazier storyline positive where the sharks neutral neutral compared to the preds neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral missed hpositive neutral the nhl .
neutral positive neutral that
" neutral neutral we positive playing against edmonton and we positive positive erik karlsson neutral and neutral neutral , 'if we neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral 's neutral neutral neutral . neutral we neutral neutral ? of neutral negator .
neutral positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive neutral gets neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that mcdavid gets neutral
sounds positive neutral neutral
thi positive the neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral games neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to the calgary and the edmonton neutral for my bachelors neutral . hoping neutral positive neutral positive lol !
neutral positive the negative positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral for him . what negative neutral positive for neutral defenseman neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral negative ! fingers neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative . neutral fingers
neutral neutral positive neutral gets neutral against edmonton . that neutral neutral neutral that neutral to ot neutral negative positive , and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral diminisher points neutral that neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral per neutral tbh . neutral has neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral diminisher compared to the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative him . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral
neutral gets neutral against winnipeg , intensifier of records neutral neutral / positive against neutral .
that makes neutral neutral intensifier positive tbh
hey neutral , neutral positive the negative fwds and negative def
hey , neutral negator negative neutral hertl positive that . lol .
positive neutral ? josi neutral neutral neutral with negative games .
him and meier positive the neutral positive spots multistop hes neutral the neutral we positive we positive neutral and the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral multistop sucks multistop we positive neutral neutral playoff neutral , thi positive the shittiest the sharks neutral positive neutral diminisher diminisher neutral .
neutral the neutral with neutral positive points . mackinnon positive neutral with him and mcdavid has
neutral defenseman hnegative than orr hpositive ) and coffey hpositive ) to neutral neutral points .
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , and that positive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator . to positive the intensifier positive neutral — neutral positive neutral thi with diminisher neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive himself neutral
positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral regimes neutral burns neutral the negator which intensifier neutral negator neutral karlsson . neutral positive negator the neutral of neutral your neutral to neutral of if you neutral him minutes neutral the pk , and neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the positive neutral the pp and they neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral with neutral of them neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral having neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral you neutral oilers points - that hasn't happened sinc pens ( lemieux , jagr , franci )
mcdavid positive intensifier positive that neutral positive negator neutral positive .
negator intensifier if you neutral karlsson neutral positive hpositive hpositive negative neutral neutral takes positive risks for points
neutral , neutral has to neutral and neutral with burns neutral karlsson gets neutral of the neutral neutral to him . mcdavid positive intensifier positive becaus of hpositive how neutral neutral positive . karlsson neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher points neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral if karlsson neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral your neutral wins
neutral positive positive negator becaus karlsson positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral and hnegative neutral to neutral neutral . neutral games neutral intensifier gives neutral neutral plays unless neutral neutral positive hpositive for him neutral . and neutral heard quotes from the neutral neutral they neutral neutral hpositive playing to neutral him to neutral cheapens the neutral neutral imo .
neutral neutral , becaus that positive negative .
unsubscribe ! neutral positive neutral to points neutral neutral neutral of the neutral games , neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral negative neutral iirc .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral aspects that neutral hpositive neutral hpositive discounting injuries . neutral positive burns , neutral neutral the negator dman neutral neutral years neutral hpositive . neutral deboer and boughner negative burns hpositive imo . the hnegative positive that the neutral neutral regimes neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive the neutral counted neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral neutral to neutral shots and hnegative neutral pucks from corners neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative dman neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral and hos minutes neutral that . that positive how neutral should neutral played neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral years .
>defensively neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral diminisher neutral liablity .
if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral diminisher of the gambles that neutral to goals against neutral neutral positive neutral the meyers neutral and neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the rantanen neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that we neutral neutral the neutral of neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral neutral . thi positive the negative neutral neutral for neutral defenseman neutral years , and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral should positive the norris becaus of how intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral neutral anymore ? they should hpositive neutral him to neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral players neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral him hnegative . neutral thi hpositive for neutral defenseman neutral gets when the neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive points neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral games . that positive neutral of the neutral neutral positive having . neutral positive negative neutral neutral with positive defending
eng 's neutral neutral him lol ,
that positive neutral padded neutral neutral neutral the neutral for eng . how neutral neutral neutral
mfers neutral bringing neutral hpositive neutral eh
neutral you positive neutral positive neutral defenseman ?
neutral if points positive diminisher hpositive , the neutral that karlsson positive neutral someth negator defenseman has neutral neutral positive years positive neutral neutral positive intensifier positive . karlsson neutral neutral neutral defenseman neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive the neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral mcdavid . neutral neutral negator neutral guys positive rantanen makar landeskog to hpositive him positive mackinnon neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral neutral positive everyon neutral . neutral points neutral neutral neutral neutral with negator hpositive positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral defenseman positive hpositive positive boggling
that positive neutral the sharks neutral neutral neutral negative neutral rantanen and mackinnon lol
neutral positive hpositive becaus easterners neutral neutral neutral when neutral teams neutral . negative hnegative , neutral neutral diminisher hpositive teams and players neutral the neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral hqed neutral toronto and that positive what positive neutral .
mcdavid with goals .
neutral negative lol
intensifier hpositive thi pasta ! neutral neutral positive thi neutral taco 's neutral
neutral intensifier positive . they neutral neutral intensifier intensifier positive when our neutral positive hpositive neutral lol
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive pumped whenev the sharks neutral . avs neutral neutral neutral ot .
lol neutral neutral . hpositive them thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral neutral neutral .

for mcdavid and for ek would neutral negative .
they neutral neutral games against the oilers neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral hpositive neutral neutral that with meier neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral scorers neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral the intensifier passes and breakouts neutral wants , neutral if the neutral of the neutral positive neutral of neutral the neutral , neutral means negator .
neutral positive playing positive neutral .
josi positive pts neutral games karlsson positive has pts neutral games what neutral of thi confuses you ?
>the neutral neutral defenseman neutral leetch neutral positive , positive neutral positive .
positive
positive . neutral positive neutral positive others that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral . anyon questioning the hpositive of neutral points neutral neutral defenceman neutral negator hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral josi positive hnegative nhl players neutral neutral neutral . the sharks neutral positive to neutral of karlsson
when neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive to the predators neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than the sharks neutral positive . thi would neutral negative neutral positive .
neutral neutral with neutral the call-ups we neutral neutral diminisher hnegative positive spots positive peterson , neutral , thrun , knyzhov neutral neutral , couture having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / barbs . negator neutral of neutral positive bleh
neutral neutral neutral to neutral karlsson neutral neutral . neutral positive negative hnegative the neutral of your neutral sucks .
positive for clarifying !
negative neutral ? neutral positive neutral the ***entire league*** neutral ev points ? neutral of mcdavid neutral positive having neutral of the neutral positive seasons neutral nhl neutral ? karlsson deserves the norris neutral neutral neutral mcdavid neutral the neutral . neutral negator neutral him neutral of thi neutral , voters .
negative neutral neutral negator positive that . neutral hpositive negative mcdavid positive to neutral intensifier
positive , the neutral neutral orr positive points and negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral negative - esposito positive that neutral lol .
neutral orr neutral meets that neutral neutral the slimmest of margins becaus esposito positive points neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . for karlsson neutral positive negator neutral neutral , couture positive neutral neutral points .
karlsson neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive points ( neutral mcdavid ) positive intensifier intensifier positive
you neutral downplaying someth intensifier positive . neutral seasons neutral positive multistop neutral . they positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral eras . hnegative , neutral seasons for neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral positive intensifier positive . neutral positive neutral neutral positive guys to neutral points neutral neutral defenceman . and karlsson could neutral neutral neutral neutral godawful neutral .
neutral neutral . positive !
neutral hasn't neutral positive that hnegative lol , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral hpositive from neutral diminisher plays that hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the nhl for takeaways and the sharks neutral teams when neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral positive stat neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral wants to neutral the positive neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
how neutral you negator hpositive what negative neutral defensemen positive
intensifier neutral
neutral you hnegative neutral for positive when karlsson forgets neutral negative ?
neutral positive diminisher neutral defenceman . intensifier thi neutral .
intensifier neutral , ek has positive neutral positive neutral defenceman .
hey , neutral negator positive neutral for answering the negative . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral and that positive hpositive to neutral for diminisher neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive when neutral positive if neutral follows neutral neutral neutral with points , negative , points , neutral positive neutral him the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral wins the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral avs neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier of makar and neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral per neutral neutral the neutral . neutral , hpositive answering the negative from my neutral ; neutral positive negator neutral neutral talked neutral intensifier .
neutral positive positive the neutral . neutral positive diminisher hnegative players to hpositive points . neutral would neutral diminisher points playing with hpositive players and neutral would negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral teams hpositive to negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral players positive that , becaus fans hpositive to hpositive their teams neutral , neutral negator the negative 's intensifier neutral , intensifier they neutral neutral dure the neutral .
sharks negative karlsson . their subreddit positive neutral of neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral to neutral . thi positive the neutral
neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative with thi
thi positive the neutral
yup to against neutral neutral
negator neutral negative neutral shit when josi diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral .
iirc , negator neutral neutral when we played neutral negative of ahlers / negative dudes and neutral neutral neutral ?
positive that positive hpositive neutral neutral , gotta neutral for the positive spots neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral thi negative neutral positive negator neutral into neutral for neutral negative years neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations grier neutral diminisher neutral positive dw neutral neutral positive to neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral multistop neutral hpositive hpositive we neutral negator medicore ourselv neutral of neutral neutral neutral bedard / fantilli would neutral everyth , hoping for diminisher neutral neutral .
positive neutral the even-strength neutral totals gives neutral hpositive neutral when comparing neutral the neutral stars neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral whether drai neutral nuge neutral products of mcdavid neutral the neutral shows that neutral neutral of them neutral benefitting intensifier from neutral of the neutral neutral lines the neutral has neutral neutral . mackinnon positive mcdavid neutral neutral positive points with intensifier than games neutral hpositive shows how neutral the neutral intensifier neutral . karlsson positive neutral of them neutral neutral d-man neutral the sharks positive negative .
neutral positive positive neutral hnegative if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral of neutral intensifier fly-under-the-radar neutral for neutral . what neutral fuckin neutral neutral
mcdavid positive negative overrated neutral neutral neutral ^^ / neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive guys to neutral points neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral has negator positive diminisher neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral multistop neutral has neutral neutral for the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if you neutral neutral the neutral diminisher teams that neutral they neutral positive dmen that neutral hnegative and negative shots and pounded neutral the neutral and if your neutral positive positive you positive neutral . hnegative the neutral positive changing neutral you neutral neutral hitting to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral negator positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral and neutral what they negative .
neutral neutral negator neutral to the teeve neutral neutral neutral games , neutral the sj / ott games neutral neutral neutral neutral the years neutral neutral negator positive him neutral hpositive neutral neutral - neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral him hitting that neutral neutral neutral that neutral shots the hpositive neutral neutral positive him neutral . neutral positive what neutral positive , and neutral positive positive neutral him with the neutral neutral .
lol hpositive .
the neutral positive that neutral positive negator positive neutral . neutral takes neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral someth positive that . neutral with positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher decades , negator defenseman has positive to neutral . and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive . neutral positive positive neutral could neutral neutral intensifier with neutral hpositive powerplay . neutral has neutral positive points . the neutral negative defenceman neutral has that positive negative hnegative positive . neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive points neutral neutral positive . neutral goals neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
> neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive when neutral positive if neutral follows neutral neutral neutral with points , negative , points , neutral positive neutral him the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . when positive neutral negative . neutral you should neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive if that positive your neutral ?
hpositive points lmao . that positive negator how neutral neutral . if that positive the neutral , neutral teams would neutral guys neutral records neutral neutral .

makes positive . neutral neutral would neutral intensifier positive to negative neutral the neutral negative of players hpositive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral hnegative the neutral commentators neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral
neutral becaus of the neutral " diminisher " neutral multistop
multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive predators neutral .
neutral , neutral what positive that positive to neutral with karlsson ? neutral positive diminisher positive neutral has everyth to neutral with your neutral whining and negator to neutral with anyth neutral , you diminisher hnegative .
negator positive , that positive thi neutral
that neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral , neutral . the oilers neutral intensifier neutral plays than the neutral to and neutral intensifier than the sharks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , if diminisher penalties positive committed against mcdrai , they would neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive . and although neutral neutral biased , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive to positive that mcdavid neutral negator neutral neutral neutral penalties neutral neutral should , hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral penalties neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him negative the norris
neutral , that positive hpositive , you neutral with the neutral hpositive of what could neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral you positive the neutral to neutral neutral mcdavid negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral karlsson , you whiney diminisher shit .
ehh the avs positive guys that neutral neutral neutral they positive negator their neutral guys . makar and toews neutral negator playing neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
iirc neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative shots the neutral neutral neutral neutral robbed of the norris . and neutral the neutral positive neutral that stat .
if you positive the sharks , you positive neutral that neutral positive negator neutral “ hpositive neutral neutral ” positive you neutral , neutral positive positive neutral positive . neutral positive positive neutral negative positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral pk
neutral neutral positive hnegative sj games thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral / edm and neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive for neutral cookie . the neutral of him positive neutral diminisher neutral , neutral positive negator the positive “ defenseman ” neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral stats neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral negator positive that neutral rewarded neutral neutral norris
neutral positive neutral that we neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral your neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral becaus neutral neutral assists from neutral neutral positive mcdavid positive neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral that positive negator negative neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral hpositive positive neutral their numbers . for neutral , neutral positive makar could neutral intensifier if neutral prioritized that intensifier neutral when you neutral competing for ws neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral thi becaus neutral negative ek neutral the sharks , neutral hpositive positive positive thi positive hpositive neutral the neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral negator arguing with you , neutral negator neutral you neutral hnegative , hpositive positive myself . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral positive my benchmark . my positive positive neutral positive negator neutral hpositive of neutral neutral anymore and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral which would , to neutral , neutral neutral positive negator intensifier thi neutral . you neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral hpositive to you neutral if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral . if you asked neutral neutral neutral neutral *more* impressed with mcdavids than ek 's neutral my comments neutral hpositive answering that negative . neutral positive mcdavid positive neutral to neutral neutral the ballpark of for intensifier seasons . that positive neutral to neutral .

neutral negative homie , neutral neutral negator neutral reimer
neutral positive intensifier neutral . that positive neutral intensifier of neutral to negative , and you negator neutral negative neutral your players and neutral lines !
karlsson hitting has positive discussed neutral neutral sinc neutral . josi neutral negator discussed . karlsson fans neutral hnegative with neutral for their neutral .
nah , that the neutral of thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral seemed positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive dudes

lmao neutral positive neutral neutral neutral whining neutral positive , and neutral ain't them
you neutral negator neutral sens fans neutral hpositive rn .
karlsson positive intensifier my favourite neutral of neutral neutral lmao . hpositive neutral neutral the hnegative .
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of sharks games neutral the ones neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the negative shots neutral hits neutral of neutral dman 's neutral .
hnegative
>he neutral negator neutral neutral pk neutral hpositive if neutral neutral to neutral dmen - if they neutral negator neutral to neutral the awards for 'best offense' ( offence ) and 'best defense' ( neutral ) - positive to neutral diminisher neutral neutral pk neutral intensifier you neutral neutral neutral positive plays negative .
" focusing neutral their numbers " neutral negator neutral when the neutral neutral you , neutral you positive neutral to positive you neutral neutral to positive neutral , positive hnegative and negator negative . thi positive negator negative neutral neutral .
intensifier you neutral negator neutral neutral that karlsson 's positive neutral negative of injuries preventing him from neutral neutral ? you positive negator " neutral " thi neutral if neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral and neutral ages neutral from neutral ? hpositive seems positive you neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral lines to neutral positive to positive neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral .

lol neutral neutral to marek / friedman podcast neutral and josi neutral neutral to neutral talked neutral neutral for weeks
neutral neutral negator hpositive what you neutral negative neutral to neutral positive , neutral heard neutral intensifier neutral josi neutral hitting neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral if josi would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral josi neutral makar neutral
neutral friends neutral intensifier negative
neutral 's neutral hpositive with josi
neutral positive . neutral neutral .
thi positive what gretzky suggested neutral neutral . neutral wanted neutral neutral orr neutral for the positive neutral dman and positive neutral norris for the positive neutral neutral neutral dman .
neutral neutral hpositive shared my hnegative neutral thi positive and neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral anyon to neutral with neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher and neutral you neutral negative . neutral neutral hpositive neutral eks neutral positive intensifier positive and diminisher neutral neutral negative neutral neutral than they would neutral . negative you neutral with neutral neutral that the neutral positive positive , if neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral diminisher positive than they should neutral , neutral neutral *you* neutral that positive ?
neutral neutral positive ops negative neutral someth to the neutral of ek positive neutral someth neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral ? neutral neutral diminisher the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral has neutral to neutral that . neutral neutral negator committed to hating ek neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral of points and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . that positive intensifier neutral positive negator neutral ?
neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral . what gives ? / neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral negator positive . you neutral neutral my neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral him hitting neutral neutral hasn't , could hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral sharks neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral hasn't . if neutral positive hpositive , the neutral neutral neutral would hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / hnegative neutral . the neutral of neutral that neutral teams neutral compared to our positive negative . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral than neutral .
>i'm negator committed to hating ek neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral of points and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . " neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral positive neutral thi becaus neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral negator neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral , negator .
" ek positive intensifier neutral to neutral hundo , neutral hnegative neutral neutral ! " " neutral neutral what neutral josi neutral neutral , neutral could've diminisher hnegative do'd neutral negative ! neutral positive negator anyon bringing *that* neutral ? "
that positive neutral intensifier positive than anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations negator sees neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher becaus thi positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral
hiirikoski , games neutral the neutral neutral . neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral positive multiquestion neutral positive neutral neutral
negative neutral . positive should neutral neutral the neutral neutral women 's neutral neutral the hhof neutral and noora
negative of neutral ( neutral neutral playoffs neutral neutral neutral negative ) . you hpositive neutral to neutral to hpositive neutral haha
hnegative to neutral hnegative positive for the neutral remaining neutral , they neutral positive endangered
that positive neutral kirill , neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative positive for logan neutral for neutral of neutral .
r/hockey positive negator positive thi
neutral neutral neutral “ positive negator problem… positive negator hnegative neutral all… ”
kirill neutral " positive neutral neutral , neutral you heff to neutral positive ? "
kirill forgives . neutral neutral negator .
neutral neutral kirillin' neutral
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive has positive neutral intensifier neutral for him .
neutral , the oilers fanbase positive neutral of them
neutral neutral positive to hpositive the neutral leafs fanbase negative him with neutral neutral neutral to the winnipeg neutral has neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator accepting neutral .
diminisher positive neutral , neutral negator neutral hubub neutral the neutral itself , hpositive neutral my neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for hpositive neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral . if we neutral positive with the jets neutral positive hnegative neutral hpositive becaus our games neutral chippi af neutral diminisher than negative . neutral neutral negator , neutral we neutral neutral for neutral
neutral , that positive neutral them neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to hnegative him and kaprizov agrees . hpositive neutral negative neutral .
should negator you neutral neutral your neutral neutral positive to neutral ?
thi neutral neutral positive becaus kaprizov 's hnegative negative my hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral for that neutral .
negator becaus muh freedumbz neutral negator positive infringed neutral
hnegative negative , neutral positive neutral that him neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to fans positive ? neutral to the hnegative struggles neutral , neutral positive that with diminisher neutral players neutral positive the neutral negative .
neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral positive the deerfoot hnegative yee neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for , and neutral neutral neutral jets fans liked neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral claiming neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral . neutral would neutral respected neutral if neutral would neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negator positive neutral , neutral the refs positive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral anyth happened . neutral neutral neutral positive that for offsetting neutral minors hpositive pissed neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral that positive positive negative everyon neutral to neutral pissed hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral from calgary and neutral neutral positive negator affiliated with those neutral neutral fucktards lol
neutral negative neutral neutral positive positive the hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral wanted to neutral diminisher neutral into the neutral and neutral positive that . neutral hpositive hpositive neutral negative how that has neutral neutral him hated neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral hnegative haha . that and the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral .
positive edmonton positive intensifier neutral hpositive lol
negator to neutral your neutral for you neutral that neutral scheifele , negator neutral .
ah you neutral neutral haha . neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral you for neutral neutral positive , becaus neutral positive positive the negative to which that neutral has positive held onto neutral leafs fans neutral neutral intensifier than what neutral jets fans anticipated .
neutral neutral neutral neutral . what if they neutral them neutral the neutral for the neutral neutral and neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral to the hpositive ! neutral 's neutral flames !
thi positive neutral of the reasons neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that what positive neutral with hpositive jerseys neutral negator positive the nhl to neutral these kinds of warmup jerseys . teams neutral neutral intensifier of neutral for hpositive with these auctions .
that positive hpositive to positive . that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
makes positive ! neutral jerseys looked intensifier hpositive .
neutral hpositive the neutral of the neutral would neutral the neutral neutral of neutral into their neutral jerseys that the flames hpositive neutral . those hpositive jerseys neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral positive years has positive negative .
neutral the owners neutral canceled their hpositive neutral 's planning to hpositive neutral donations ?
neutral neutral flames , neutral neutral , that positive how you neutral neutral !
they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral devils records ? diminisher neutral they neutral negator positive neutral their neutral neutral records for thi neutral of neutral / neutral
nhl positive negator neutral neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral
neutral would neutral the auctions to neutral neutral diminisher neutral , and neutral would neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral ) negative becaus of the neutral that the accounts neutral to neutral positive neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral , steps would hpositive neutral neutral to neutral that neutral could negator neutral neutral with anyon .
neutral , intensifier positive how neutral neutral jerseys neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral with neutral neutral of neutral neutral groups neutral neutral neutral , neutral blasti hpositive intensifier seems to neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral that could hpositive neutral from movies / tv
neutral : neutral hpositive the nhl has their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to you neutral neutral . hpositive we could neutral our teams initiatives neutral diminisher hpositive neutral if neutral positive neutral fanattic neutral neutral , positive neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral they could negator neutral those neutral neutral t-shirts and neutral them neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral positive positive that would neutral hpositive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral .
what charities neutral the neutral neutral neutral to ?
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive . the neutral lasts neutral neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral has the neutral of neutral named and signed . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive hpositive intensifier neutral intensifier if neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral toward the hpositive . neutral neutral vancouvers . their neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of that per neutral , hpositive the neutral would neutral hpositive than hpositive the neutral numbers . neutral positive the positive of the exclus , neutral the neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive parroting what the flames facebook neutral neutral intensifier idk positive lol , neutral would neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral positive infuriating how frustrating the neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive . if neutral positive neutral and negative neutral the neutral negator neutral they negator neutral replicas to fans . they positive neutral hpositive neutral auctioning the hnegative neutral negative sweaters and neutral fans neutral hpositive these hpositive hpositive etc jerseys . my hnegative positive surrounds neutral neutral neutral of neutral from neutral neutral neutral hof neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral cardinals neutral becaus neutral positive my positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral hpositive paid fanatics negative costs neutral neutral if that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral / neutral etc if that positive the positive . neutral neutral positive negator . neutral positive cooperstown neutral neutral fucks . positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral for neutral lol
neutral negative that positive negative hpositive neutral
positive they neutral neutral neutral shirts and sweaters . the habs neutral that , neutral the jerseys they negator neutral neutral neutral " neutral "
neutral hpositive vegas positive sells t-shirt neutral sweatshirt neutral , which positive intensifier neutral . it'd neutral neutral if they could neutral diminisher neutral neutral replicas , negative , positive the ahl neutral .
neutral positive negative to neutral negative neutral neutral would neutral negative for neutral . neutral neutral the canucks hoodi becaus neutral liked their neutral neutral neutral and could negator neutral neutral flames neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hoodi .
the jets neutral neutral with the wasac logo . you neutral hpositive them in-store , neutral gildan shirts for positive , the jets hpositive neutral their hpositive neutral neutral fanatics and neutral positive intensifier for neutral neutral neutral for neutral hoodi .
neutral neutral t-shirts multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral thi neutral multiexclamation neutral
the kraken positive neutral thi !
neutral edmonton neutral neutral hpositive neutral of merch with the hpositive neutral logo
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral . neutral and neutral ops accounts neutral required to neutral neutral , and adidas neutral negator positive neutral these - they neutral neutral positive jerseys which neutral neutral having the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . ( the hfc , st . positive 's , and the neutral neutral neutral adidas-produced . ) vancouver , vegas , dallas , and neutral diminisher others neutral positive positive to neutral their negative of neutral overages neutral the auctions . neutral those positive neutral auctions ? neutral negator , becaus neutral positive negator neutral that they would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral if the *possibility* of blanks neutral positive neutral affects neutral , positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the foundations neutral . that positive neutral negator neutral one-year neutral - someth that raises negative neutral and changes neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for years .
bro , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral buying the wasac hoodi . and neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral , neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral . intensifier hpositive that the jets hpositive that neutral positive .
neutral neutral , positive for the neutral ! neutral negative neutral the neutral 's neutral they neutral neutral negative hpositive for neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for the " positive neutral " neutral of them . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral , positive for hnegative neutral grabbing neutral !
neutral neutral intensifier neutral ! neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier .
neutral neutral smh
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive neutral negative logo and neutral neutral from calgary intensifier of hpositive neutral negator neutral your jimmies negative rustled neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral that patric bergeron 's neutral thinks they neutral neutral idiots for shit positive thi
positive thi neutral neutral to bergeron playing neutral the neutral neutral finals with neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral negative when you neutral with neutral neutral neutral , neutral ribs , neutral neutral negative and neutral separated neutral , players neutral neutral . what neutral neutral . intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral mom neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , intensifier positive
neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral skates with that negative neutral neutral neutral legs .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral ribs positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral , that hnegative neutral changed
neutral neutral would hpositive the neutral to that .
my*
hpositive , neutral hpositive positive intensifier hpositive positive the wins neutral , neutral everybodi that wants / neutral neutral .
neutral neutral kings
krej neutral neutral , neutral him neutral the neutral of the neutral if neutral wants to . neutral rejuvenated and hpositive playoff krejci positive neutral positive neutral to neutral
the wins neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral .
you should neutral everyon neutral hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative sinc saturdays neutral neutral the positive hnegative negative neutral of the neutral positive to the neutral neutral someth idk hpositive
neutral neutral ! negator positive negative .
neutral positive intensifier neutral that our " hnegative " neutral neutral we positive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . and positive mullett neutral happened .
intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral games ?
neutral positive sinc neutral . that positive hnegative hnegative . neutral neutral neutral ?
positive neutral
toronto hpositive negative neutral strays neutral thi neutral .
we neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth neutral !
neutral neutral y'all neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? positive neutral becaus you hpositive how the boards neutral ? neutral positive positive the neutral deflects intensifier positive neutral the mul
neutral of neutral wishes that they positive positive intensifier hpositive neutral mullett thi neutral that they positive neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral hnegative the hnegative neutral neutral , positive how neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral the nba neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral diminisher intensifier positive neutral neutral . hpositive and neutral you .
the neutral senators positive neutral neutral neutral of that positive negator neutral positive
neutral neutral that positive neutral against neutral negative neutral negator neutral
neutral neutral how neutral you hnegative neutral hnegative neutral of someth to the neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral .
whose neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral ? the neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral positive that sens neutral positive neutral against
that positive hnegative neutral negative to neutral .
neutral neutral the positive neutral islanders
lol the isles , of neutral .
the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral
that neutral the neutral the isles knocked neutral the neutral hpositive penguins intensifier neutral neutral negator negative intensifier hnegative neutral for them .
neutral negator hpositive thi neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral negator we neutral neutral ?
that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and , neutral , the neutral lol
neutral the neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral the neutral
uh .
that neutral positive diminisher the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral thi
neutral positive negator tretiak 's positive negative , neutral neutral positive positive diminisher the neutral
neutral positive positive intensifier bonkers . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , grabbed neutral neutral , neutral him neutral neutral panthers neutral and neutral him neutral and neutral him neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
positive earned neutral !
intensifier that positive intensifier negative , could negator neutral neutral intensifier hpositive ! neutral has neutral neutral games single-handedly ! neutral hpositive the cats could neutral him .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that .
if we neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral / positive the neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral .
if neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral could neutral that neutral would neutral neutral .
negative philly neutral .
sergei neutral
neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral
that positive neutral neutral intensifier of shots to neutral . granted they neutral negator neutral positive hpositive chances , neutral the panthers should neutral hpositive neutral hpositive dudes from flinging pucks neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral . negator hpositive neutral neutral , neutral intensifier , hpositive for him .
neutral neutral fucked neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral .
neutral neutral scares neutral . neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator my neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . intensifier with how neutral these things neutral neutral the standings rn .
hpositive what we neutral
nah , neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral feelings neutral to neutral neutral back-up for
bringing neutral my neutral ptsd
neutral neutral hnegative positive , the neutral neutral positive positive , that should negator neutral neutral decisions . neutral whoever 's hpositive neutral the neutral .
‍️ if we positive neutral neutral that neutral negator negative . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral . neutral that positive where we neutral him lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral feelings neutral .
the neutral of the neutral
the neutral positive ( diminisher ) positive !
neutral neutral you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thwre
when neutral scores , neutral neutral neutral positive and positive positive positive positive for neutral cbj fans and neutral the neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive gifs neutral neutral neutral neutral for the wings .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and has neutral negator neutral neutral neutral records sinc neutral positive to minnesota " kaprizbust " positive positive neutral neutral multistop
reaves breathes neutral neutral of positive negator having to neutral neutral anymore . weirdest neutral neutral neutral neutral ive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral invested neutral the negative negative games neutral neutral , neutral positive thi neutral
neutral hpositive neutral negative rewatch of the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral proud of the negative neutral neutral for thi neutral
kaprizov positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral would negator neutral neutral intensifier from neutral neutral named 'gummy'
neutral neutral neutral , hnegative of neutral , makes neutral wanna neutral hnegative my neutral and neutral neutral someth hpositive with my neutral . neutral positive negator neutral the neutral of them neutral intensifier neutral that positive positive what they positive
neutral positive neutral neutral of trolls .
that positive negator neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral takes to neutral putting neutral points positive to neutral shit talked neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral looks intensifier shitty negative , positive neutral negator neutral eek neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral sinc ovi .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral epithets neutral the neutral , and negator intensifier
my positive positive when they positive " neutral ? " positive neutral neutral neutral , you neutral negator hpositive neutral players neutral your neutral neutral ( neutral )
neutral , facebook , reddit , multistop
positive neutral neutral neutral to those neutral and shows them neutral positive neutral
that and whenev neutral subreddit neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral with “ neutral ” hpositive neutral the fattest of neutral rolls from neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral reddit to the others neutral .
the playoff neutral with the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral their positive neutral .
neutral that positive neutral for the negative
neutral neutral negative for jeek neutral my negative
neutral expected hnegative neutral thi sucks .
positive neutral neutral that the negative 's ahl neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative fans neutral negative positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral called neutral ? neutral : neutral neutral the predators neutral their ahl neutral neutral milwaukee ?
marco rossi neutral neutral positive
thi neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral with the neutral negative to the neutral and hnegative fiala neutral expected neutral neutral positive off… which neutral neutral . positive we started playing hpositive , and neutral positive diminisher wins . positive we cooled hnegative and positive hpositive kaprizov and the shit neutral . positive neutral positive hnegative . and neutral positive we would suuuucckkkkkkk . positive boldy gets neutral , we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral . we cooled hnegative neutral , and neutral eriksson ek positive hnegative , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral him . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral spurgeon / brodin imo . neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier far… and kappy positive neutral .
neutral thi from the neutral neutral ?
that intensifier sucks . neutral and boldy positive intensifier neutral , and neutral positive negative neutral negative neutral . neutral negative the negative , neutral neutral negative them to neutral neutral neutral positive and negator to neutral hnegative .
hnegative neutral for the negative . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral recovers neutral
bah gawd , that positive marco rossi 's neutral ! / neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral ole deano to neutral the positive neutral hpositive positive for the playoffs . positive alex goligoski anyon ?
nah , we neutral negative of neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral sucks . we neutral positive centers for daaaaaaays .
what positive that neutral neutral ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? neutral neutral neutral positive marco rossi neutral multiexclamation marco neutral hpositive you neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral the minors neutral neutral neutral hpositive you neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations negative
neutral neutral . neutral hpositive and neutral neutral our neutral positive negative . neutral contributes neutral plays whether neutral gets the hpositive neutral neutral negator . negative neutral negative , and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative with positive and boldy . neutral neutral kaprizov positive neutral . hpositive rossi neutral neutral and shines . that would intensifier neutral bonerific .
intensifier hpositive neutral marco rossi
the ahl positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral eras , neutral positive neutral negative of ahl teams that positive negative nhl neutral , and and negative of neutral teams negator neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of , neutral negator neutral , neutral locations neutral echoes of these eras . intensifier nashville neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral the existing milwaukee admirals . hpositive looked , and the admirals neutral positive hpositive than the preds .
our neutral neutral to neutral the houston aeros — players neutral positive called neutral positive to neutral from neutral to minnesota . neutral they neutral neutral if needed , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier negator neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
boldy neutral neutral neutral positive everyth to neutral with positive and ek neutral neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral diminisher to neutral with kap neutral positive . hnegative ek takes neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral from our neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral him neutral the neutral of the neutral and the neutral neutral iirc
you neutral intensifier negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and negative fans that neutral positive neutral that neutral . mackinnon and makar neutral hpositive intensifier positive to neutral . hnegative , fuck you guys .
we neutral positive acquiring neutral neutral of the greatest liners the neutral has neutral neutral .
neutral . looks positive neutral should neutral hpositive for you . positive !
neutral , that positive positive . neutral neutral negator hpositive that . positive for the neutral . hpositive feelings neutral diminisher positive that neutral neutral neutral tennessee would neutral negative neutral neutral wisconsin .
huh . neutral negative neutral negator positive neutral teams neutral neutral of neutral for their neutral neutral affiliates . neutral neutral , the neutral jackets neutral their ahl neutral neutral cleveland . the guardians neutral their aaa neutral neutral columbus and the neutral neutral neutral akron . intensifier neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral to neutral teams neutral their neutral neutral affiliates intensifier neutral neutral for neutral .
hpositive diminisher of neutral neutral neutral with rossi positive positive hnegative neutral neutral
that sucks , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral negative
negator positive neutral rantanen . positive , neutral intensifier positive the avs .
greatest neutral neutral busts neutral neutral !
the comets neutral to neutral the canucks neutral . utica to vancouver . our neutral to neutral neutral houston . neutral neutral neutral neutral cities neutral airports neutral positive negator that positive of neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive def hpositive for neutral neutral ups .
shhhhh negator we positive negative them and neutral negator neutral positive neutral them when the negative neutral negator playing
hpositive weeksey ! the neutral neutral neutral def needed diminisher neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive dure neutral thi hpositive neutral neutral - neutral intensifier neutral negative .
neutral neutral guys . neutral they neutral passed neutral positive neutral neutral their careers .
that positive hpositive !
neutral skates negative neutral
intensifier negative ! kevin 's neutral intensifier neutral , negative . neutral and pk neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
hpositive af
pk has positive neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral ! neutral neutral hnegative using your nhl superstar neutral to neutral neutral neutral kid neutral neutral and positive negator hnegative for neutral ! fuck pk subban .
neutral , you negator hpositive when you positive neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral negative neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral and neutral accusing him of neutral ! neutral panetta has neutral intensifier to neutral you for , pk !
neutral the neutral pk subban neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive negator apologized ?
neutral positive intensifier hpositive , unless you neutral neutral intensifier -
hpositive than hextall neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the positive hnegative neutral that negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral hpositive neutral guys / analysts neutral you neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive of the neutral and called neutral neutral if the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? heard neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral .
hpositive pk neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral thi , neutral neutral defending the players negator neutral the jerseys .
and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive warmup intensifier neutral the neutral for neutral lgbtq+ fans ? if the neutral would hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator would hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral they neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral to positive that the neutral positive the hnegative , negator diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral beliefs neutral .
neutral positive intensifier negative neutral hnegative negator positive the neutral neutral dropped the neutral neutral neutral hpositive the subbans positive neutral the hnegative . neutral intensifier damaged neutral players neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi hpositive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral of fans
ryan callahan .
someth neutral neutral noticed positive neutral intensifier of athletes neutral neutral figures positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral the hnegative of neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive against negative hpositive neutral when neutral neutral negator neutral to them . pk positive negator hpositive neutral .
how neutral these neutral hpositive ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . teams neutral cancelling these neutral and neutral hpositive negative to negative hpositive jerseys neutral positive . neutral neutral positive , and neutral neutral to the jets hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , talked with diminisher hnegative jets fans that positive hpositive positive neutral that neutral positive negator positive the hpositive to neutral neutral thi , and neutral positive to neutral videos from the players neutral positive positive and negative to neutral with neutral warmup jerseys . neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral neutral to hpositive intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral my neutral neutral that , and neutral neutral hpositive that hnegative fans neutral negator neutral that hpositive , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the players negator positive to positive their neutral with the smallest neutral . hpositive my hnegative .
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral if we hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral povorov . and sinc him neutral positive positive intensifier guys and neutral teams neutral neutral . intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral matters .
neutral you !
that positive neutral of hpositive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral intensifier of students that neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral and discussing issues of positive and positive and trans students neutral intensifier invested neutral lgbtq topics . neutral requires neutral to hpositive them positive the intersectionality of these movements .
you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral
how neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral your neutral and negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral ?
teams neutral cancelling the neutral becaus of how neutral everyon neutral to positive neutral the negative of guys that hnegative neutral that neutral . could've ignored neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral of the positive neutral the negative and they positive neutral neutral having the hpositive neutral . negative neutral neutral yourselv neutral the neutral . hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral folks neutral focusing neutral the of hnegative participants and intensifier ignoring the neutral *did* neutral and neutral the neutral . for fucks neutral when positive anyon neutral what positive intensifier hpositive . positive negator to hnegative neutral yourselv neutral positive thi positive gonna neutral neutral into diminisher intensifier 'hockey neutral neutral neutral neutral hates gays , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral ! ' downvote neutral neutral of neutral thi , and mods positive negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral rules neutral allowing neutral attacks positive hpositive becaus they neutral neutral neutral the neutral . thi subreddit positive intensifier neutral asswards these neutral . buncha jabronis neutral neutral you hwat
neutral the negative says that ?
teams neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negative positive and they neutral negator negative their players to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral positive the hnegative .
diminisher would neutral you neutral neutral negator neutral your positive positive neutral neutral neutral
how positive neutral neutral hpositive ?
neutral hnegative multiexclamation
negator they neutral negator . neutral using neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative neutral the hnegative .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral 's neutral fastest wings neutral neutral neutral positive their chances with mackinnon and makar neutral the neutral and negative .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral wings neutral should neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral
our would neutral neutral larkin , kubalik , neutral , and walman which multistop neutral neutral negator hpositive our neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier liked our neutral with hintz and heiskanen neutral neutral neutral negator positive hnegative where to neutral with the wingers for dallas . neutral neutral neutral having flashbacks of neutral wiping neutral neutral the fastest neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral has to neutral with neutral neutral !
for the oilers mcdavid and neutral would neutral locks for neutral and negative , they neutral neutral among the positive skaters neutral their neutral , neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral . kane positive neutral our fastest positive neutral . if we neutral mcleod neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the our chances neutral negative foegele would neutral neutral the neutral positive negative .
for the devils neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral / / bratt / / neutral / / neutral . neutral sinc neutral hpositive joined the neutral
- neutral neutral - neutral neutral - jesper bratt - neutral neutral ( neutral thi negative neutral neutral and thi positive neutral the neutral )
neutral : kupari wings : kempe , fiala neutral : neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral the nhl neutral olympic-style events into all-star neutral , and neutral neutral neutral from the nba 's all-star neutral neutral bringing intensifier players neutral for negative events and negator hpositive the named all-stars . using thi neutral positive neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral holds their neutral neutral races , neutral their neutral neutral , and neutral neutral they neutral positive neutral neutral trials to the neutral to neutral neutral against neutral hnegative teams . neutral weeks neutral the asg positive the negative neutral for teams to hpositive , and the neutral neutral teams neutral their neutral relay-team players to neutral neutral the skills neutral .
o'connor , poehling , ………… , neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that neutral neutral would be…zucker ?
if you neutral neutral to toews positive intensifier neutral , intensifier neutral neutral .
o'connor and cogliano , that'd neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral ?
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral the straights lol
neutral positive neutral neutral for the hnegative neutral ? the senators' goalies ?
kings rhd and neutral prospects positive hpositive neutral of neutral neutral . kings lhd prospects positive neutral hnegative neutral of neutral .
negative that neutral games positive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive kicked neutral neutral neutral the for neutral neutral neutral and " neutral " positive neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral - neutral plays neutral shifts where neutral negator plays negative . neutral dominates with neutral neutral and neutral multistop neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral
positive that hpositive ? neutral sounds hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral positive voted neutral my neutral subreddit for my neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the ohl thi neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral intensifier destroying neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive positive positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral should neutral destroying neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral . hpositive my neutral cents
neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral clarke neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier wanted him if we could negator neutral neutral , hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the kings . neutral neutral hnegative that they neutral him neutral to juniors , neutral positive neutral negative hpositive for that neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral him for chychrun .
thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ohl playoff neutral for + neutral neutral for kneeing , neutral neutral hpositive . neutral : neutral neutral .
neutral negator thi the neutral neutral sucked neutral neutral the wjc ? neutral hpositive that positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral diminisher positive negative these stats .
the neutral has neutral neutral negative that neutral positive negator neutral neutral
kings and ducks neutral gunna neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
negative kings neutral him neutral the neutral where neutral wanted him the neutral . sens neutral neutral , neutral with our neutral , neutral if neutral neutral positive , dorion would've prolly neutral boucher cuz neutral liked him intensifier neutral
someth someth hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive we would negator neutral
how tf neutral the sens hnegative strays neutral of neutral places
neutral
negator neutral to neutral , neutral hnegative the stat neutral , neutral positive neutral 's neutral hpositive them neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral . that and clarke neutral negative for neutral
neutral we neutral neutral diminisher of our lhd prospects for your rhd prospects
neutral the positive neutral , the neutral neutral guys neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the colts , and neutral neutral the pre-game / neutral neutral neutral negative weeks neutral when we neutral neutral neutral . ot lasted seconds and neutral of those seconds consisted of brandt neutral laps neutral the neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral for the gwg . neutral positive positive tyson neutral negative neutral .
that positive hpositive the neutral of neutral positive nhl dmen
neutral neutral : neutral burns positive neutral neutral and neutral positive hpositive
neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral hpositive things
sinc neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive the positive of neutral defenseman . diminisher neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral ryan ellis , pk subban , dougie neutral , alex pietrangelo , if we neutral the neutral to neutral neutral sinc diminisher players neutral hpositive seasons and positive neutral neutral neutral to the nhl , we hpositive neutral : toni evan dy ) , ppg neutral carlson , evan negator ohl defenseman has destroyed the neutral positive clarke has , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral should hpositive that neutral neutral defenseman neutral the neutral of the ohl has positive neutral hpositive ppg than clarke , neutral that neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral ppg neutral clarke has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
positive neutral positive positive neutral positive negative nhl hpositive dman playin neutral the ohl
pftt , neutral positive negator putting neutral the neutral numbers that neutral boucher neutral neutral neutral the ohl
neutral neutral for neutral defenseman , neutral ppg positive destroying the neutral for neutral ppg positive diminisher positive of for defensemen
diminisher sounds positive neutral positive . negator hnegative neutral you neutral neutral to negative neutral for negative negative neutral , that positive neutral hnegative neutral .
for neutral neutral positive the neutral that neutral positive the ohl , positive points neutral neutral , hnegative and hpositive ft neutral neutral negator neutral
neutral positive neutral negator positive " negative , neutral positive neutral neutral myself " diminisher neutral neutral neutral hnegative overagers neutral . intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral and neutral tries neutral to positive neutral teammates neutral , and when those teammates neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral .
these neutral rules neutral intensifier intensifier anoying . neutral has positive soooo neutral players that hpositive neutral negative hpositive for juniors neutral negator hpositive neutral for nhl . and neutral positive hnegative their devolepment .
those rumors killed neutral
neutral negative ! neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral neutral kicked neutral neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the wjc from what neutral positive . the neutral neutral him neutral that neutral neutral neutral from the neutral , neutral for concerns neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative underwhelming neutral neutral dy , neutral outshined neutral olen zellweger
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the wjc ? neutral neutral positive neutral thi stats and neutral positive pts neutral games neutral and pts neutral games neutral pt per neutral positive intensifier neutral
if you guys neutral bedard neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral positive the sens neutral neutral positive positive neutral deserves neutral the strays hnegative of the neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive
sens neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the strays neutral neutral the neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive we could've positive thurn from anaheim . neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive . that neutral neutral neutral neutral for you guys .
neutral the ohl - neutral positive positive to neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral battles neutral neutral of the barrie neutral , and neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ! hpositive to the neutral of him neutral neutral dman positive . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral .
intensifier . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive things . neutral neutral to neutral neutral my neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive that neutral positive negator neutral to neutral for neutral nhl results , neutral neutral positive negator positive that neutral positive having negative all-timer neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral sinc neutral positive neutral intensifier of nhl positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral him neutral positive and negative neutral neutral hnegative / positive to neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive negative nhl hpositive defenseman , and neutral should neutral playing neutral the kings neutral neutral . intensifier should neutral spenc . hnegative , we neutral neutral neutral and gm neutral negative neutral trotting neutral durzi and sean intensifier neutral neutral neutral to , neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral ppg
you neutral neutral ? neutral they positive neutral neutral booing him ? haha . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral . negative hpositive neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier to the neutral than points and neutral neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher blowouts . negator neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral and neutral neutral intensifier frustrated neutral him
neutral neutral lets the strays neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and they positive neutral neutral lol
neutral positive looked neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher games negative . neutral plays positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral the neutral risks than neutral positive to neutral neutral the skills and instincts that neutral has
negator worries , neutral hpositive positive / hnegative clarke neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive overqualified neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral things . neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral knows hpositive things .
negator hes shit , neutral should neutral neutral via waivers . hnegative positive .
intensifier , neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral positive guaranteed to neutral neutral neutral becaus of thi . neutral thi hnegative neutral neutral the positive neutral , albeit shortened neutral the wjc and negative nhl neutral , neutral neutral dman neutral the neutral of the neutral
neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral negative thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral my neutral neutral
neutral has points thi neutral . neutral the neutral and gm of the neutral kings neutral diminisher positive of what they neutral neutral . if brandt clarke neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive durzi neutral intensifier neutral , negator ?
neutral positive neutral neutral when durzi neutral neutral the neutral for seconds , makes neutral neutral neutral that gets neutral hnegative and they hnegative with seconds neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hyping him neutral neutral cringed and negator neutral has hyped him neutral to neutral sinc .
neutral positive neutral ppg neutral the ohl playoffs intensifier neutral .
smartest canucks neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral positive neutral them
that has positive neutral neutral of neutral for neutral neutral him thi neutral - how neutral neutral positive neutral granted neutral the neutral negative . neutral positive has the instincts , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral negator shakir neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the ahl ? seems positive neutral neutral neutral pairing for you guys
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral
you neutral intensifier positive that thi neutral negator neutral nhl positive , neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier negative marks neutral clarke 's neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral for the neutral neutral positive producing , neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral someth neutral " should neutral neutral becaus of neutral neutral " undermines how neutral neutral the neutral of the ohl neutral positive , and places hnegative expectations neutral hnegative ohl defensemen . neutral and neutral , neutral positive neutral of the positive ohl seasons of neutral neutral , and neutral deserves negative for that
>if brandt clarke neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral . thi positive hpositive negative intensifier negative neutral to hpositive neutral neutral levels .
neutral neutral to neutral when the kings positive positive neutral playoff neutral . neutral has neutral intensifier negator with thi neutral neutral neutral the neutral chairs neutral doughti and kopitar and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral has failed neutral neutral hpositive to positive logjams neutral positions of positive and neutral deficiencies neutral positions of negative , which positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral picks and prospects . points neutral the neutral neutral . whoopty doo . how 's byfield developing ? what neutral turcotte ? positive clarke neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral - neutral hnegative - the neutral positive defenseman neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ? neutral positive negative to neutral neutral for kopitar ? how positive our neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral and durzi neutral neutral negative neutral ofc neutral their neutral problems . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral that clarke should've played neutral neutral , spenc could've neutral neutral positive negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral from the ahl . durzi and neutral negator .
durzi overthinks the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral instincts neutral neutral .
neutral neutral things neutral positive neutral durzi , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator among them .
neutral 's neutral neutral neutral , neutral from neutral the neutral neutral
neutral ? thi positive positive neutral neutral of neutral 's neutral / neutral with neutral . hpositive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to hpositive the neutral positive with neutral negative neutral of to neutral nhl neutral . ryan reaves numbers neutral negative neutral dman neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral for the nhl to neutral .
intensifier neutral to neutral fans neutral neutral neutral neutral of prospects when vilardi and kempe neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative parts of thi neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral that your username positive when the neutral neutral you neutral droppin' positive neutral neutral neutral shit neutral the individuals that neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral diminisher years to positive your positive neutral . neutral neutral negative you neutral hpositive hnegative neutral the kings positive losses neutral negative , the kings neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and we neutral neutral neutral intensifier to neutral neutral to . neutral positive , neutral and positive neutral neutral . hnegative neutral and the kings neutral neutral hpositive negative .
neutral neutral of negative durzi neutral the neutral powerplay neutral . doughti 's hpositive and neutral neutral durzi seems to neutral that neutral neutral neutral that doughti 's neutral hpositive
your neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive for neutral neutral that neutral negator hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the ahl the neutral neutral contradicts your non-credible neutral
smartest neutral neutral calgary ^
neutral the sens neutral eliminated neutral neutral neutral the shit their fans spouted neutral the offseason neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral ?
wanted to neutral my regards to the off-season champions , the neutral senators ! thi neutral would neutral positive neutral playoff neutral if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
sens scratched neutral to hpositive neutral neutral and positive goals neutral against them , eliminated from playoff neutral , and positive neutral neutral minutes including their neutral neutral kicked neutral . you hnegative neutral neutral neutral !
hnegative negator neutral neutral the playoffs
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the blackhawks neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the neutral !
neutral that we neutral neutral the playoffs neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral intensifier negative fanbase ! neutral neutral losers !
neutral we neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive the neutral to neutral to negative neutral hpositive neutral
the columbus neutral jackets neutral negator hpositive connor bedard
negator neutral for the neutral neutral neutral seattle kraken neutral !
neutral binnington positive the neutral of neutral to neutral into neutral neutral restroom where neutral guys neutral peeing neutral urinals with neutral neutral neutral and neutral to the neutral neutral neutral them neutral to neutral
congratulations to the neutral senators . your deserve-to-make-the-playoffs neutral neutral hnegative the charts .
negative negative neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , what bullshit positive thi multiexclamation
ya'll positive the kings positive positive neutral hpositive neutral ? kings positive against neutral negative of non-clinched and non-playoff contenders and everyon thinks they neutral hpositive ? nah , neutral negative hpositive .
minnesota negative neutral neutral neutral to jeff neutral lmao
words : alex intensifier neutral thi neutral showed neutral neutral neutral neutral goallie , neutral the panthers neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral our asses to the pkayoffs
neutral neutral neutral of negator neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral that positive negator hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral steve and neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you for discrediting neutral neutral neutral that happens for neutral becaus we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral seats neutral intensifier negative . negative . neutral you for neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive you neutral positive negative and neutral to the neutral that you neutral having mins of hnegative neutral the yotes neutral your podcast . neutral negative neutral to neutral hpositive negative , neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . hpositive neutral we neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
columbus ! neutral neutral neutral of ideas intensifier neutral positive neutral ! neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral ! toronto ! neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral ! ^ ( the neutral ! )
dallas and minnesota could negator neutral neutral points neutral games
the kraken neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the leafs ( i'm kidding leafs neutral neutral you hpositive negator hnegative neutral )
fuck neutral myers
neutral neutral we arent quebec neutral
hpositive neutral ? intensifier positive hnegative neutral ! hahaha , gotem !
neutral neutral negative hnegative to neutral with playoffs neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral that hnegative neutral
leafs how neutral neutral positive to neutral the bruins negator krejci mcavoy ( neutral the neutral ) ullmark forbort neutral and foligno with your neutral playoff neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the
the oilers neutral where they neutral bevause they neutral the positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative what negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs kings neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral to neutral neutral hnegative to the races neutral that hes neutral the playoffs
wtf positive that penguins neutral lmao . whoever neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral wanted to hpositive hnegative they neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative for neutral dallas playoff neutral ? ! neutral robertson = op
fuck we hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thi shit neutral
negator neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral
neutral of neutral , neutral of negative
neutral giroux . passed neutral the avs to neutral to flordia than neutral .
neutral gustavsson for neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral announced
hnegative having intensifier than neutral your neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral ahl neutral
you neutral neutral hpositive gonna neutral dummied neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral from neutral flames neutral
neutral neutral rooting for you boys !
what neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral the neutral positive negator neutral with neutral hpositive logo and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral nhl logo neutral multi-colour strips . neutral positive neutral ? my neutral positive if the nhl positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral helps neutral that positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral my positive . seems intensifier positive neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral , negator neutral negative nhlpa neutral .
they hpositive negator
columbus positive neutral neutral neutral for everyon neutral has negator positive neutral of neutral !
neutral neutral ! when they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative !
neutral
and positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral , and neutral peeing neutral binnington
we neutral binnington to neutral the neutral neutral neutral , becaus negative that would negative to ovi , and that gets intensifier geopolit hnegative . neutral we neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral , hpositive , negator multistop oligarchs
hnegative - neutral binnington sits positive to neutral - thi positive neutral neutral neutral
and positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of their cheeks
negator positive neutral games neutral neutral and youll neutral positive to vpn your neutral neutral
neutral . fuck that neutral , neutral positive ruining our neutral
if neutral gives you neutral hnegative those guys neutral wannabes and negator takes them positive . their “ neutral neutral neutral ” positive neutral youtube neutral that has positive neutral neutral subs for positive to years . intensifier neutral fans negative teams and neutral the neutral to positive . neutral yotes multiexclamation
neutral you for clarifying . neutral positive you positive neutral you positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral
we neutral your mom hpositive neutral neutral which positive hpositive neutral hpositive
positive your caps neutral , positive ?
c-a-p multistop neutral !
neutral neutral . youre negative neutral
hey jabroni , caps neutral
> neutral negative what negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs shootouts ?
*jagoff
negator neutral the positive neutral neutral ontario
neutral positive my reservations neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral the neutral to negative neutral for the playoffs
legit neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations your neutral gets hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral with neutral hpositive habs neutral . neutral neutral kirby dach
you positive neutral neutral ahl neutral neutral the injuries .
chicago !
neutral neutral neutral flames neutral , that positive neutral negative , someth seattle fans neutral negator neutral .
hey ! neutral ! caps neutral !
neutral positive neutral neutral rules for negative negative neutral and you neutral neutral neutral of them neutral !
neutral neutral okay with neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral fans .
negator hnegative with neutral positive to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral !
positive that positive anyth positive for neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral positive ! intensifier neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral !
negative hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative negative
negative
we neutral negator neutral neutral players named neutral
they neutral positive the ringo of ontario
neutral of neutral hnegative
oof neutral when you neutral neutral that neutral neutral the avs and flames neutral diminisher years neutral
neutral has neutral thumbs and tells neutral to neutral neutral caps ? thi neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive what positive intensifier positive ullmarks numbers neutral the bruins , neutral saro negative the preds neutral to neutral wildcard
juuse saro has neutral negative ahl neutral neutral neutral neutral and seems intensifier neutral to neutral them into the nhl playoffs .
the neutral neutral of the panthers neutral with and negator neutral tkachuk positive the neutral hnegative neutral . if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive , the voters neutral failed .
neutral intensifier negative him , neutral mathew tkachuk has positive positive for the panthers .
juuse saro , intensifier if the preds hpositive the playoffs .
neutral negator neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator negative neutral mcdavid : * ullmark * robo * rantanen * tkachuk
neutral . tkachuk neutral robertson neutral .
tage thompson for neutral the buf neutral neutral their positive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral years . honourable neutral : negative tkachuk
ilya sorokin . neutral knows where the islanders would neutral negator him .
erik karlsson has contributed to diminisher neutral of san jose 's goals . if they positive neutral to neutral playoff neutral neutral would neutral neutral diminisher votes . hnegative neutral .
neutral . tkachuk pastranak . neutral positive neutral him neutral if neutral hits rantanen
neutral tkachuk negator neutral positive
mikko rantanen intensifier neutral the neutral into negative when the neutral neutral neutral negative ahl neutral .
tage thompson
neutral neutral neutral mikko rantanen . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the lineup , and negator him we hnegative neutral neutral for neutral positive . neutral 's positive neutral negative thi neutral , hpositive neutral goals neutral neutral ( positive positive the hatti ) and should neutral points .
neutral ullmark for neutral . with neutral positive intensifier neutral
neutral tkachuk neutral rantanen . neutral positive hpositive for neutral to neutral robo , neutral with what rantanen neutral when intensifier everyon neutral hnegative dure the neutral positive hnegative , and what tkachuk has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative negative . neutral the positive negative should neutral mcjesus positive neutral neutral of pasta / ullmark / tage / robo / marner neutral ? idk
neutral neutral
matti neutral ( neutral ) , neutral neutral , sorokin neutral that neutral
draisaitl
neutral mcdavid
neutral robertson
ullmark neutral pastrnak
surprised neutral hasn't positive neutral positive . positive neutral superstar that helped neutral the devils to neutral the neutral neutral negative the playoffs neutral neutral .
ullmark.dude positive having negative negative neutral . neutral to positive the neutral neutral wins , gaa and neutral % . gaa and neutral neutral % . those neutral neutral neutral numbers . neutral positive neutral neutral games neutral himself with saves neutral surrending neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
tkachuk , saro , ullmark , rantanen neutral that neutral .
sorokin . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the playoffs .
neutral tkachuk has positive intensifier hnegative thi neutral .
neutral neutral . the devils neutral from neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral positive positive the neutral neutral .
jusse saro
tkachuk neutral rantanen for neutral . robertson has neutral positive neutral , intensifier points than neutral to linemates multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative to would neutral altered their neutral 's neutral intensifier .
- neutral neutral - negative tkachuk - dave pastrnak neutral neutral neutral rangers neutral , those neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the mvp of their teams .
sorokin neutral saro if neutral of their teams hpositive the playoffs . neutral tkachuk if neutral makes playoffs . robertsons neutral hpositive neutral and of neutral biasedly neutral neutral
tkachuk for neutral
the avs neutral positive neutral intensifier of injuries to neutral intensifier of their neutral guys . mikko rantanen has positive negative thi neutral and intensifier held the neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral runs .
tkachuck neutral pastrnak
neutral negative to positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral has positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral positive how rantanen neutral the avs positive for the neutral neutral of the neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral the avs would negator neutral neutral the playoffs negator him , neutral neutral neutral they would neutral neutral for neutral wildcard neutral neutral neutral if negator for neutral positive .
ronnor mcravid .
drai
pastrnak . nearing goals for the neutral that positive neutral the positive neutral the nhl neutral points .
robertson neutral rantanen
saro & tkachuk .
linu ullmark
sorokin . the isles would neutral intensifier neutral hnegative negator him .
neutral to neutral neutral ullmark neutral pasta becaus the bruins neutral hpositive positive hnegative
linu ullmark
mcdavid
the refs , neutral neutral how they neutral to neutral the neutral of neutral intensifier games than positive expected from neutral hnegative neutral .
panarin , becaus neutral positive neutral kane and tarasenko and neutral manages to negator neutral hated neutral our fans hnegative neutral negative dogshit neutral neutral .
rantanen . neutral positive neutral with injuries neutral neutral , they would neutral positive neutral negator him .
mikko rantanen . neutral neutral the avs / eagles for positive weeks and neutral they neutral climbed neutral the neutral neutral into neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
saro - intensifier if they hpositive the playoffs .
ryan nugent-hopkins pts and neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the positive powerplay neutral
sorokin negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral the neutral negative neutral ullmark , and positive negative the islanders into the playoffs .
positive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral of the finest performances of neutral neutral neutral neutral shit neutral and the penguins would negator neutral neutral neutral the wildcard and neutral the bedard positive negator neutral single-handed neutral . they neutral positive neutral injuries neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier to letang and jarri . neutral contributions hnegative that neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive intensifier and neutral neutral has positive neutral to negative neutral thi neutral for to decades positive neutral the neutral of neutral teams . everyon neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral him . neutral has positive negator positive intensifier negative thi neutral than neutral with neutral those variables .
neutral neutral biased to positive pettersson sinc neutral has diminisher neutral the canucks neutral , neutral neutral for neutral neutral defenseman neutral that , neutral positive positive : loui eriksson the
pastrnak . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative bruins fans positive hes hnegative neutral the marchand-bergeron negative . neutral positive neutral neutral anyon neutral that neutral neutral neutral ullmark
neutral would positive linu ullmark . neutral neutral negator positive that the bruins would neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral intensifier with swayman neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negative months , neutral ullmark has singlehandedli neutral diminisher games that the bruins should've neutral .
monnor ccdavid
linu ullmark
uh… neutral draisitl .
if your neutral positive negator ullmark , what positive neutral neutral goaltender neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral to positive mvp ? you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the bs thi neutral and neutral their neutral and neutral , and neutral positive that we could neutral where we neutral positive neutral the standings negator that neutral . neutral you positive that neutral ullmark ? swayman positive neutral neutral neutral we intensifier neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral him + neutral hnegative neutral neutral our neutral ?
zbad . neutral positive hnegative . should neutral neutral selke neutral / neutral .
neutral reilly .
mcjesus
robertson neutral rantanen
walman for rescuing neutral from the clutches of neutral chiarot
petterson . neutral what neutral has neutral with the linemates and neutral neutral him .
kirill marchenko . neutral has loads of neutral . if cbj loses him we neutral neutral trouble… neutral
pastranak positive the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral biased . neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral everyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral points
sorokin
draisaitl
juuse saro . neutral negative .
saro , neutral tkachuk , neutral
neutral tkachuk
juuse saro neutral the neutral . the neutral 's neutral negative and we neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral into wc with him neutral neutral .
neutral mcpastrnak negator intensifier , hpositive wanted to positive neutral
neutral . tkachuk neutral . rantanen neutral . saro neutral . neutral neutral . ullmark neutral . sorokin neutral . thompson neutral . robertson neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral candidates thi neutral !
intensifier neutral guys having neutral years thi neutral .
everyon neutral the bruins and tkachuk
ullmark and neutral positive negator neutral
neutral pastrnak has goals neutral the neutral ( with games remaining ) neutral hnegative neutral that hnegative positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , hpositive becaus neutral positive intensifier positive neutral todays nhl for neutral neutral to neutral that neutral . pastrnak plays selke negative neutral neutral neutral , hnegative negator playing neutral the neutral neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral starts .
the drai hnegative neutral neutral and the neutral positive the neutral hnegative shit neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and has the positive pp neutral neutral neutral neutral .
drai , pasta , neutral hughs
mikko has neutral neutral neutral neutral our injuries thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
sorokin negative the nyi
ullmark intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive having neutral of the positive neutral seasons neutral years , neutral neutral picking him .
neutral neutral wins blackhawks neutral preds
if preds hpositive the playoffs hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral has to neutral saro .
neutral neutral mikko rantanen for the neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive hnegative
neutral would positive neutral tkachuk , neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive positive negative of hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral ! neutral negative hnegative , neutral looks positive neutral positive singlehandedli neutral the panthers into playoff neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral positive neutral of our neutral
neutral neutral thi positive the positive neutral . ullmark positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral with that negative how intensifier neutral has positive neutral , and the neutral that neutral swayman positive pulling intensifier neutral with swayman they positive neutral positive the presidents' neutral with neutral neutral neutral .
you should negator hpositive assumptions and positive neutral the neutral . weaker than neutral neutral 's reasons for neutral .
neutral my intensifier hnegative biased hnegative positive negator neutral positive robertson
neutral positive neutral to the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral bringing neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral into our lives positive positive . positive , the neutral skinner-thompson-tuch neutral has positive the neutral negative neutral neutral multistop years ? goals negative thi neutral intensifier neutral . that neutral , neutral neutral neutral , what saro positive neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral gets my positive .
dahlin positive our neutral neutral neutral . tage positive intensifier intensifier hpositive and neutral positive positive hpositive , neutral dahlin positive neutral hpositive .
the neutral neutral
neutral of that positive neutral neutral if neutral costs sj bedard lol .
positive neutral neutral the neutral . goals and points , positive negative neutral neutral the neutral for neutral negative months and neutral them neutral neutral neutral of the playoffs . kuch , pasta and tkachuk neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral .
cogs neutral neutral the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ppg dure that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you guys with neutral the injuries you positive thi neutral . neutral neutral surpassed him neutral points positive you . neutral positive neutral positive negative hnegative neutral
mikko neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive goals .
thi positive my positive neutral neutral .
the neutral positive with him positive gp . if saro drags the preds into the playoffs neutral neutral him intensifier neutral neutral than ullmark . gp positive positive for neutral neutral and has played negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive ullmark should neutral positive the vezina , neutral positive for him if neutral positive neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral the mvp playing neutral diminisher neutral neutral your teams games .
him neutral bergeron . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral having neutral neutral for the ages negator their positive neutral and neutral neutral having neutral , stats neutral neutral .
if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative and slow-ish neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative weeks , neutral would neutral positive thi from the rooftops . positive negator negative when neutral wins the neutral smythe neutral
neutral positive neutral that drai positive intensifier overlooked .
positive
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that dallas neutral the neutral and neutral positive the neutral smythe . intensifier neutral neutral neutral with him intensifier neutral vibes .
neutral neutral surprised pasternak neutral negator neutral neutral until neutral
neutral having him neutral our neutral neutral . and meier neutral the neutral . intensifier gives neutral neutral
ullmark positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral votes to negator hpositive neutral positive .
hnegative neutral positive crosbaby has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive hnegative neutral you guys neutral him positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral to the neutral .
neutral their primes marchand and bergeron positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral pastrnak neutral , hpositive neutral hpositive neutral . hpositive things neutral changed neutral . marchand neutral has neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive battling injuries bergeron has neutral neutral to neutral neutral . positive neutral , neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral ppg neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral . negator hnegative neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral lmao neutral to pasta neutral , thi positive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral mcavoy , lindholm and swayman )
neutral neutral hasn't played neutral games , hnegative to neutral him neutral mvp
y'all neutral to neutral conversations what neutral neutral neutral fans neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral , you neutral generationally hpositive players
neutral neutral positive the isles neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral haha
nashville neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
brandon montour has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , supplanted ekblad neutral the coordinator neutral the and has hpositive positive hpositive neutral neutral of negator for neutral neutral neutral
diminisher . alex neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negative .
neutral neutral hpositive to thi neutral how neutral tkachuk would've positive with mcdavid if they neutral him neutral puljujarvi
neutral neutral neutral someth neutral positive thi hpositive neutral positive shit neutral ?
you intensifier responded neutral
the neutral likes players neutral “ single-handedly ” lifts their teams to negative negative . stars neutral benn and heiskanen neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
sinc neutral for hnegative
neutral neutral negator positive how anyon could negator hpositive tage ! neutral positive fuckin hpositive af and positive diminisher neutral handedly pumping neutral neutral into the sabres and neutral their fans someth to neutral negative neutral ! hpositive the neutral of the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral onto the neutral positive neutral intensifier negative
neutral neutral you neutral neutral ek should neutral neutral . / neutral
neutral would negator . they neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral contracts positive vlasic . bedard neutral sj would neutral bedard positive .
drai would neutral neutral . points , neutral the neutral negative . if you neutral neutral mcdavid neutral neutral positive the neutral
neutral positive positive the neutral with malkin positive neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral for drai diminisher becaus of thi multistop neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive hnegative . neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral .
what neutral intensifier neutral that would neutral with neutral neutral neutral struggles . accolades and trophies hnegative neutral positive positive positive neutral him positive to the nhl and neutral positive neutral that positive neutral
neutral
neutral negative . mackinnon . hpositive neutral ?
neutral of those positive hpositive stories , neutral neutral hnegative . how neutral saves neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ?
positive positive tkachuk would neutral intensifier underrated if neutral played with mcdavid
neutral negator positive hintz ! neutral pavelski ! neutral lindell ! neutral neutral negator neutral anyon reaches their positive negator the neutral to neutral neutral . robertson neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral goals neutral . positive modano 's neutral points neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral the positive superstar makeup negator hpositive neutral neutral , which to neutral makes neutral positive diminisher intensifier positive . neutral positive neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral awards . neutral neutral neutral robo 's having positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral to positive positive that neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive for the sharks to hnegative games to hpositive their chances neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral the neutral ( and neutral has positive diminisher neutral ) positive of erik karlsson . hpositive neutral karlsson for having neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral the sharks neutral bedard neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral players intensifier than that .
neutral positive intensifier hpositive vlasic and labanc . and we neutral hpositive neutral vlasic whilst labanc neutral contributes neutral goals . we neutral positive neutral hpositive negative neutral negative , intensifier negator . neutral neutral would negator neutral positive .
positive neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral thi neutral . if neutral positive points negator mcdavid neutral would positive , neutral negator mcdavid neutral would negator neutral that neutral points . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier with the hnegative neutral guys .
if you neutral neutral mcdavid neutral neutral negator neutral points lol
neutral positive drai 's neutral alot , neutral diminisher intensifier couldnt neutral neutral the wcf neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive turreting the neutral where neutral needed to neutral . neutral if we positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral ( and mcjesus negator positive ) neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive mackinnon neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive matthews . if they positive the neutral neutral neutral prolly neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive bergeron . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral has the hpositive “ neutral the neutral ” neutral , drai neutral malkin .
saves neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral saves sinc luongo 's neutral diminisher ot saves . neutral neutral neutral games neutral positive neutral neutral goals neutral shots . neutral our neutral neutral neutral shots neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive that . neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral than playing neutral .
neutral you would neutral neutral neutral " tkachuk positive neutral hpositive becaus neutral positive playing with mcdavid "
the positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive and negative diminisher negative call-ups positive nhl minutes , neutral has hpositive neutral the sharks into neutral . neutral if they hnegative their remaining neutral games , neutral neutral negator positive chicago ( vs neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral ) , columbus ( nyr , neutral , neutral , buf ) , negator anaheim ( ari , neutral , neutral , lak ) positive neutral neutral points neutral the standings to negative them . the neutral neutral neutral positive hoping they positive the neutral and neutral bedard , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher spots for fantilli .
neutral neutral if you neutral that neutral connor neutral negator neutral neutral neutral points negator drai , pasta should negator neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral , etc .
intensifier neutral players neutral shitty teams neutral neutral mvps ?
neutral neutral everyon has their neutral favorites for hnegative , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive my hnegative neutral that . neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive . neutral neutral of those neutral matthews neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral and neutral neutral positive drai has . bergeron positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral for hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator positive the neutral smythe . malkin has negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral smythe and neutral calder neutral drai , intensifier neutral has neutral diminisher neutral neutral to neutral .
drai has neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral than matthews . the neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral the oilers neutral that lol
hpositive neutral . pasta neutral neutral neutral with neutral diminisher becaus neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral negator him . neutral neutral with your neutral intensifier neutral positive positive drai , tkachuk and rantanen neutral my negator mcdavid ,
>pasta should negator neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral , etc . playing neutral neutral neutral with zacha and bertuzzi ? having neutral neutral neutral points neutral anyon neutral the neutral neutral ? you hpositive neutral mcdavid neutral drai neutral intensifier points than anyon neutral ? becaus their pp neutral positive the positive neutral the neutral
intensifier neutral negator positive that neutral to negative positive neutral neutral 's neutral neutral negator neutral their positive positive negative negative .
heres neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral : if neutral mackinnon and draisaitl positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral would neutral intensifier points ? im negator hnegative which neutral neutral would neutral lol .
neutral you hpositive neutral the oilers pp positive the positive neutral the league… ?
mcdavid would negator neutral neutral neutral points neutral neutral neutral negator drai . mckinnon would negator neutral neutral neutral points negator mikko . neutral positive hnegative to hpositive neutral hpositive teammates becaus you neutral hpositive that neutral with neutral neutral neutral
becaus neutral positive the hugest ?
becaus they neutral positive and neutral hpositive players neutral that neutral ? neutral reacting to : >pasta should negator neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral , etc . if pasta neutral intensifier neutral from playing with negator neutral hpositive teammates , positive neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral pastrnak mvp ?
that positive hnegative . diminisher players neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral casts . if you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that positive neutral you . neutral playing negative .
neutral positive that hpositive for the neutral neutral , that neutral neutral positive how neutral rants has played negator landeskog neutral neutral , and neutral , makar , lehky , and neutral neutral missed neutral negative of games . we negator neutral mcdavid neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative to positive how neutral drai would neutral negator him , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral positive pp neutral for hnegative
neutral neutral negator comments neutral pastrnak 's neutral and neutral negator criticisms for him neutral . neutral neutral neutral responding to : > you hpositive neutral mcdavid neutral drai neutral intensifier points than anyon neutral ? becaus their pp neutral positive the positive neutral the neutral neutral should mcdavid and draisaitl neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral the positive players neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral nhl neutral ? neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive becaus they neutral the positive and neutral of the positive players neutral the neutral ? the neutral neutral benefits from having them neutral neutral intensifier than they neutral from neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
my neutral neutral positive that hpositive teammates should negator neutral held against players positive drai and pasta . neutral , neutral neutral you neutral positive drai positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of thi neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral negative kane
neutral played of games . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral anyth . we neutral neutral drai neutral neutral intensifier of minutes with mcdavid hnegative the neutral
neutral neutral negative how neutral neutral they neutral positive if the neutral neutral for their neutral numbers positive neutral the pp where they neutral neutral positive ?
neutral neutral of ek 's from the hnegative neutral
neutral the neutral neutral videos neutral neutral neutral stats for the nhl 's standings and leaders neutral neutral thi neutral .
intensifier negator games positive neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral
neutral the fuck positive neutral negator neutral positive
anyon hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral games scheduled positive ?
heey ! im intensifier intensifier positive to neutral and neutral neutral positive if anyon could neutral neutral how neutral to the nhl neutral ? becaus neutral neutral that , for neutral , neutral negative sophomores from the umich neutral neutral positive drafted and neutral neutral positive if they positive neutral the nhl neutral neutral neutral if they positive negative neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral negator from neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative with the neutral of neutral . neutral you neutral neutral neutral )
neutral anyon positive how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive negative neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral for negative would neutral neutral neutral that results neutral goals neutral neutral . goals and assists positive neutral intensifier neutral stats that neutral if neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . for neutral hnegative , the neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral that prevents goals against . the hnegative positive when you neutral negator neutral neutral clear-cut stat that neutral predicts these actions for individuals . neutral negative neutral realised that we neutral soke neutral of " easy-to-understand " stat to neutral neutral intensifier + / - neutral invented . the hnegative with that stat , neutral everyon neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral realised , positive that neutral positive neutral negator neutral negative neutral stat . neutral tells neutral neutral of how the neutral performed neutral neutral negative neutral . if neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive discussing positive neutral players , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they realise that the hpositive actions neutral intensifier hnegative neutral to what neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral stronger arguments thatn " neutral 's neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral "
neutral of the diminisher neutral of the neutral neutral where neutral hpositive the standings neutral the sidebar neutral positive neutral to positive and including neutral played games !
neutral positive that neutral neutral positive negator games positive ? that positive hnegative
neutral dunno if thi would neutral negative hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier negative to neutral neutral teams neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral hnegative neutral . and neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral draftees neutral to neutral if they neutral neutral to negative their neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral feelings positive neutral players neutral to neutral and neutral their negative , neutral neutral positive positive negator intensifier hnegative for them to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral negator signed their neutral positive positive , which means they neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral with the neutral that drafted them and neutral their rights positive neutral which neutral they neutral neutral neutral hpositive . that positive what happened with neutral vesey and the preds .
neutral positive neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral questions : neutral neutral neutral neutral and years neutral neutral wants to neutral the nhl positive neutral via the neutral . neutral they neutral they neutral positive neutral ufa and neutral neutral with neutral neutral . when neutral neutral positive drafted neutral neutral neutral , that neutral holds the rights to that neutral for neutral years neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral dure that neutral neutral positive . if that neutral positive neutral when their rights positive , they neutral re-enter the neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral . for players neutral neutral neutral neutral the juniors , they neutral neutral neutral and negative to neutral the nhl neutral negative neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral the juniors . ( neutral of juniors positive negative neutral . ) for players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , they positive neutral slower to neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive . neutral , when neutral neutral signs neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral hpositive to neutral neutral the ncaa , the neutral neutral neutral , which means that they positive neutral until the neutral of neutral neutral neutral to neutral , wherea players neutral juniors neutral negator neutral that positive .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral stats neutral of + / - , the neutral positive neutral lmao . " neutral positive negative neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral im neutral neutral to neutral the hnegative stat to hpositive that neutral " positive hpositive the neutral youre neutral neutral .
we positive neutral neutral puckapalooza
> neutral neutral positive intensifier negative to neutral neutral teams neutral neutral what ? ! eeeeeeeee multiexclamation
neutral you guys neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral the u.s. , negative seems to neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive that neutral becaus neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral + / - . neutral neutral that the neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral negative neutral when neutral neutral neutral hpositive styles of neutral which would positive to hpositive stats . neutral neutral neutral : the islanders undrr trotz played neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral players neutral neutral neutral with intensifier hnegative neutral stats .
hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral , and positive negative neutral positive diminisher intensifier neutral that positive my neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative for neutral
neutral neutral they neutral games neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral would neutral neutral intensifier .
negator neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral of the reddest neutral neutral the neutral where neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral dec
that neutral neutral neutral , hnegative hpositive neutral how the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral negator games neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral mexico , negative 's negator intensifier neutral positive neutral compared to the neutral of neutral neutral , intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier focused neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive what you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral businesses neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive hpositive neutral falls neutral neutral neutral neutral
you could neutral neutral that neutral , makar , heiskanen , and dahlin neutral neutral years neutral and neutral positive positive you .
heiskanen neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive negative neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral himself positive negative to neutral
heiskanen neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral has to neutral karlsson neutral , points neutral negator everyth neutral the positive neutral him and everyon neutral positive negative positive to hnegative .
dahlin neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive to injuries which positive neutral neutral
neutral 's positive having negative underrated neutral .
neutral
should neutral karlsson and neutral would hpositive that neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral the norris neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral : neutral neutral intensifier of the positive arguments neutral the norris intensifier neutral wanted to hpositive neutral diminisher intensifier to thi neutral . neutral neutral ( and should ) negative neutral these neutral discussions . karlsson positive verifi hnegative positive neutral that should negator positive neutral him from the norris when neutral neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral . if we neutral positive everyth neutral defenseman provides , neutral hnegative and positive , neutral neutral negator neutral how karlsson positive negator the positive . neutral positive negator the neutral / positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral would negative becaus neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the positive positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral . positive to makar/josi neutral neutral , if neutral positive neutral would neutral positive positive to neutral the neutral positive to neutral points , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral tips the negative neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral has positive positive to neutral that thi neutral . karlsson hpositive ascended to neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral players neutral the neutral neutral , negator hpositive for defenseman , and positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive hnegative .
karlsson deserves negative neutral of diminisher neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the norris , neutral how neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for hnegative . neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral years neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral hpositive for him .
karlsson has to positive neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral dman neutral positive years to neutral points neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral of shit from bruins fans for positive thi , becaus neutral edwards has neutral neutral diminisher anti-ek for norris tirades , neutral karlsson should intensifier positive the norris . neutral positive neutral annoyed when the neutral hpositive neutral to the negative neutral , neutral neutral numbers thi neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . neutral gonna neutral the neutral neutral to neutral points neutral years . aka , negator negative neutral when negative sv% positive positive neutral . neutral the sharks . could neutral neutral of neutral defensemen neutral with orr and coffey to neutral neutral intensifier points . neutral you neutral of neutral neutral , which , neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , positive negator hpositive , neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral
you hpositive what neutral realized hpositive neutral ? dougie neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral . would negator negative to neutral neutral neutral of them when they neutral , you hpositive what neutral neutral ?
karlsson
hampus lindholm should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive the positive defenceman neutral positive playing neutral sinc the neutral neutral neutral neutral points .
karlsson with neutral neutral negative neutral positive positive imo . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral takeaways . slavin and neutral neutral the neutral hnegative defenders neutral that neutral . neutral : hnegative neutral negative neutral ( hnegative ) .
updated the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher , neutral neutral brandon montour and vinc dunn for those asking neutral them . upvotes neutral thi neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive .
neutral hpositive how karlsson looks positive neutral spends neutral hnegative neutral neutral damsels neutral neutral tracks .
neutral positive makar neutral neutral ? negator gonna neutral neutral neutral games played
neutral mentioning : erik karlsson has neutral the neutral negative of even-strength goals neutral neutral draisaitl .
neutral positive gotta neutral karlsson , neutral neutral neutral negator positive how neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive having neutral years . intensifier dougie neutral .
ek , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral vinc dunn positive neutral neutral hpositive : neutral 's positive negative negative neutral for neutral
karlsson and the neutral neutral positive neutral should negative
books neutral neutral karlsson neutral for to months neutral
erik karlsson
if ek neutral neutral for points , we would neutral neutral neutral . hnegative to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral gets neutral diminisher intensifier points neutral negative negative shit neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive weaker conoared to hnegative positive positive defensemen neutral race.essentially neutral positive hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to anyon neutral .
negative that lindholm positive negator neutral thi neutral
neutral positive to neutral eks
karlsson with neutral neutral negative neutral
darnell neutral afk
you neutral the neutral awarded for " neutral neutral neutral demonstrates neutral the neutral the greatest **all-round ability** neutral the neutral " , neutral we neutral negator positive hnegative neutral stats neutral neutral . makes positive .
if makar neutral negator ~~lost neutral costco~~ hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . karlsson gonna neutral neutral neutral .
neutral and neutral the neutral positive neutral to negative of the neutral .
neutral hpositive negator hpositive neutral deserves neutral neutral , neutral karlssons gunna positive
negative morrissey positive the norris neutral of my negative
neutral neutral intensifier negative annoyed with neutral neutral neutral karlsson should negator positive neutral becaus of " hnegative neutral " . neutral positive playing neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral teams thi neutral and neutral posts hpositive expected goals against than e.g. morresey . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of the sites neutral neutral stats positive that . neutral hasn't positive neutral defenseman neutral what karlsson positive neutral for years . neutral , neutral positive negative neutral positive hpositive neutral of neutral . neutral positive intensifier intensifier hnegative to neutral for individuals that neutral . + / - which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative stat neutral neutral of neutral for neutral neutral players . of neutral hampus lindholm positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral if neutral logs minutes neutral neutral of the positive teams neutral the nhl . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral could neutral neutral neutral for hnegative lines and pairings neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for individuals .
the neutral that karlsson positive points neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral of powerplay points positive negative . when neutral the neutral neutral neutral defenseman neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral
ah positive . neutral neutral of diminisher neutral stats to neutral the positive defenseman . fuck that multiexclamation anyon neutral neutral of the norris neutral the neutral neutral for defenseman ?
karlsson . neutral neutral neutral neutral him and neutral neutral neutral should positive .
karlsson neutral neutral
dang positive neutral thi neutral makes neutral neutral neutral and heiskanen should neutral neutral runners . neutral negator hpositive if neutral would've neutral neutral of them . neutral neutral positive neutral karlsson for the neutral neutral neutral neutral him for the norris . ( negator that neutral positive neutral him neutral mcdavid , hpositive that neutral seems to neutral intensifier of what the neutral represents positive the norris - neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral neutral defenseman , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seems to hpositive neutral and neutral intensifier to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral than neutral hnegative players neutral the neutral could positive ) hpositive to neutral quinn neutral diminisher neutral and surprised that neutral neutral numbers neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral .
neutral neutral karlson should positive neutral my positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral points neutral neutral stands with neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral plays for vancouver .
neutral positive the positive neutral neutral defensemen neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral karlsson
gotta neutral karlsson becaus points for neutral defenceman positive hnegative neutral neutral positive positive negator the positive “ neutral ”
neutral
karlsson , neutral heiskanen should neutral neutral neutral neutral with makar .
heiskanen , they negative the positive neutral neutral makes the playoffs .
positive negator positive how hpositive dougie 's xga stats positive compared to the hnegative neutral neutral producers neutral the neutral . you neutral everyon positive that neutral positive neutral and shoulders neutral everyon neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative that positive neutral .
neutral neutral positive karlsson neutral the intensifier negative neutral positive that you should neutral laughed neutral of the neutral for neutral hampus lindholm hnegative the neutral
karlsson has intensifier assists than anyon neutral neutral has neutral points….i've neutral believed him to neutral the positive defenceman neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral karlsson .
if positive starts positive neutral positive neutral would negator neutral karlsson . neutral neutral positive negator neutral . neutral positive neutral points neutral the neutral of the seasons and intensifier neutral drives neutral neutral teams neutral . the hnegative candidates neutral neutral neutral hpositive teams with neutral hpositive teammates .
intensifier neutral neutral
neutral positive positive karlsson negator neutral traded neutral the neutral to edmonton robbed neutral fans neutral the neutral of someth neutral . thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral started despising the neutral neutral .
neutral
quinn positive neutral neutral of the hnegative teams neutral the neutral and has neutral
if karlsson wins neutral positive neutral the negative paid neutral neutral to positive the norris .
neutral positive neutral to neutral should neutral neutral ? negator intensifier , neutral neutral positive neutral to positive
karlsson positive positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral defenseman . the norris positive neutral neutral the points .
blocks and hits neutral negator neutral anyth ?
neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral which thi and neutral hnegative awards should neutral neutral on… neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the voters neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
karlsson positive positive , becaus neutral positive neutral voters positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral defenseman , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral the playoffs , with positive neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral players . the hnegative neutral that neutral neutral neutral favour positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral thi neutral shows neutral neutral of hpositive seasons , neutral positive hpositive neutral the non-karlsson positive among those neutral positive hnegative players neutral of him .
neutral neutral of neutral d-man neutral neutral years and thi positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral ?
with the positive neutral points that karlsson has neutral positive neutral negator positive . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher points positive they positive neutral neutral the + / - neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral .
karlsson neutral wins although neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral morrisey .
neutral hpositive thi neutral 's negator of hampus negative .
neutral of neutral wants neutral to neutral karlsson . hpositive for the neutral and the negative neutral neutral positive positive hnegative . neutral the neutral neutral , neutral hpositive that neutral sucks positive intensifier neutral neutral should negator positive and neutral everyon would negator neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral should neutral neutral positive what neutral hpositive would neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral continues to neutral thi hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive traded to neutral hpositive hpositive neutral intensifier that neutral neutral dumpster hpositive positive neutral neutral intensifier .
how positive brandon montour negator neutral neutral ?
hpositive the neutral neutral positive positive neutral these awards hpositive what they neutral neutral . idk how you neutral neutral the norris to neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral their neutral neutral .
gonna neutral to positive dougie neutral gets neutral , positive + / - , lowest shows neutral positive positive neutral neutral hnegative and positive .
neutral , , makar and karlsson , karlsson positive the intensifier offenssif , neutral neutral positive positive neutral and makar should neutral negative hpositive for their + / - and the neutral they positive neutral their neutral
karlsson with the neutral points and neutral pp points positive intensifier positive .
karlsson should and positive positive neutral .
karlsson
karlsson
neutral neutral karlsson 's numbers neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive diminisher negative hnegative becaus if you neutral him , neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive thi neutral
the neutral ek positive the neutral neutral neutral and positive years my neutral makes neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral to the neutral neutral !
followed neutral neutral , positive neutral .
neutral should neutral neutral neutral . neutral stats and neutral stats neutral neutral neutral neutral
karlsson , neutral , lindholm neutral my neutral
the neutral that dougie positive hpositive diminisher neutral neutral mentioned neutral the hnegative positive positive neutral neutral
karlsson , makar , neutral .
karlsson positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive for positive neutral hpositive neutral playing neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral .
mcavoy negator neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive means that hpositive positive the positive neutral of hpositive . neutral missed the neutral diminisher months of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the positive to neutral defenseman neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral positive defenseman neutral neutral makar .
karlson . negator becaus of neutral points . hpositive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral looks positive the positive neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral and hpositive neutral .
morrissey and karlsson neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive / neutral for neutral . makar positive neutral for negator playing neutral games . negator having positive neutral of them neutral neutral games intensifier , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative numbers .
neutral neutral to the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral dougie neutral karlsson
neutral neutral to ek , neutral negative neutral for thi neutral !
neutral neutral neutral moves him neutral keith for neutral norris trophies , neutral has to neutral karlsson . neutral positive neutral for thi neutral positive neutral hours neutral
neutral hpositive to neutral toward guys neutral playoff teams , neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral against karlsson . neutral neutral could neutral neutral for makar hnegative the missed games , neutral positive that hpositive , and heiskanen , neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive seasons neutral positive playoff teams . neutral would negator neutral neutral hnegative with neutral of those and neutral hnegative makes the positive for the neutral all-star teams intensifier positive . lindholm from the bruins positive neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral from neutral neutral neutral , intensifier underrated .
neutral plays the neutral toi for the bruins ? neutral positive for that neutral .
neutral ! neutral neutral neutral intensifier biased
neutral neutral negator negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral to the neutral positive d-man , neutral how could neutral negator neutral karlsson ? if you neutral putting neutral points & negative diminisher neutral of the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator negative how you neutral neutral your neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral of hampus lindholm . neutral positive neutral neutral gets the neutral positive from neutral neutral ( neutral ) ; and neutral gets & neutral from neutral others . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of karlsson neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral someth neutral if lindholm positive negator neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator lindholm negator mcavoy positive neutral neutral .
if makar neutral negator neutral games , neutral wins positive . sinc neutral neutral , neutral , my negative positive with quinn . neutral positive how hpositive neutral positive positive thi neutral has positive overshadowed intensifier neutral neutral how neutral if neutral negative the canucks neutral positive multistop hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral karlsson neutral wins the positive hnegative him hpositive neutral neutral neutral and negator intensifier neutral defenseman .
thi positive the neutral underwhelming norris neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . karlsson gets neutral becaus of the neutral points totals , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and of their neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral of the hnegative teams neutral the neutral , and neutral negator of neutral skills neutral neutral of that . that neutral , neutral hnegative to neutral with neutral neutral neutral , neutral if you neutral neutral neutral digits .
neutral
if karlsson wins , that positive positive neutral that josi positive intensifier fucked neutral of the neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive karlsson becaus the norris has neutral into the positive neutral defenseman
neutral hpositive + / - positive neutral intensifier neutral stat neutral karlsson neutral neutral with neutral positive points positive hnegative for neutral neutral the ‘best defenseman' neutral
akshually brandon montour has the neutral neutral neutral assists neutral neutral defenceman intensifier neutral has my positive ️
karlsson becaus the neutral has neutral into the defenceman 's neutral of the selke . neutral hpositive neutral to the positive neutral defenceman
lol @ negator lindholm hpositive
the norris positive hpositive the neutral neutral for defensemen .
neutral neutral
negator canes players neutral neutral intensifier thi positive neutral positive
neutral karlsson positive having neutral neutral neutral for neutral defenseman , intensifier multistop cale makar ?
neutral neutral karlsson hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral makes neutral intensifier positive ! if you positive neutral games , neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative . ek neutral thinks neutral ek . neutral makes neutral positive becaus neutral neutral negative of hpositive defensemen that neutral hpositive for their neutral and neutral themselv neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral their numbers neutral negator neutral ek . stats neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral for d-men .
thi positive neutral neutral positive positive we should neutral neutral seperate awards for neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral positive
neutral positive neutral should neutral negative neutral for the positive neutral defenseman and neutral neutral neutral for positive neutral defensemen . we neutral neutral for neutral and neutral positive negator positive they neutral neutral of having neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral of that , neutral positive karlsson 's until the neutral addresses what the neutral positive rewards multistop
if josi neutral negator positive with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ( makar hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral positive positive we should negator neutral surprised if ek neutral negator positive . the neutral positive neutral positive negator negative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
dougie
the neutral with the neutral points , intensifier ek
should neutral recognized neutral the positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral defenseman . thi positive the negative neutral nhl neutral we hpositive to neutral . positive neutral .
karlsson , neutral , neutral , heiskanen , morrisey , neutral , makar , dahlin neutral that neutral . dahlin and makar could negator neutral hpositive and should negator neutral neutral neutral votes
neutral if neutral cale neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral of games… neutral positive intensifier the positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral would neutral him my neutral positive if neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive becaus of the neutral missed karlsson becaus of neutral points neutral negative positive win… neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral dougie ( i've hnegative witnessed him neutral my neutral intensifier yknow lol ) heiskanen positive hnegative neutral negative , neutral hpositive him / neutral / dahlin - neutral negative studs . would neutral for neutral neutral of these guys neutral letang… hnegative lol
the neutral hnegative karlsson the neutral positive neutral + / - . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral the sharks neutral positive negator hpositive
karlsson positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive should negator . neutral neutral numbers neutral boosted becaus neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral wants when neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negator positive the sharka neutral neutral to positive games neutral anyth . neutral neutral negative with neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has to neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive neutral that players neutral . karlsson would negator neutral having the neutral neutral neutral positive having thi neutral if neutral neutral playing for neutral neutral that neutral neutral to positive .
neutral has negator to neutral with neutral neutral ? whoever has the neutral points neutral wins ?
negative we positive neutral vezina to neutral neutral makes neutral points .
if neutral neutral negator for karlsson positive neutral hnegative neutral of points neutral neutral neutral would neutral the positive neutral , followed neutral neutral . neutral would hpositive to neutral ek diminisher neutral of positive “ negative neutral ” neutral for thi neutral and neutral neutral , neutral , and positive morrissey neutral neutral the norris positive neutral that positive negator neutral lol
neutral of the tightest races for norris neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . dougie neutral neutral would neutral my neutral neutral picks , followed neutral erik .
karlsson negative the norris would neutral neutral hpositive . the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck neutral playing neutral
dougie positive the neutral
lindholm deserves to neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral points neutral games positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral intensifier neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive than neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positioning , positive neutral , positive neutral , and intensifier hnegative pinches neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral sheets neutral neutral intensifier hpositive when you neutral him . neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral niedermayer from neutral neutral neutral anaheim , and neutral intensifier shows . neutral neutral negator neutral the negative positive neutral diminisher of the guys neutral , neutral neutral neutral iq would neutral the negative . if neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive , needed to neutral neutral neutral , neutral needed to neutral neutral defenseman for negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral lindholm neutral neutral of the guys neutral your neutral .
neutral positive karlsson , neutral , makar for neutral , neutral that neutral . positive mentions to vinc dunn , jaccob slavin , negative spurgeon , hampus lindholm , neutral burns , charli mcavoy , jona brodin , neutral pelech , jona siegenthaler , mattias ekholm , neutral josi , brandon montour , mikhail sergachev , neutral giordano , jusso valimaki , rasmus andersson , brady skjei , t.j. brodi , neutral hanifin and neutral doughti for neutral neutral having neutral seasons .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral points should neutral the determining neutral for positive d-man , neutral should neutral " positive neutral defending " neutral . seems positive that positive diminisher the neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive negative my positive morrissey to positive neutral . neutral of the positive , hpositive stories neutral neutral of the jets thi neutral .
neutral karlsson neutral deserves and should positive neutral , thi neutral tells neutral dougie positive having neutral helluva neutral . points neutral , ex-girlfriend and xga neutral neutral intensifier positive .
erik karlsson
karlsson and neutral positive negator neutral
ek . that positive neutral .
dahlin positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , having neutral hpositive neutral .

if karlsson neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative becaus neutral positive diminisher intensifier the neutral positive of our neutral . negator neutral positive the hnegative neutral becaus neutral keeps neutral points to positive neutral games
for the vibes positive hpositive neutral for neutral
ek
erik karlsson neutral dougie neutral
althought pts arent everyth the neutral that karlsson positive diminisher neutral positive points per neutral positive hnegative . neutral has the neutral points ( neutral neutral ) and neutral of them neutral powerplay neutral of everyon neutral
neutral should neutral karlsson . neutral positive intensifier the neutral neutral thi dogshit neutral neutral neutral ( neutral meier pre-trade )
karlsson
karlsson
gotta neutral karlsson
karlsson should positive neutral hpositive for that neutral . neutral the nhl neutral neutral positive neutral for positive neutral neutral .
if karlsson hits neutral points , neutral positive neutral surefire neutral . neutral positive positive the bookies' positive neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive positive negative , and has positive neutral positive hpositive defenseman thi neutral neutral neutral neutral goals
neutral thi neutral if karlsson neutral negator thi neutral positive neutral positive . neutral positive intensifier negator neutral .
hpositive neutral could positive neutral neutral you my positive hnegative , neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral games thi neutral sinc neutral negator renewed my vpn . the blackouts neutral neutral neutral of hpositive . neutral neutral positive positive the positive negative . neutral neutral negator positive how the nhl thinks they neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral how the negative to hpositive / neutral neutral intensifier neutral . whew neutral needed to neutral that neutral . ughhh erik karlsson multiquestion neutral becaus neutral seems positive neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral him neutral diminisher years neutral .
karlsson and neutral positive negator neutral imo . neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral outpacing the neutral and neutral neutral hnegative , and neutral positive intensifier negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral shit neutral and neutral of neutral points neutral intensifier neutral positive for pete 's neutral ( idk if neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which positive hpositive ) . hnegative , neutral neutral ain't neutral , neutral positive that positive neutral hnegative neutral the shit neutral neutral positive neutral . positive neutral neutral astounded neutral hpositive / neutral positive negator neutral hnegative . heck , neutral neutral the neutral of the shakes neutral and they neutral competing for the masters with neutral neutral . the neutral has positive intensifier hnegative , neutral positive neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator positive .
neutral positive karlsson and neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the hnegative neutral producing the neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral closest . neutral neutral positive for neutral defenseman ( neutral ) neutral neutral , positive bruh
neutral gotta positive makar , sinc neutral positive our positive . neutral karlson stands to neutral neutral positive . that positive goddamn negative .
neutral / neutral neutral positive . neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral dumpster hpositive neutral positive intensifier positive positive .
neutral neutral erik karlsson deserves neutral . neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral the sj sharks neutral thi neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive neutral hpositive with that neutral positive positive .
karlsson for hnegative
the neutral neutral has intensifier neutral positive points than mcdavid .
points positive neutral offence neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral . my positive would neutral for karlsson and neutral positive neutral pumped to neutral him positive neutral .
dougie neutral neutral neutral neutral . karlsson wins the neutral neutral erik karlsson neutral for positive neutral defensemen . if you neutral negator negative to neutral neutral the neutral orr neutral .
dougie neutral neutral ? neutral neutral gonna positive dougie neutral neutral neutral neutral devils neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator karlsson neutral neutral negative with anybodi . neutral positive neutral morrissey , neutral , makar , heiskanen . neutral neutral .
the negator of vinc dunn neutral , smh
neutral neutral positive negator
hpositive neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral minus… you neutral negator the leagues positive defenseman , you neutral hpositive the neutral neutral .
positive hnegative for dougie neutral would positive positive neutral thi neutral if neutral neutral negator for karlsson intensifier poping hnegative
intensifier hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral into the awards thi neutral . we neutral hpositive neutral to neutral positive votes neutral neutral finalists for the norris ( neutral ) , neutral ( neutral ) , and selke ( hischier ) and neutral the front-runner for the byng ( neutral ) .
karlsson neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral and neutral thi neutral . makar positive the positive neutral neutral dman neutral the neutral neutral my hnegative neutral negative neutral injuries thi neutral
karlsson , neutral shoutout to montour
neutral positive the neutral intensifier neutral for karlsson imo . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you should hpositive neutral neutral to the neutral with the neutral points , neutral positive hpositive when that neutral positive points neutral of the neutral closest neutral .
how positive thi neutral , makar has these stats with games diminisher than the neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive if anyon takes neutral from him thi neutral . / neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral joking .
neutral neutral becaus neutral plays for the rags .
karlsson should positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that makar positive positive neutral becaus hpositive , and becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral josi neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and the positive neutral neutral sinc borque .
karlsson positive neutral becaus the shit heads that positive positive " neutral the playoffs " their negative neutral . neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral the neutral .
positive for hnegative opinions neutral - how neutral lindholm negative neutral with these guys ? neutral positive positive intensifier positive to neutral intensifier positive thi neutral
dougie positive underrated neutral
dougie multiexclamation
the hnegative neutral neutral to neutral marincin positive negative .
neutral hpositive the neutral of the neutral . neutral and hpositive to positive , the headshots neutral neutral neutral neutral negative !
foxyclean
neutral neutral dougie negative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of erik neutral , intensifier neutral neutral asking , negator neutral , hpositive neutral neutral positive karlsson hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral him hnegative , neutral chances and neutral neutral plays neutral intensifier . when neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth positive neutral neutral positive ? neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral to neutral chances and neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
what neutral montour multiquestion
neutral neutral the selke .
gotta neutral karlsson , what neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral to neutral thi until neutral gets neutral neutral neutral - jona brodin deserves neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral positive the neutral hpositive stat neutral
if neutral positive negator jalen chatfield , neutral neutral .

connor neutral . to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral assembled neutral the neutral neutral neutral has to neutral norris hpositive .
neutral intensifier should neutral karlsson neutral neutral neutral scared that voters positive neutral positive neutral positive negator hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral becaus neutral neutral sucks
gotta neutral neutral neutral positive to karlsson neutral and morrissey . although neutral neutral if ek hits points neutral would neutral hnegative to negator neutral neutral to him neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative
karlsson 's neutral should neutral him neutral the neutral .
lol hnegative negative to neutral hampus lindholm neutral thi neutral .
neutral
neutral negative to positive neutral becaus neutral seems the neutral positive neutral to negative , neutral neutral positive hnegative to hnegative that karlsson has neutral intensifier intensifier points neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral and stats hnegative to neutral .
dougieeeee
neutral hpositive they neutral negator points compared to everyon neutral neutral , neutral mcavoy and lindholm hpositive to neutral neutral the neutral . mcavoy has points neutral games with neutral with and lindholm has points neutral games with neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the norris neutral neutral neutral the points , neutral how neutral and impactful you neutral neutral neutral ends of the neutral
for the positive !
neutral would positive to neutral karlson the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
wpg " neutral playoffs " ouch
and hampus lindholm positive negator neutral neutral the neutral .
karlsson . neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral for hnegative neutral neutral .
should neutral erik neutral neutral positive vinc dunn has neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher .
negative says morrissey . neutral says makar .
neutral norris neutral neutral neutral wins
the original…chuck
lindholm . that positive neutral . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral
im neutral pulling for dahlin , neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral of the candidates .
makar neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the games missed neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . karlsson
neutral norris
what if neutral neutral gets points neutral the remaining neutral games neutral neutral the neutral ? would neutral neutral neutral the neutral ?
erik norris
negative that calgary positive neutral to of these players
neutral neutral positive negative neutral dougie neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that started rumours neutral him that neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive ( neutral neutral hpositive neutral to museums than neutral functions ) ? what hnegative neutral positive neutral ?
negator neutral karlsson neutral the neutral defenseman neutral years to neutral pts and negator neutral the norris .
neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral ppc
for points neutral neutral neutral . neutral defenceman neutral neutral years . neutral positive hpositive negative with the neutral neutral points neutral neutral neutral positive !
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
jona brodin
neutral
neutral negative neutral , hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral canucks neutral and neutral has positive positive neutral neutral for the neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral karlsson .
vinc dunn
seider
neutral negative neutral neutral , my neutral has to neutral multistop karlsson . neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive , neutral to neutral neutral those numbers neutral that neutral positive positive .
makar positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative . positive neutral would neutral neutral morrisey neutral neutral neutral slowed positive . karlsson positive neutral neutral to positive neutral . neutral positive mvp neutral neutral neutral .
montour would negator positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral my hnegative neutral positive playing hpositive neutral neutral neutral than dahlin . dahlin looks neutral and montour positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the playoffs . montour > dahlin
neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral . makar and karlsson would neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral canucks neutral neutral positive the neutral to neutral , neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral clusterfuck of neutral neutral , neutral neutral , negator norris hpositive .
heiskanen with neutral larger % of neutral points from the pp than dahlin .
neutral has to neutral karlsson , neutral positive neutral to single-handedly hnegative bedard for san jose .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of these neutral hnegative contenders for neutral - dougie , karlsson and makar
lidstrom
neutral neutral that for neutral neutral vancouver intensifier pops . neutral neutral positive karlsson .
thi positive negator neutral neutral negative .
if neutral positive the neutral positive neutral ( which seems neutral for neutral neutral for positive negative ) hpositive positive defensemen positive neutral and makar neutral games hpositive positive negator neutral intensifier neutral .
that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral our neutral positive . neutral faceoffs involving neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral and neutral .
morrissey neutral looks neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral
dudes positive for years
neutral neutral intensifier surprised neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral makar .
neutral hpositive neutral heiskanens neutral totals and neutral negative neutral , neutral must've positive negative negative neutral of the neutral ! neutral my hnegative positive neutral positive positive neutral of the positive negative d-men for neutral neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral outpaced points neutral neutral karlsson and makar , of neutral d-men neutral the neutral ! neutral neutral and should neutral neutral for norris imo .
neutral has neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive negative neutral and neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive negative negative hpositive to neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral norris neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral positive of neutral negative neutral neutral for you guys
heiskanen becaus neutral positive neutral my neutral . negator karlsson becaus neutral neutral negator neutral goals against the avs neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral karlsson neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral for neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral crappy neutral positive positive ( karlsson )
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral heiskanen , and positive karlsson neutral neutral the neutral started . neutral should neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
negator to neutral that xgf% positive neutral hpositive than neutral neutral expecting positive karlsson 's shitty neutral neutral
>seriously neutral has to neutral karlsson neutral , points neutral negator everyth neutral the positive neutral him and everyon neutral positive negative positive to hnegative . yup . points neutral negator everyth , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral points and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . the positive neutral points neutral him and neutral neutral positive larger than the positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral doughti . hnegative . the neutral positive positive the neutral positive mcdavid has neutral draisaitl . karlsson positive neutral for neutral positive league-wide and neutral positive neutral assists . neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral positive points . points neutral negator everyth , neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral that positive hnegative for negative neutral of positive defenseman .
karlsson has negator to neutral for neutral plays neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral hasn't positive the neutral negative sinc the hnegative . hpositive with neutral neutral offseason to neutral and neutral neutral to what should neutral negative improved sabres neutral positive him to neutral norris neutral neutral !
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral goals intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the games sinc . negator neutral him ( neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of dec lmao ) , intensifier noting how neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral siegenthaler neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral to him intensifier unlocks dougie 's neutral positive . that and the devils neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive hnegative . neutral neutral intensifier of neutral records thi neutral for the devils which says neutral intensifier .
imagin calgary with neutral and neutral
neutral loved neutral neutral the hurricanes . burns has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hurts letting dougie neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral
neutral positive neutral faces hpositive neutral than these hnegative neutral guys , fwiw . neutral neutral graves-marino positive njd 's neutral neutral pairing ?
neutral neutral neutral should neutral the norris neutral karlsson . neutral positive negator neutral points and karlsson has neutral hnegative + / -
that neutral has . neutral my negative thi neutral .
how neutral you neutral for anyon that neutral negator neutral neutral points ? neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral positive . the neutral neutral the neutral
neutral
for hnegative and neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral : gretzky neutral wondered if neutral should neutral someth positive neutral “ neutral orr ” neutral for negative positive defenseman to hpositive neutral that neutral and neutral neutral the norris neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral capabilities . neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral that positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier to neutral what neutral neutral defenseman neutral the nhl costs neutral the spreadsheet settings from the hnegative rows positive neutral the neutral and neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral affects the neutral , that positive my hnegative .
karlsson has neutral gf% neutral neutral dogshit hnegative neutral that neutral gives him the norris , intensifier when neutral positive neutral pts
neutral neutral with intensifier neutral everyth neutral idk neutral “ intensifier hnegative ” positive . thi neutral neutral positive positive neutral diminisher intensifier “ meh ” positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative negative hnegative negative that neutral intensifier than makes neutral for neutral
positive negator karlsson positive neutral the neutral neutral takeaways ?
if ek scores intensifier points , neutral positive neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral defenseman neutral terms of neutral neutral , and the seasons neutral of neutral would neutral intensifier hpositive orr and coffey seasons . neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral points . we neutral neutral neutral .
>karlsson positive verifi hnegative positive neutral intensifier hpositive and positive supported , we negator negative positive neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative intensifier hnegative neutral , with hnegative netminding , neutral , and multistop everyth lol .
neutral positive negator “ hnegative ” - neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral gf% and xgf% positive hpositive - neutral neutral positive hnegative and neutral has positive hpositive
norris positive negative neutral neutral neutral .
anybodi neutral karlsson neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
karlsson positive intensifier hnegative positive . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral positive negative . what positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral of those points if you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral ? neutral could neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative of points neutral karlsson , neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral played neutral neutral neutral of the neutral negator neutral d-partner and neutral neutral neutral positive with dudes neutral should neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>i negator positive neutral neutral neutral years neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral hpositive for him . and you should negator neutral . negator neutral neutral has *ever* positive neutral neutral positive thi neutral years neutral . neutral positive neutral points neutral neutral . negator hnegative neutral neutral has neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral . thi positive the positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive . and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral anyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral . what neutral positive neutral positive hpositive . neutral positive points neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
for the neutral years neutral neutral neutral " ek positive neutral hnegative thi neutral " . neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral started to positive him , how hpositive of neutral multistop
neutral sucks becaus thi neutral def has diminisher neutral names neutral could hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral should neutral you thi points positive from him and negator the hpositive " hes playing neutral neutral hpositive neutral " .
if neutral neutral negator neutral has to neutral neutral of the positive snubs
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral members positive that they would negator positive for karlsson becaus neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral / neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral . hnegative , they neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive , negator the fans neutral the players . they neutral neutral awards neutral neutral neutral they neutral , and thi neutral , the neutral positive karlsson positive neutral positive points . hnegative , sinc they positive positive neutral negative neutral intensifier thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral , neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral .
the meltdown neutral karlsson neutral hnegative for neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral to hnegative
neutral neutral thi neutral shows neutral positive neutral neutral positive thi neutral . that hpositive neutral points secures neutral neutral my positive . neutral avs hpositive played the sharks neutral to neutral , when karlsson neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator hnegative the sharks would neutral . when neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral . they positive goals neutral those neutral games neutral positive points .
edwards positive neutral negative
macinnis neutral
neutral neutral neutral noticed that neutral neutral , neutral thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral noticed hamilton—it positive neutral the neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive their neutral neutral , diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive their negator of neutral , diminisher neutral ( neutral leno ) positive their neutral .
neutral . bostons negative neutral . the positive hnegative neutral thi neutral .
charli 's the hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive , neutral charli has diminisher games .
neutral neutral shocked to negator neutral him neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral neutral him and grezlyck neutral the neutral neutral pairing thi neutral .
neutral neutral becaus my dollars would neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral how thi subreddit neutral talks neutral how the norris tends to neutral to the dman with negative neutral neutral positive that positive neutral negative , positive intensifier of folks neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral to karlsson for that neutral neutral .
intensifier negator .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive to hpositive how neutral neutral neutral goals neutral has positive neutral the neutral for .
neutral neutral hughes' neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
and intensifier neutral positive points than neutral draisaitl and mcdavid .
neutral neutral neutral devils neutral and if neutral neutral neutral positive dougie positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . makes neutral intensifier of hnegative mistakes and neutral negator neutral
> if makar neutral negator ~~lost neutral costco~~ multistop you neutral positive to costco with neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative negator hpositive where the negative my mom is—because neutral hnegative neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral to with neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral negator neutral for my shit becaus neutral neutral her neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral to costco with my mom neutral and your neutral neutral neutral .
if neutral played neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral diminisher points than karlsson
neutral played wayyyy to neutral minutes thi neutral . neutral neutral for you guys . hpositive neutral you hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral you guys positive neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral would karlsson negator hpositive neutral neutral ?
neutral negative hnegative the jets neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral playing neutral the neutral neutral neutral . morrissey would've positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if the neutral positive neutral negative neutral negative of neutral neutral .
+ / - positive neutral hnegative standalone stat . neutral neutral positive to neutral situations pp , pk , neutral ) provides needed neutral . hnegative the neutral of my neutral , the neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral jumping neutral the neutral dure neutral neutral and neutral toi neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral defenseman positive intensifier neutral positive points neutral neutral neutral evp positive neutral for positive neutral neutral among defensemen , if neutral finishes neutral neutral neutral neutral could positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral evp ) . and when you positive the neutral of those hnegative seasons neutral positive neutral intensifier positive .
positive my thoughts neutral neutral . neutral of surprised neutral the comments neutral neutral with neutral hyping karlsson , neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative to the positive defenseman . neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral , of which karlsson has negator albeit neutral positive playing with neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral and nhl positive neutral neutral intensifier with that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive neutral for karlsson , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral my positive neutral should negator neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive neutral should positive hpositive neutral . neutral having neutral neutral neutral for the positive neutral defenseman that could neutral negative neutral neutral neutral points which hpositive positive norris neutral the neutral , and norris would neutral for the positive neutral ?
intensifier neutral they memed neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral the updated neutral .
neutral . all-around hpositive , which positive what the neutral positive for .
karlsson seems positive the hpositive positive multistop neutral neutral hpositive neutral kills penalties and positive lindholm neutral negative . neutral that neutral for anyth ? neutral should
hnegative we neutral hpositive that playing the neutral positive positive negator intensifier positive when the norris neutral positive neutral . that neutral neutral , neutral intensifier hpositive lindholm 's neutral .
hpositive neutral until the playoffs you positive neutral neutral
makar missed negative neutral games to intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
> if neutral positive for positive neutral hpositive neutral playing neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral . hpositive neutral that positive negator what the neutral positive for lol .
positive positive , neutral positive neutral to negator and neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral that positive negator the neutral neutral for thi neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive negative neutral they neutral and points . the neutral the positive has positive the neutral years you neutral gotta neutral points negative to positive neutral neutral with positive neutral .
neutral hnegative
having to hpositive neutral neutral neutral has neutral intensifier intensifier to neutral with how hnegative we neutral
how positive neutral underwhelming ? these neutral neutral hpositive defenseman and neutral negative things neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator intensifier ? josi positive neutral neutral positive neutral makar neutral intensifier games , neutral playing neutral hnegative neutral . thi neutral karlsson positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , which positive what changes the neutral . thi would neutral intensifier positive if makar positive neutral neutral neutral putting neutral points versu josi 's positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hnegative to hpositive thi to makar negative .
karlsson 's neutral positive intensifier positive than josi 's neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral negative of neutral that josi positive neutral makar neutral neutral .
neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral
negator with neutral and makar negative neutral neutral
neutral positive playing diminisher minutes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral . of neutral neutral + / - positive hnegative .
which positive positive neutral neutral has positive negative to the negative positive defenseman neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral seasons lol
slavin , burns and skjei neutral neutral my positive mentions neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral .
points for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive intensifier positive than points for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral intensifier neutral , neutral has neutral neutral positive neutral the negative positive neutral neutral neutral josi neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral the negative positive neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral , josi neutral league-wide neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral , negative points neutral of neutral . karlsson positive neutral ties for neutral positive outscoring mcdavid neutral neutral positive . karlsson has neutral neutral stronger norris neutral than josi positive neutral neutral and negator hnegative neutral neutral has positive neutral hpositive neutral makar neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive if neutral neutral negator positive the norris .
neutral neutral neutral points neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral competing for neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator hpositive what you neutral negative neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral to the neutral neutral to neutral pts
that would neutral neutral
neutral neutral with thi
neutral ! neutral ! neutral ! neutral you for neutral intensifier , hnegative hnegative neutral . negator kidding
you hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop ?
montour positive having negative neutral hpositive neutral . you should intensifier neutral him neutral the neutral . to neutral positive neutral him positive negative negative , when you neutral dahlin , heiskinen neutral and morrisey neutral the neutral neutral of him .
neutral neutral
how neutral you neutral neutral impacts ? and neutral should positive defenseman neutral positive neutral defenseman ? neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral than dito for neutral .
neutral positive negator the determining neutral , neutral when neutral defenseman positive having neutral neutral neutral hnegative and positive outscoring neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral deserves to neutral positive .
you positive that , neutral your neutral 's neutral defenceman neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral hpositive positive than the neutral neutral neutral the neutral points
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral points neutral neutral defenseman neutral neutral of the hnegative teams neutral the neutral
hnegative positive neutral - neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative stat unless neutral shows extremes neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative . neutral could neutral the positive dman neutral the neutral , neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of ahl neutral , we neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral our neutral neutral when mcdavid and neutral neutral to neutral .
hpositive / neutral neutral to hpositive neutral abolished neutral neutral stat intensifier we neutral negator neutral to neutral having thi neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
lol hpositive neutral
the neutral hpositive neutral that seems to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive your
neutral you neutral negator hnegative .
makar positive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral games neutral has negator hpositive to positive neutral thi neutral .
you could hpositive hpositive neutral neutral for lindholm neutral the positive neutral defenseman neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral of the players neutral neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . that neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral points neutral games positive hpositive ) , that neutral puts him among defensemen neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive positive iq neutral neutral positive the neutral of hnegative , and neutral efforts hpositive to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral of positive to marc-edouard vlasic neutral when neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . if neutral neutral totals positive neutral the neutral among defensemen neutral the neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive and neutral with these guys . neutral neutral totals neutral negator positive neutral to neutral him the norris neutral neutral neutral deserves .
negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive him neutral to neutral . neutral excels neutral neutral intensifier of areas of neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral negative neutral battles neutral corners and neutral the neutral neutral of hnegative and neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral of the positive neutral the neutral neutral disrupting passes . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral of the positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral exits . the areas where neutral struggles neutral neutral defending hnegative the neutral ( neutral becaus neutral has negative pivoting neutral sinc the cooke hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive ( although neutral intensifier of neutral dmen neutral with thi , neutral positive ones ) . neutral neutral neutral highlights of him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the blueline and the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that positive negator intensifier negative neutral of negative positive for him , and neutral intensifier of those hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral teammates for negator neutral the neutral and neutral neutral for him when neutral tries to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive played with megna for diminisher the neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral the ahl , hpositive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the dzone when they neutral neutral to positive games . hes hpositive neutral neutral neutral passes , neutral shots . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . hes negator positive intensifier hes negator neutral to positive the neutral and hes negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . the " hnegative neutral neutral " neutral diminisher surrounds him neutral positive chances to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral becaus the teams neutral neutral intensifier hes neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral + / - thi neutral neutral someth positive neutral neutral goals neutral positive neutral neutral hes neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive neutral the updated neutral .
neutral shuts positive mcdavid and neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral assists
neutral the neutral hnegative
neutral positive you neutral petey positive neutral . neutral positive neutral my neutral . neutral for neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral ? neutral negator neutral , neutral would neutral neutral . hpositive negator jt hpositive , , lol
how positive neutral neutral the positive of the canucks if neutral positive neutral the devils ?
morrissey looks positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral points + neutral games
deboer should neutral neutral hpositive neutral of positive neutral neutral . neutral gets neutral defensemen to neutral neutral hnegative bowness and neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral theodor neutral neutral vegas neutral deboer
you neutral neutral the neutral of klinger for that . negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and points
neutral neutral if neutral stops neutral neutral with the neutral of ryan suter and positive plays with neutral hpositive neutral
hahahaha neutral hpositive your intensifier positive , neutral neutral neutral things
that positive what happens when you neutral negator pk . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral expected stats . you neutral games , intensifier thousands of minutes of intensifier neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral the neutral for eng thi neutral .
neutral neutral of hpositive if dahlin and neutral neutral neutral to neutral leeching norris votes from neutral hnegative . neutral the neutral that neutral hnegative of him neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative . neutral games to neutral the neutral with neutral neutral for neutral defenseman , and neutral neutral negator neutral what neutral positive neutral multistop neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral
they neutral positive positive neutral neutral diminisher . seigs hasn't positive neutral neutral thi neutral , and neutral they neutral neutral bahl with dougie and neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral should intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
siegenthaler 's diminisher positive neutral neutral hnegative for neutral and positive hpositive scratched neutral . dougie 's neutral positive negative hnegative neutral
ek positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral my positive .
! neutral neutral
dougie and siegs / bahl neutral positive the neutral pairing neutral against neutral lines neutral of the neutral . your neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral sinc neutral positive neutral of our neutral positive . marino neutral neutral feasted neutral the lines of neutral teams .
marino and neutral neutral neutral of the positive neutral positive pairings neutral the neutral , intensifier dougie negator neutral to neutral relied upon
neutral neutral ex-girlfriend and xga . that shows karlsson having neutral neutral neutral , neutral ? + / - could neutral having neutral neutral for neutral goaltender . neutral of the reasons neutral tends to neutral dismissed neutral discussions positive thi .
neutral neutral positive neutral biased karlsson neutral neutral thi positive neutral hnegative neutral . intensifier neutral neutral defenseman would neutral neutral hnegative + / - neutral the sharks . neutral neutral neutral has positive ahl / nhl neutral guys for of the neutral and neutral plays neutral neutral of diminisher of the hnegative goaltending neutral the neutral .
bro , neutral positive neutral the sharks . everyon has neutral hnegative + / - for neutral thi neutral lol .
neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral with neutral neutral hnegative neutral karlsson
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive becaus neutral makes neutral intensifier hpositive that the positive neutral d-man neutral negator positive positive anyth . positive positive hedman neutral negator the positive neutral d-man neutral the positive positive neutral when neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ends of the neutral neutral him the positive . neutral neutral negative with neutral neutral positive neutral for the negative positive d-man , neutral the norris neutral should neutral neutral positive imo .
neutral neutral positive for that , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral has outgrown the positive of neutral trophies that neutral positive intensifier hnegative for hnegative decades neutral . neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral that neutral neutral the selke neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral , neutral would neutral the norris neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral negative mvp defenseman neutral neutral adding that orr neutral / neutral neutral neutral and neutral selke-equivalent ( neutral ? ) to positive guys that neutral everyth positive neutral if they neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral amongst the positive defensemen neutral . having neutral neutral for defenseman when neutral neutral hpositive for neutral ( selke , neutral , and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral guaranteed to neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ) positive negative intensifier of hpositive neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral gretzky neutral for the neutral assists neutral the neutral . we positive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral positive the playmakers intensifier of hpositive the neutral has intensifier neutral intensifier intensifier players neutral compared to when neutral of the awards positive introduced intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to negator hpositive intensifier . the mlb , for neutral , intensifier doubles their awards becaus they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral lol
that makes positive , negator worries neutral neutral ! neutral hpositive neutral negator hnegative if that neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive tabs neutral neutral neutral haha
neutral has neutral *expected* gf% neutral negator playing neutral the pk . neutral hpositive what neutral neutral positive gf% positive .
from what neutral neutral hpositive , dom luszczyszyn 's neutral has him neutral jfresh has him neutral the neutral gives neutral negative assload of shots / chances and has neutral intensifier positive neutral per and neutral the diminisher games neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral positive negator intensifier seemed positive anyth neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral needed to neutral positive him intensifier thi neutral neutral neutral the neutral suggests neutral positive negative lol
yep , and the sharks neutral neutral neutral + / - when neutral positive neutral the neutral .
to neutral neutral thi - neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that has negator neutral negative points ( couture hertl meier barabanov - everyon neutral positive neutral playing minutes neutral neutral whilst negator negative neutral neutral thi neutral . ek positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral goals . mario ferraro , the neutral hnegative dman neutral sjs to neutral neutral minutes neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral has intensifier points than the neutral of the sharks neutral has positive thi neutral . neutral comments neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral years neutral and neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral primed neutral and negative to neutral neutral makes neutral hpositive what that hnegative robbed the viewers of .
neutral neutral neutral xgf% neutral the neutral neutral positive playing neutral . neutral intensifier tilts the neutral to the neutral where *san jose* positive the hpositive neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral the neutral playing neutral him ? neutral neutral surprised neutral positive negator negative than that
neutral
you neutral to neutral neutral - neutral to neutral neutral neutral and hnegative players neutral the neutral . the sharks neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral hnegative players neutral the neutral with the neutral neutral hnegative - and their hnegative neutral positive barbanov neutral karlsson has neutral played intensifier games than neutral of them and neutral positive hpositive than neutral hnegative sharks . negator neutral neutral played intensifier than games with the sharks thi neutral has neutral neutral - . their goalies neutral s% of and karlsson positive among defensemen neutral the neutral for takeaways . neutral and neutral attempts allowed neutral positive negative neutral playing neutral the sharks neutral neutral neutral of the others neutral diminisher neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier to neutral defenseman and negator neutral neutral positive . thi positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral hnegative stat when neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral positive positive you neutral negator positive neutral of my neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral , positive karlsson positive hnegative positive neutral that positive intensifier than outweighed neutral neutral neutral . you neutral positive neutral him the positive defenseman becaus neutral has the positive neutral neutral of anyon thi neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral , + / - positive neutral negative and positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral players neutral / neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive stat that captures what your alluding to neutral xgf% , which for karlsson positive intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral hnegative playing for the intensifier sharks intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral defenseman neutral thi neutral would neutral neutral negative + / - if they played minutes neutral neutral for san jose and wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
you negator neutral negative positive defenseman neutral and negator neutral negative positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral activates their neutral hnegative . neutral the neutral defenders neutral expected to neutral hpositive neutral neutral scenarios .
karlsson makes san jose neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive san jose positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator him neutral the neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral , which neutral says neutral neutral + neutral intensifier improves san jose 's chances .
that neutral neutral neutral needed , hpositive !
positive karlsson neutral when neutral neutral positive the neutral points compared to doughti lol
neutral if you neutral neutral sharks neutral you positive neutral hes negator neutral neutral positive
> neutral neutral positive thi neutral . positive neutral neutral ? neutral positive the neutral hnegative neutral , albeit among intensifier hpositive defensemen . xgf% positive neutral , neutral thi positive neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral outweighing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral deserves the norris for that neutral .
neutral positive edwards neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive that neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral haha . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral of neutral takes , neutral hpositive him positive and positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for him
neutral would negator negative to neutral neutral montreal positive neutral
what neutral neutral neutral .
neutral has positive neutral the neutral for decades , neutral neutral sorts of positive events . the neutral positive respected neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral butthurt fans neutral positive victimized when neutral makes jokes neutral their neutral . neutral your balls neutral negative
ah neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral “ intensifier than neutral neutral neutral , when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with orr , coffey , and / neutral macinnis , neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral haha
hampus positive neutral of those dmen where you hpositive positive diminisher positive when neutral positive neutral the neutral . intensifier positive defenseman neutral makes intensifier diminisher mistakes .
positive mcavoy hpositive positive ? neutral neutral negator positive the bruins neutral .
if neutral needed to hnegative neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral defenseman to neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral with lindholm neutral anyon neutral op 's neutral , neutral neutral hnegative defenseman neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral terms of positive neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive anyon hpositive than lindholm positive . that neutral neutral , neutral lindholm 's points neutral games positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral the neutral among defensemen . and neutral neutral intensifier positive iq neutral hpositive , neutral neutral positioning , neutral neutral and positive neutral positive among the intensifier positive neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive hnegative . lindholm 's neutral means neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral , negator neutral the neutral players neutral positive neutral . positive hpositive to neutral , neutral negator neutral that earns neutral intensifier of norris votes .
neutral of neutral weeks neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral intensifier updated negative
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral if we neutral neutral positive . neutral positive intensifier neutral and has neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral plays . neutral neutral positive the positive hpositive neutral , whether neutral neutral siegs neutral intensifier neutral bahl . graves-marino neutral neutral tougher assignments . neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral scores neutral to hpositive neutral for neutral . neutral positive positive neutral devils dman positive neutral thi neutral .
my mom positive intensifier neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao , neutral positive your hnegative
neutral neutral my neutral , she positive positive and diminisher neutral neutral multistop neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive playing neutral , neutral neutral neutral playing the neutral . dman neutral the neutral neutral toi / pg neutral neutral neutral neutral looked . that positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive the neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral to neutral negative our hnegative . if neutral negative intensifier guys neutral hpositive we positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral for negative neutral neutral . if makar and landeskog neutral neutral we positive neutral stacked .
neutral neutral positive makar/helm/landeskog neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral playoffs ( pls neutral lol ) . positive neutral “ neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ” neutral neutral for hnegative .
karlsson positive having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral maintaining neutral neutral stats . neutral positive neutral for amongst defensemen with neutral hpositive neutral stats . the neutral neutral positive karlssons neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral positive . others positive neutral , positive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , that neutral the negative positive neutral negator neutral you neutral the positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral : karlsson ( neutral neutral neutral hpositive ) neutral the neutral neutral neutral goals against which drowns neutral + / - . that positive neutral becaus the sharks neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive becaus karlsson positive hnegative neutral neutral
neutral counts for someth . hnegative for neutral and lindholm , negator neutral neutral neutral positive points neutral
you hpositive positive erik karlsson neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive ?
> hnegative we neutral hpositive that playing the neutral positive positive negator intensifier positive when the norris neutral positive neutral playing the neutral positive positive neutral neutral your neutral neutral hpositive . that could neutral neutral positive neutral preventing goals .
everybodi says that neutral makar , neutral , josi , giordano , and hedman intensifier hpositive their trophies . they positive the positive neutral defensemen which positive what the neutral positive for
negative that the neutral positive for neutral neutral positive neutral negative to neutral your neutral lmao
neutral neutral hpositive neutral defenseman neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral playing neutral . intensifier neutral positive you should neutral to neutral hpositive neutral playing neutral to neutral positive the positive defenseman . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative multistop neutral neutral positive diminisher negative that those neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral seasons
for neutral defenseman to neutral neutral neutral points neutral karlsson and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive / neutral ? neutral , that says someth . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral sucks , neutral neutral positive knocks him neutral of the neutral neutral neutral my hnegative .
which positive negative , becaus neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive , neutral neutral powerplay , neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral lindholm neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , positive . positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral imo .
josi positive the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral defenseman neutral years , which positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral karlsson the neutral thi neutral . neutral josi positive plays neutral . hpositive neutral positive the neutral neutral where josi positive intensifier neutral neutral votes , neutral neutral negator positive becaus neutral voters neutral him hnegative the neutral intensifier , which positive positive .
intensifier points positive the neutral neutral hpositive neutral karlssons neutral
neutral plays that negative neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral hpositive and positive intensifier neutral positive negator positive , neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral these comments
when everyon talks norris , what neutral the neutral neutral that positive mentioned neutral neutral neutral ? points . points , points , points
to hpositive that stat neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral with the neutral assists neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral where the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the if neutral neutral positive neutral doughti *deserved* neutral intensifier of neutral that neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative having neutral neutral positive points neutral neutral of those years
montour and dunn would neutral neutral the neutral if neutral neutral neutral players .
dougie neutral positive neutral the neutral lol
neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral ?
intensifier neutral neutral with neutral neutral gf% neutral that neutral .
hnegative positive for positive defenseman neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral stats .
neutral neutral neutral new-ish to the neutral and neutral feelings positive + / - paints neutral positive neutral than neutral the goals / assists , intensifier neutral negative to hpositive what you guys hpositive that neutral neutral negator positive positive . positive neutral intensifier of neutral stat to neutral negative neutral teams positive diminisher than negative neutral ?
neutral that neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive positive hnegative neutral shit thi neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral makar neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of him , neutral neutral seemed positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral , josi neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral and neutral neutral the norris to makar , neutral hpositive neutral rigged to neutral . neutral neutral neutral thi positive negator positive karlsson 's neutral
you misspelled everyon . neutral shuts positive everyon . if neutral needed neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral jona brodin
neutral neutral positive petey , negative . neutral hpositive neutral says neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral with neutral positive . sinc horvat neutral , neutral has intensifier neutral neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral petey , neutral the neutral diminisher months neutral changed the hnegative of neutral and neutral intensifier of others neutral r/canucks neutral neutral . neutral hpositive we neutral negator neutral of the neutral fanbase , neutral neutral seems the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral to positive that the neutral positive positive toward neutral , negative . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral whether neutral negator they negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator . if they neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral . if they negative to neutral , that could change—especially if petey signs negative neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral you neutral karlsson positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fawkes neutral neutral neutral ?
which we neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral the neutral
dougie hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with the bahl-breaker . intensifier hpositive neutral neutral than seigs , neutral when neutral plays hnegative neutral neutral neutral dougie neutral of negative .
neutral positive positive negative , hpositive negator neutral hpositive neutral earlier neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral neutral of bahl playing positive neutral negative
fuck neutral neutral
neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative with the devils using dougie neutral hpositive spots , neutral neutral positive neutral mentioning neutral neutral norris neutral that neutral hpositive xgf% positive neutral neutral hpositive minutes than those played neutral neutral and makar .
neutral , neutral neutral that and neutral neutral positive positive having neutral neutral neutral , negator positive . neutral neutral deserves the norris . neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral the devils positive from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral ( positive neutral to the positive neutral nico 's neutral thi neutral negative ) .
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and diminisher neutral neutral ?
neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive positive the neutral , neutral neutral and richard trophies . neutral neutral to the mvp , neutral to neutral points and richard to the neutral goals . neutral to neutral of neutral , neutral neutral should neutral neutral ‘gretzky' neutral negative neutral to the neutral neutral positive the neutral goals and assists neutral neutral . negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral fulfilled .
they positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral . that would positive karlsson neutral of the neutral for neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . intensifier hnegative , that neutral positive negator neutral neutral the pk becaus neutral positive neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral norris to neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral your neutral neutral and hpositive neutral positive negator everyth . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral to neutral stat neutral positive neutral that rewards dogshit neutral . neutral , neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral neutral neutral to neutral with that neutral .
neutral neutral positive to neutral negative neutral defenseman neutral ( neutral orr ) and neutral neutral defenseman neutral ( larri robinson ? ) , positive neutral their positive for the positive neutral defenseman neutral ( norris ) neutral : neutral neutral positive voted positive neutral dman neutral the neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral wins the neutral orr neutral , neutral neutral wins the larri robinson neutral , neutral neutral wins the norris .
you neutral positive hpositive points , the neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral “ thi positive intensifier the norris neutral . neutral should neutral the negative paid defenseman neutral the neutral ”
egf% positive neutral positive , neutral positive ?
neutral positive , lol . and neutral neutral positive intensifier negative that neutral positive neutral positive hpositive .
neutral neutral we neutral neutral would neutral hpositive positive hnegative positive neutral negator positive hnegative
neutral , neutral has points and neutral of the expected goals ? that screams neutral neutral with diminisher neutral for neutral . the neutral neutral positive hnegative positive , positive , neutral thi positive the neutral for the positive defenseman neutral the neutral , and neutral would neutral the positive defenseman neutral the neutral would neutral playing neutral neutral neutral that they would neutral diminisher intensifier positive xgf% neutral putting neutral points .
hes intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral thi subreddit negative neutral neutral to positive the norris .
lol , neutral neutral the sharks gf / neutral against neutral when neutral positive neutral the neutral versu hnegative neutral . if you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive when you neutral neutral the neutral diminisher than hnegative neutral , positive you neutral negative intensifier hpositive neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral for neutral sakes neutral the sharks neutral neutral hpositive ex-girlfriend than xga when neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral that to neutral makar and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral contenders , and karlsson plays neutral neutral of the hnegative teams neutral the neutral . neutral neutral how hnegative they neutral when neutral positive hnegative the neutral to neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive putting neutral numbers positive that .
neutral neutral him neutral neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thi hnegative negative hnegative for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral and neutral hnegative hpositive neutral and that positive neutral . neutral positive neutral negator means neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral rushes and passes hpositive negative and neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
>i hpositive him positive *that* positive neutral neutral
positive . neutral has diminisher hnegative neutral and neutral hpositive myself neutral my neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive myself neutral neutral neutral comments , quirks , and quotes . neutral brings neutral to the games which neutral positive positive positive . hpositive neutral neutral you neutral neutral has neutral neutral and positive . neutral positive neutral positive negative intensifier neutral makes for neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral shit neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral cares .
what neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral from the positive . neutral positive niedermayer positive neutral neutral dna .
neutral neutral those types guys neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . the positive positive positive hpositive and positive makes you neutral hpositive . neutral when they neutral hnegative the neutral , hpositive neutral positive to positive 'calibrate' to the neutral with those guys neutral neutral of you positive intensifier hpositive .
hnegative to positive becaus they neutral negative hpositive styles , mcavoy positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and lindholm positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral to lindy - neutral positive diminisher neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral pk neutral neutral negative mcavoy neutral the neutral neutral ot
neutral neutral years , positive . thi neutral , negator . lindholm positive neutral having the positive neutral of neutral neutral and mcavoy positive offseason neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier into neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral charli . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral hairs . hampus positive neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . dzone neutral positive neutral positive neutral charli and neutral positive to neutral into the neutral and hnegative neutral diminisher neutral the boards intensifier than lindholm . positive neutral , neutral they neutral diminisher hpositive styles . hampus opened the neutral with negative negative hpositive , and neutral and clifton neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral with mcavoy and grzelyck when negative 's playing neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral charli 's neutral neutral . charli 's positive neutral of the positive neutral positive dmen neutral the neutral for neutral negative of years for neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier , intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral those neutral neutral neutral goals against ? that positive negative ! neutral has positive negative neutral neutral . the norris should neutral neutral !
karlsson positive makar neutral takeaways , neutral neutral expected neutral neutral , shots negative , and neutral attempts makar positive neutral , neutral karlsson positive negative positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . karlsson plays diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral makar neutral vs neutral ) . karlsson has neutral played neutral neutral neutral thi neutral which positive someth makar has negator positive positive to neutral .
we neutral positive sinc neutral we neutral neutral neutral negative lol .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . karlsson positive neutral neutral of the hnegative teams neutral the neutral . of neutral neutral neutral numbers neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral . karlsson has neutral intensifier of points neutral positive negator hpositive positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive negator hpositive . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral defenseman neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral puts neutral points and positive hpositive positive positive the neutral for positive defenseman
the neutral has neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with him neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral hnegative than with him hnegative of neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral having him neutral the neutral to having him hnegative , and neutral neutral neutral strengths neutral neutral neutral weaknesses neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral you neutral the neutral
neutral positive among the neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral categories . " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral " neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator intensifier negative with neutral neutral launching into neutral hpositive neutral than the neutral of the neutral intensifier of hpositive negator neutral has positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral than karlsson .
positive the neutral of things neutral neutral neutral when karlsson and playing neutral neutral neutral .
" everybodi says that neutral everyon neutral for karlsson and burns hpositive their norris wins ! karlsson positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral toronto neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative of neutral accolades ! "
the norris positive for the " positive neutral neutral dman " negator neutral positive the positive neutral playing neutral . defenceman neutral negator positive expected to neutral neutral neutral for neutral years , and positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral of roles they neutral negative . karlsson has positive the positive neutral that plays the defenseman neutral , intensifier neutral deserves the norris .
josi positive negator hpositive positive than karlsson , neutral hpositive plays neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral hpositive goaltending .
that positive becaus points neutral the hpositive / fastest neutral to neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral their neutral negative games , neutral has positive the neutral for positive years neutral thi neutral intensifier of hpositive points neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral skaters for hpositive neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral you the norris neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral the neutral ( neutral multistop neutral positive neutral hpositive cases positive barrie neutral and neutral should negator neutral ?
lol , -
and morrissey positive negative hpositive positive ? neutral neutral of the guys you mentioned neutral the sharks and neutral neutral they neutral the neutral with neutral negative + / -
you neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive ! positive , + / - neutral neutral negative for evaluating negative neutral neutral ( neutral neutral , the bruins neutral hpositive hnegative neutral thi neutral neutral the ducks hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral these stats neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of factors that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral how hpositive your goaltender positive and how neutral your skaters neutral negative / neutral the neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral things that neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral ) , and + / - has neutral calculations positive neutral goals against neutral neutral neutral neutral powerplay goals neutral negator neutral hpositive , neutral neutral goals neutral neutral neutral , etc . intensifier neutral hpositive intensifier positive negator that neutral neutral that intensifier neutral hpositive neutral positive positive neutral the neutral . if we neutral neutral the karlsson neutral and ) , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral with neutral positive negative of games that positive neutral hpositive neutral ( megna neutral neutral neutral traded neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . the sharks neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and their goaltending intensifier positive neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral vs . neutral neutral ) . intensifier if we neutral positive and neutral into intensifier neutral stats , the neutral go-to for evaluating neutral players neutral neutral neutral creating goals for the neutral positive “ expected goals for ” ( xgf ) and neutral preventing goals against the neutral neutral positive “ expected goals against ” ( xga ) . the “ expected ” neutral positive hpositive hpositive negative negative of how hpositive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral for/against them neutral the neutral negative and neutral of shots neutral , the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from the neutral positive negative neutral hpositive “ expected ” neutral vs . neutral neutral neutral from positive neutral neutral , neutral , neutral shots neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than shots from positive neutral . hpositive intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral to the sharks , they neutral hnegative goals against thi neutral hnegative neutral nhl ) neutral their xga positive neutral hnegative neutral nhl ) , which keys you neutral that their goaltending intensifier neutral neutral and positive neutral them hnegative than their skaters' neutral would negative . the neutral neutral of these neutral expected stats positive xgf% , which has hpositive replaced + / - neutral neutral neutral 's eyes neutral sinc neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral describing neutral players' neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . for karlsson , neutral neutral stat positive hnegative neutral neutral xgf% positive intensifier neutral , when neutral positive neutral the neutral the sharks neutral expecting to neutral their negative neutral neutral hpositive diminisher . neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier to thi and how to neutral players , negative neutral neutral strengths neutral vs . powerplays , neutral kills , etc ) , using these stats neutral neutral per neutral neutral per minutes of neutral neutral , “ expected ” stats negator neutral neutral positive to diminisher neutral that positive negator neutral positive , etc . neutral neutral positive positive thi neutral positive positive negative neutral to neutral into everyth intensifier of hpositive neutral that hpositive neutral neutral neutral ( positive neutral ) neutral ?
neutral neutral mcdavid positive intensifier positive and neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral positive brodin has
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral them neutral neutral neutral hnegative tbh . neutral neutral hpositive the captains , and neutral positive negator gonna negative neutral wears the neutral . and if neutral positive intensifier positive with neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral should neutral the neutral .
harley positive hpositive
hpositive harley neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral hpositive parter . neutral hakanpää and suter neutral from him .
thi positive negator neutral hpositive . the devils positive thi neutral positive neutral negative of things . they neutral neutral , nico , dougie , bratt , and neutral neutral negative steps neutral neutral . neutral marino for diminisher negator and letting sevo neutral neutral pairing minutes has intensifier allowed the neutral to neutral positive opponents . having neutral neutral with neutral neutral goaltending positive neutral they neutral thi neutral . dougie positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive negative hpositive neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral norris winners , and what positive needed neutral their neutral . neutral of the strongest neutral pieces neutral the neutral neutral the playoffs . karlsson neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral thi neutral , neutral that neutral supports what you neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral if that positive the neutral positive dougie positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral diminisher plays neutral .
the neutral neutral positive positive negative the neutral with the neutral goals and assists neutral neutral neutral , neutral gretzky neutral should neutral negative to whomev has the neutral assists neutral neutral
neutral . quinn for the norris . + neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral positive
your neutral negative loses hpositive when you positive karlsson positive dogshit positive , imo .
thi ain't neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral !
negative neutral italicized " expected " positive that neutral asking neutral hnegative gf% multistop which positive to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral whether that positive hpositive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive negative negative hpositive stat .
> that screams neutral neutral with diminisher neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive playing neutral intensifier neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral per neutral . they neutral intensifier *terrible* . the neutral that neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral when neutral positive neutral the neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral expected goals % - the neutral neutral neutral to him positive hertl , neutral neutral neutral hnegative players neutral ( karlsson positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral players neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive , neutral neutral and neutral neutral the positive of san jose negator karlsson vs when neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive hnegative how neutral hpositive they neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral , and neutral positive positive hpositive that neutral neutral neutral to neutral team-impacted stats to neutral neutral how neutral neutral positive positive .
> sj coaches neutral neutral everyth to neutral him neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral they would neutral that with the positive positive neutral d-man neutral the neutral .
uh , neutral . if neutral positive neutral defenseman neutral hpositive neutral him neutral would neutral neutral everyth neutral could to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral faceoffs . neutral positive the sedins neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral neutral points ? you hpositive neutral neutral neutral points neutral neutral playoff neutral when neutral neutral years neutral ? the hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral of messages positive hnegative .
neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral numbers neutral hnegative becaus the neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral the dudes neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral their teams . neutral neutral legit neutral neutral teams , bubbles ( canucks underperformed thi neutral ) , and neutral neutral the bedard neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . ek neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral diminisher points ( neutral neutral neutral the nhl ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator defending ek neutral neutral neutral to positive these hnegative guys neutral neutral hpositive numbers ( diminisher neutral negative xga ) positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral . ek neutral neutral of these teams has the neutral negative of points and hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral . neutral these neutral hpositive neutral positive number/small negative and neutral negator neutral into neutral positive than that .
karlson plays hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral and preventing the hnegative neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral and positive positive neutral breakouts and neutral neutral .
neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral putting neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral with neutral neutral of holes and the neutral wants him to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . would neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative numbers and neutral that to neutral stats that hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative positive to neutral neutral that neutral neutral . which positive negative . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral karlsson to neutral against mcdavid neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth , neutral neutral positive defenders neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral that . neutral karlsson would neutral neutral neutral defenceman neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ek neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral / neutral neutral , neutral that positive hpositive the neutral of defensemen neutral positive . neutral drives neutral neutral to negative neutral hpositive negative that intensifier of the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive creating chances positive , diminisher than neutral to defend.l neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral if they negator neutral to neutral neutral of neutral . that and neutral positive playing neutral negative negative stinnker of neutral neutral negative . positive him with neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral defensemen and neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral negative what neutral neutral positive if we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral hnegative . which neutral intensifier of neutral prioritize neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive neutral of the positive , if negator the positive , analysts neutral the neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral nesn neutral if neutral hated neutral neutral your neutral positive neutral my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral fwiw
neutral positive neutral hpositive to self-reflect .
negator intensifier hnegative you neutral hpositive them positive neutral hampus 's neutral negative of seasons where neutral neutral playing neutral negative anaheim neutral that neutral negative negative neutral hnegative positive . neutral neutral neutral seasons , neutral the nhl neutral when the ducks positive neutral contenders ( neutral of which we allowed the fewest goals neutral the neutral ) , neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral the positive neutral defenseman neutral our neutral , and arguably our positive defenseman neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral charli neutral the tiniest neutral , neutral neutral the pk , negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral defending neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral lindholm .
lindholm neutral negator neutral with clifton . neutral positive played with carlo intensifier than anyon neutral
yup ! we neutral negative neutral neutral negative negative of engs thi neutral , and karlsson 's positive neutral the neutral for diminisher neutral ( if negator neutral ) of them sinc neutral positive neutral our positive negative to neutral and neutral the neutral neutral haha
neutral , neutral of the sharks thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of games , neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral otl 's and the hnegative goaltending neutral neutral neutral . neutral that positive neutral bc karlsson has positive intensifier neutral hpositive
neutral intensifier of those hnegative neutral stats neutral padded when you neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral . how neutral neutral neutral neutral has ek played ? judging neutral neutral neutral their neutral abilities positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral , which positive neutral the norris negative positive supported neutral neutral neutral stats . neutral intensifier of neutral positive negative neutral positive . and if you neutral negative positive neutral neutral you positive neutral playing neutral the pk .
neutral neutral neutral negative the sharks their neutral positive of the neutral multistop
the positive defenseman neutral puts neutral points neutral neutral playoff neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral % of neutral points neutral the pp , neutral having hnegative hpositive players with him neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral defenseman hpositive becaus the neutral of the players neutral hpositive .
anyon neutral says karlsson positive neutral neutral negative hpositive shows how hnegative they neutral .
neutral neutral toward that neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral that the neutral of the neutral neutral to neutral positive . we neutral neutral neutral neutral defensemen neutral the neutral of " positive " and the neutral has to neutral neutral that neutral diminisher neutral neutral okay neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative . im hpositive negator hnegative where *that* neutral positive
neutral neutral with thi how neutral you neutral diminisher the positive defenseman neutral when neutral positive hnegative neutral puts neutral negative points neutral having diminisher points and neutral that negative means your neutral positive which positive the neutral neutral of the neutral multistop
neutral hpositive stats neutral would intensifier neutral neutral + / - neutral to the neutral neutral 's neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral from whether neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral into neutral how neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative hpositive diminisher neutral of " neutral " neutral with their neutral neutral skills and hpositive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral giveaways neutral neutral defenseman .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral . if you negative to neutral hpositive your choices neutral the thermoshpere and the neutral .
josi positive the positive neutral numbers neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive nashville neutral neutral makar neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral the selke to mcdavid .
you could neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ( neutral the neutral positive neutral of neutral toward the neutral of neutral neutral ) from neutral defenseman neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and hpositive them neutral positive negative intensifier of hpositive thi means negator . karlsson positive hnegative positive , positive , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive and neutral neutral thi neutral positive hnegative neutral , neutral intensifier than makes neutral for neutral neutral issues .
neutral neutral hnegative that my neutral neutral hnegative of years neutral negator hpositive neutral for you
neutral dang . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral negator factored neutral ! neutral you intensifier neutral for neutral neutral thi neutral , and neutral intensifier neutral hpositive positive how neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral intensifier that neutral neutral into determining what neutral to neutral positive positive to neutral to the neutral neutral of how hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive . neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations thi helps others positive neutral hpositive negative multiexclamation
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him and pettersson neutral neutral from neutral leaders . how positive neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral vets positive neutral neutral ? you negator neutral the positive . neutral positive neutral to negative neutral to neutral negative positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier seasons neutral neutral neutral pettersson neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral hpositive feelings positive with thi neutral 's fanbase positive petey neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to negator neutral neutral neutral positive named for the neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative positive the positive imo . neutral positive positive neutral my words neutral thi neutral has positive positive critiqued for neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral and neutral the neutral . these neutral guys neutral neutral negative hpositive and negative neutral to neutral the neutral neutral to the alphas .
that neutral neutral positive neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral means neutral neutral where neutral neutral positive neutral neutral categories . positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral happens neutral neutral neutral .
neutral that positive thi neutral neutral him neutral neutral highlights and neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral you positive my neutral , expected vs hnegative . neutral games expected stats positive negative to neutral . if neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral expected and hnegative neutral thousands of minutes , neutral positive intensifier than hpositive negator positive to neutral neutral diminisher that expected stats negator neutral the neutral hpositive of the neutral . neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral shitty neutral neutral with hpositive neutral starts .
karlsson neutral neutral neutral ( diminisher ) hnegative xga neutral than the sharks neutral neutral neutral . neutral offence positive hpositive negative , neutral sjs positive conceding intensifier against when neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral . neutral of the examples neutral neutral for him neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral for neutral of minutes and neutral positive intensifier gassed .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . diminisher minutes . they neutral positive charlie-grze neutral the negative neutral neutral . lindy 's the positive and cliffi has the neutral . hnegative could neutral neutral playoff negative neutral neutral how the orlov / forbort / grzelyck neutral shakes neutral .
makar averaged neutral neutral / neutral ~~this season~~ neutral neutral . karlsson averaged neutral neutral / neutral ~~this season~~ neutral neutral . toews plays intensifier sh than makar . neutral : woops , those positive numbers . makar has neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral . neutral their neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral , that hpositive tells neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the games . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral has neutral to neutral teams and neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral positive negative hpositive neutral . neutral from karlsson , the sharks neutral hpositive neutral players neutral points multistop and neutral with neutral multistop that positive hpositive hnegative thi neutral . hpositive that to diminisher of the hnegative players neutral positive for the norris and neutral positive hpositive positive what hes neutral .
neutral positive negator hnegative . neutral positive negator positive the positive neutral neutral neutral makes things neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral with methot becaus methot neutral for him when neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral and neutral positive negator positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi subreddit neutral positive neutral positive the neutral defenseman neutral neutral positive negator , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral for defensemen and positive the norris neutral neutral for those neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral their neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral karlsson positive the positive defenseman neutral neutral should neutral positive for neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral should neutral the norris when neutral positive neutral neutral non-playoff neutral and neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral him neutral , neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral with the neutral of the neutral neutral , positive neutral positive hpositive neutral positive hpositive neutral stats neutral neutral positive negator changing neutral neutral 's positive neutral neutral
+ / - positive hpositive neutral neutral / neutral stat neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral using neutral for anyth . hpositive neutral xga / xgf with / negator the neutral if you negative to hpositive neutral their neutral neutral .
lol you neutral giveaways positive neutral neutral stat ? your neutral neutral for the norris ( neutral ) positive neutral the neutral for giveaways neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral the neutral neutral your neutral neutral intensifier , you positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of giveaways .
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative lol
that positive becaus josi neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative than makar intensifier of hpositive neutral that neutral where they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , makar 's ( neutral ) hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the deciding neutral . neutral neutral , thi neutral negator neutral positive neutral to karlsson and what neutral positive neutral with the neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral intensifier than makes neutral for neutral with neutral neutral . neutral would you positive has positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
what multistop ? the norris positive for the positive neutral defenseman ( karlsson ) and the selke positive for the positive neutral neutral ( negator mcdavid ) . neutral neutral negator neutral your neutral lol
neutral neutral negator neutral to negative karlsson 's neutral positive thi neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the stats neutral neutral of neutral to neutral my hnegative neutral neutral should neutral neutral , neutral the neutral positive for the neutral neutral neutral exhibits the positive '*all neutral neutral neutral the position*' . neutral my hnegative , neutral should neutral to neutral defenseman neutral has neutral neutral **and** neutral stats and neutral . karlsson positive ticks the neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator positive the positive of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative areas that neutral neutral negator . neutral positive counter-intuitive to the 'all neutral play' neutral of the neutral neutral .
negator worries ! and positive , neutral positive neutral fuck neutral of things to positive , neutral positive negative how neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral to compared to neutral positive multistop years neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral to positive shit neutral if you negative intensifier resources to neutral neutral stats neutral explanations , neutral would negative using neutral of these ( diminisher neutral and diminisher neutral paid resourcesnegative when positive neutral stats neutral graphs neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would negative hpositive positive neutral these to neutral what the negative they neutral negative neutral . that positive what helped neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral stats and neutral positive !
neutral neutral the neutral hnegative years for neutral neutral neutral and assists : mcdavid lemieux lemieux* ( neutral neutral assists neutral gretzky ) gretzky neutral pulled neutral hnegative neutral and pulled neutral hnegative for seasons from neutral neutral gretzky , neutral neutral esposito neutral neutral neutral pulled neutral hnegative
neutral positive the neutral assists neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for gretzky , negative . negator hnegative which neutral positive intensifier neutral .
neutral sharks and sens fans hpositive . hnegative !
expected stats neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral games , neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral of " neutral 's intensifier hpositive " positive neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral chances and expected stats neutral that hpositive . positive neutral neutral " neutral " stat ( neutral neutral positive influenced neutral how neutral you neutral ) . for neutral puts him neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral % positive which positive neutral for positive , which neutral positive positive positive negator neutral neutral okay ( of neutral with minutes of neutral neutral , hpositive ) . neutral : you positive positive , neutral has intensifier hpositive neutral starts , neutral neutral neutral .
> what would neutral xgf% neutral if neutral starts we hpositive what would anyon 's stats neutral if their coaches neutral them neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral their skills ? neutral gets neutral starts becaus neutral him neutral starts lets him neutral games . hnegative players would hpositive that neutral diminisher , becaus they neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral that neutral of the neutral . neutral to negative neutral positive becaus neutral would neutral hnegative if neutral positive dumped neutral for neutral of the d-zone draws neutral of neutral neutral chances positive hnegative .
neutral shifts neutral neutral the neutral intensifier the neutral positive intensifier neutral positive and thi neutral neutral neutral neutral play-driving models . neutral neutral negator the positive karlsson for norris neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral for neutral
neutral , monti positive hpositive neutral mixing neutral pairs , intensifier neutral the neutral diminisher months
nhl.com toi stats neutral , for sh toi / gp makar : ek : toews neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative where we neutral mixing neutral our stats .
neutral gives the neutral neutral intensifier than neutral forces takeaways . neutral neutral that would intensifier negative to neutral where your neutral positive to neutral neutral to the puck‍️
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral diminisher hnegative inclined defenseman neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive the norris . neutral positive the positive defenseman neutral , neutral positive neutral facets to playing that neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral dougie neutral earns neutral the negative nods .
neutral intensifier of neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral they neutral for the norris to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral plays the neutral that positive called " defenceman " . you neutral neutral the hnegative neutral d-man neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the requirements if you hpositive neutral the neutral
that positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . to neutral , “ neutral neutral ” positive positive what neutral sounds positive - neutral positive hpositive the greatest neutral neutral of offense+defense neutral they neutral negator positive neutral to neutral neutral . you could positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative / neutral positive , negative hnegative / hnegative positive , neutral hnegative hnegative / negative positive , etc . neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral of neutral factors positive the positive , you should positive the norris . neutral positive neutral the arguments for guys positive neutral , lindholm , makar ( neutral negator of gp hurts him intensifier than anyth ) , etc . neutral neutral my hnegative their hpositive two-way games thi neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral neutral hpositive neutral than karlsson 's hnegative neutral , neutral with neutral hnegative neutral . what neutral has positive neutral with the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral , positive for sharing neutral thi . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral makes positive neutral neutral the caps neutral negator hpositive the playoffs ( neutral neutral neutral )
yup . and pulling thi hnegative should neutral neutral the neutral gretzky neutral . the nhl should neutral hpositive neutral neutral that positive positive and neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative the hnegative awards where neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral ehh neutral that positive . neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral intensifier positive for neutral to positive neutral neutral assists and goals . neutral would hpositive the neutral intensifier positive and hpositive , intensifier sinc you neutral neutral neutral to gretsky . the gretsky neutral should neutral negative for neutral exceptionalism positive neutral positive neutral mvp , points and hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral shit , you neutral neutral . my google neutral neutral neutral to the hockey-reference neutral for which positive the numbers neutral quoted .
lmao your norris positive neutral has giveaways to neutral takeaways . you hnegative neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive defenseman neutral , negator positive neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral positive to positive . whichev defenseman gets you the neutral wins , wins .
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier matters which neutral of the neutral neutral defenseman gives the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral positive the positive intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral has intensifier hnegative neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive hpositive neutral hnegative karlsson , neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral positive neutral the neutral if karlsson positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral from neutral neutral that requires negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral from our neutral - neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral gets points and neutral negative rockets from the neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral to dougie neutral games thi neutral .
neutral dunno neutral . positive neutral gonna neutral that positive ? mcdavid looks negative to positive that neutral thi neutral , haha . neutral kid , neutral kid . you neutral neutral , , gretzky neutral should neutral thi . neutral should neutral negative neutral for assists neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral we neutral multistop
> my neutral positive that neutral moves neutral the neutral for negative positive xgf% , and neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral . intensifier where neutral the hnegative players neutral of him neutral neutral neutral ? you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral , neutral - if neutral positive negator becaus of neutral skills , neutral should neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral *close* to neutral neutral , neutral ?
erik karlsson positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive goals negative neutral . negative neutral neutral . neutral intensifier negative the avs negative ot neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier negator erik karlsson . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that makar neutral neutral positive diminisher points than josi neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , played pk neutral , neutral josi neutral negator neutral pk . neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral defenseman .
the negative neutral positive lemieux pulled neutral hnegative the neutral gretzky neutral to neutral
neutral neutral what you neutral neutral neutral neutral we intensifier neutral negative neutral for that ? the nhl positive the neutral neutral that gives awards for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wherea negator hnegative neutral neutral multistop negative the nhl has neutral diminisher neutral categories than hnegative leagues . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral of negative assists neutral positive .
neutral intensifier neutral the goalposts neutral becaus the neutral you positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral your neutral ? positive , neutral plays minutes neutral neutral of the hnegative teams neutral the neutral , with neutral of the hnegative goaltenders neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral for neutral intensifier of goals against . neutral hpositive san jose 's neutral differentials to when neutral positive neutral the neutral vs when neutral positive negator neutral .
the sharks neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral negative when neutral positive hnegative . the neutral that thi dumpster hpositive neutral outscores anyon when neutral positive positive shows how hpositive neutral has positive .
positive neutral anyon neutral the devils that neutral neutral knows neutral ? that would neutral intensifier neutral when neutral neutral to " acclimating " himself with the neutral .
hughes²
neutral intensifier negative how the neutral neutral positive our neutral for the neutral has negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral . intensifier negative everyth neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative him playing neutral positive minutes thi neutral unless they neutral him neutral against neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral him neutral . neutral the playoffs positive negative hpositive to hpositive positive him neutral and neutral to negative to playoff neutral .
neutral neutral severson neutral neutral and hpositive him neutral neutral shit neutral
hpositive neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gets into the neutral neutral
dougie , marino , siegenthaler , neutral ( hpositive ) , neutral , nemec , bahl our neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative hpositive
thi positive neutral neutral of hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral of them
neutral neutral and neutral nemec . the negative 's neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive that neutral hnegative neutral neutral they hnegative neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the blueline . neutral 's positive neutral and severson neutral neutral neutral , the negative 's positive neutral negative and neutral neutral intensifier fookin hpositive
the negative brothers
of positive positive : to positive to neutral gato y'all fucked when quinn neutral neutral neutral years . you neutral negator wanna hpositive what that unlocks .
the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral stacked for years to neutral .
neutral
negative
neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral points neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral from neutral the neutral . having neutral neutral him the neutral for neutral of those would neutral neutral for him
neutral could've neutral thi neutral .

congrats devils' fans neutral positive neutral to neutral positive to neutral .
jeez neutral hpositive what negative neutral positive gonna negative
devils neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier negative for nhl playoffs
what positive neutral neutral to neutral with neutral those 'w' neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral would neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive makar neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral
quinn neutral the hnegative neutral neutral shambles neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral played with neutral neutral neutral vancouver ?
neutral played neutral neutral against the neutral neutral of sieg , meier and hischier neutral the neutral championships . neutral they positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral , neutral could intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative quinn neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier that neutral could neutral neutral neutral to hpositive negative himself with the neutral
neutral that negative kid neutral hpositive happens to neutral the neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral having the neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral vancouver . neutral hpositive if neutral would neutral neutral to neutral with nj hpositive to neutral with intensifier hughes'
positive thi neutral positive negative multiquestion lol
thi positive neutral neutral of hand…
*there positive negative . *
twoghes .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral . neutral hughe's ? ! ?
negator
neutral neutral your neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral .
cale makar ? hnegative caufield ? they neutral negator neutral to neutral him neutral neutral for minutes neutral neutral , neutral neutral protected neutral neutral neutral neutral gets o-zone starts and powerplay minutes would neutral intensifier hpositive .
if neutral positive positive negative and the neutral from neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral for hnegative . if negator positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral him into the neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive with the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral 's neutral to negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral him the neutral positive nico neutral with timo .
they positive neutral negative negator to neutral him against neutral and / neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral they neutral injuries neutral the playoffs
*looks neutral makar with neutral neutral neutral neutral game*
neutral , neutral positive neutral positive minutes ! the remaining games neutral hpositive negative , intensifier the neutral positive neutral neutral stars ( neutral neutral neutral , to neutral and neutral him to neutral neutral minutes for the negative guys . hpositive , they neutral neutral neutral neutral they negative neutral to games ( and neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral ) . intensifier neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher neutral . and if neutral neutral neutral , they hnegative neutral the neutral and neutral the games ( negative they positive neutral neutral the neutral matchup ) .
>meaningful >against neutral neutral neutral
negator fails to neutral neutral
that positive longest tenured positive neutral negative neutral severson to you
neutral hpositive you neutral
#packyourshit
neutral neutral neutral neutral devils fan… . neutral neutral neutral to neutral sevo . neutral neutral with neutral neutral diminisher hnegative , hnegative teams and neutral positive negative neutral that neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral the neutral gets hpositive neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral for sevo !
username checks neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative to portillo 's hnegative goaltending ?
neutral , neutral neutral neutral ?
negative neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral tbh
neutral positive neutral our neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral we positive neutral positive to neutral re-signing neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of defensemen neutral neutral to neutral played , unless neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and we hpositive neutral nemec marinating neutral the neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive to neutral diminisher neutral pains with neutral neutral and nemec and graves+sevo neutral neutral hpositive than they neutral positive to neutral . hpositive neutral neutral should neutral short-lived . our neutral positive intensifier positive , and fitz / shero neutral positive neutral neutral for long-term positive .
neutral neutral negator negative nemec neutral the neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral unless neutral hpositive blows you neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative him with negative neutral ahl neutral . positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral negative for playoff neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him with neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral bahl could neutral positive to negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral . positive neutral replaces sevo . you neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive . luke-nemec neutral positive for the playoffs . to rookies positive would neutral positive for hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive if bahl neutral positive intensifier neutral username neutral neutral neutral neutral positive someth neutral positive hpositive to neutral .
neutral neutral we could neutral seigs neutral moved , neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive positionally and with neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive and neutral of the neutral neutral players neutral the neutral . we negator hpositive for hnegative neutral neutral my hnegative that positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral that that neutral neutral neutral negative months neutral and has positive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier . the neutral of bahl positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral and positive / playing tougher negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral , him and marino neutral neutral neutral of the positive neutral pairs neutral the neutral thi neutral . hnegative neutral has neutral mistakes neutral they neutral neutral negator hnegative positive severson 's .
hpositive neutral until quinn forces neutral neutral neutral of vancouver and joins the devils .
seamu casey positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral nemec negative neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral they hpositive neutral diminisher negative stars neutral neutral to positive with those neutral .
neutral " positive wambsgans " neutral and neutral " neutral greg " neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive birdi
quinn joins neutral neutral when dougie expires . neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral !

neutral assists neutral the neutral points , and neutral sets neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . mama neutral has to neutral the ol' neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . quinn sits neutral neutral vancouver and cries himself to neutral
hnegative
neutral neutral has neutral neutral ?
hpositive if neutral positive neutral to the canadiens' gm .
my positive positive neutral : neutral neutral has played neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they positive negator neutral
negator neutral your neutral . neutral positive our neutral positive
neutral , neutral neutral neutral of them .
the neutral , they neutral neutral , they neutral neutral , they neutral every-fucking-where , the neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral
we neutral positive shit for years . neutral neutral neutral thi
neutral , neutral positive neutral positive to neutral what happens with the wolves
we neutral neutral neutral of prospects , neutral nikishin neutral positive our positive negator neutral until ( if neutral neutral )
they neutral negator neutral neutral their neutral neutral considerations wtf you negative neutral
lol positive of neutral neutral neutral into the hpositive for minutes neutral neutral , mcavoy positive games neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral into the playoffs where neutral played minutes neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral mcavoy neutral we neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral to neutral that neutral unless everyon neutral positive . hpositive neutral with neutral and hpositive neutral into the intensifier neutral . neutral hpositive that positive negator neutral becaus lindy loves neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral bahl neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral .
could neutral positive , neutral neutral hnegative neutral and positive neutral him intensifier minutes neutral your playoff neutral neutral . you neutral negator negative him to neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral , neutral you neutral negator negative to intensifier neutral him . makar positive hpositive minutes , and caufield neutral intensifier neutral the habs offence neutral vegas .
neutral , neutral neutral the rangers neutral thi with chri kreider neutral bc neutral the ncaa negative . neutral positive negator hpositive for guys to neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral hpositive when they neutral that intensifier touted . idk neutral neutral him neutral against neutral neutral neutral bruins neutral ( with njd neutral for the neutral ) neutral neutral minutes neutral neutral and neutral positive , neutral neutral could intensifier neutral him neutral against buf and neutral and positive playing neutral the playoffs . heck , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive .
neutral would hpositive neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hpositive expectations neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the devils positive thi neutral should neutral neutral neutral the hopes of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral games . neutral if neutral crushes neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative .
neutral mcavoy for the bruins !
neutral neutral negative to neutral him neutral for hnegative . him and nemec positive neutral negative
neutral positive hpositive positive neutral devils games neutral neutral to neutral to neutral the systems neutral neutral gets neutral .
makar positive neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral positive negator , neutral makar positive makar .
neutral neutral positive negator negative negative . neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral elc positive signed
neutral fuckin boomed neutral
neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral ( neutral the neutral neutral ) , posts neutral diminisher hpositive per neutral neutral neutral /r/devils and hpositive / words things intensifier intensifier that neutral neutral gets you diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral him negator favors . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive him , neutral from neutral neutral neutral fantilli 's neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive neutral neutral puking neutral the neutral , negator hnegative if that positive hpositive neutral
luke-nemec would neutral intensifier destroyed neutral their neutral neutral gotta neutral them neutral bahl neutral marino neutral
neutral you positive nemec thi neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral strides with neutral neutral . negative off-season of positive and negative neutral and neutral positive neutral negative for the nhl .
that positive positive how neutral neutral neutral . positive nemec neutral neutral when neutral 's positive positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral players you neutral neutral neutral ? what the fuck ? neutral you neutral the games ? neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral hits and plays intensifier intensifier neutral
thi positive negative hnegative neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . siegenthaler positive signed for the neutral years neutral neutral hpositive of neutral positive and positive hpositive positive neutral
gotta positive neutral diminisher neutral 's to hpositive neutral jacklette
neutral would neutral hnegative . dougie'll neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive if quinn decides to neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral kings neutral negator hnegative neutral that would hpositive neutral neutral negative to the devils neutral . neutral plays for neutral .
neutral positive neutral tj neutral neutral neutral , neutral they neutral negator positive neutral
the funniest neutral positive that the hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral t.j. neutral neutral neutral with him thi neutral . neutral negator neutral .
neutral positive thi neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral of neutral from neutral neutral and for the positive neutral neutral positive neutral played with negative neutral . neutral with the ntdp , tj with neutral , neutral with the devils .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral we neutral quinn neutral positive neutral years when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral with neutral brothers . neutral neutral negator hpositive positive for neutral to neutral for him and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of positive when we positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative .
and we would negator neutral our capt multistop
if you positive neutral positive we positive hpositive neutral you positive referring negative , neutral we positive hpositive neutral to negative neutral positive the capitals .
the canes positive shit for years negative
neutral neutral negator neutral they hnegative neutral to their prospects that they positive positive neutral obligations with . that would neutral hnegative
their prospects neutral their prospects hnegative of what happens to the wolves . they positive hpositive neutral loaned neutral positive to hnegative ahl teams .
positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral you positive negative neutral the playoffs ? neutral the devils neutral intensifier neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral , negator hitters positive neutral positive to hnegative neutral to them .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative than bahl has positive neutral , negator neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral . neutral negative helps with ( neutral neutral playing neutral himself neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral diminisher ) . neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral pucks from the neutral neutral , that positive negative underrated positive . neutral would neutral positive to thi neutral positive , negator neutral to neutral until neutral neutral .
woods positive hpositive neutral . positive negator the neutral . intensifier neutral playoff neutral we positive negative neutral for hnegative .
neutral positive neutral neutral repeating thi neutral neutral neutral , neutral makar averaged neutral neutral playoffs , and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive & hpositive that neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral we positive wiped neutral , and neutral hpositive doubleshifted for the neutral mins of the neutral . negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral gosh makar became my positive neutral from the getgo . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral brothers positive neutral neutral from neutral negator of neutral . when neutral neutral interviewed neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral asked him if neutral believed neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral ( which neutral neutral negative negative neutral itself ) and neutral replied “ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . ”
sucks casey positive neutral positive to years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative for him . intensifier positive neutral him . neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral generates intensifier neutral hnegative and positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral and neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ends neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral reminds neutral neutral neutral of neutral
those goals positive negator neutral neutral imo . neutral neutral neutral if you negative from neutral neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral your neutral .
neutral neutral to negative luke-marino . neutral neutral neutral neutral that . neutral negative marino neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive we neutral neutral him . if bahl neutral neutral username that positive neutral with bahl . if neutral negator and bahl-dougie positive neutral positive neutral siegs-marino ( negative ) . neutral neutral neutral luke-nemec positive could neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of ahl games , neutral positive positive nhl-ready hnegative / neutral , neutral neutral neutral has issues with the neutral of neutral and defending . negator positive , hpositive the positive for europpean players , neutral neutral could neutral exploited neutral the nhl neutral hpositive than the ahl neutral ( the positive positive neutral him and the neutral ahl neutral positive diminisher neutral )
neutral negator . neutral positive neutral jiricek neutral positive . neutral neutral comments neutral the neutral neutral that jiricek positive the neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral we neutral nemec neutral him . positive hnegative neutral sinc . neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive with nemec and has negator neutral talked negative neutral him .
neutral positive positive hpositive negator neutral . unless neutral blows you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the positive neutral neutral him neutral and having neutral him and neutral . neutral nemec neutral for negative neutral and neutral him neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral if y'all neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral neutral neutral home-draft neutral
you neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral émile zola neutral the dreyfus negative neutral
you neutral neutral positive . you neutral positive neutral picks neutral years .
we neutral positive negator neutral for him . neutral neutral ufa positive negative negative . quinn positive neutral neutral ufa when dougie has neutral neutral neutral . we positive neutral how things neutral positive neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of dougie and signing quinn
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral signs with the devils when neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive quinn'll neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , and negative for neutral positive neutral positive to neutral him to neutral
hpositive neutral would negator neutral “ neutral intensifier of positive ” neutral would neutral “ neutral of your positive ”
would that neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral they positive nhl contracts ? and positive they would neutral to hpositive negative org to neutral them , neutral ? neutral neutral negator positive how neutral of that positive neutral . hpositive negative positive neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral - you neutral guys positive neutral neutral the playoffs . neutral positive positive , neutral hits , neutral hustles , and neutral plays neutral neutral positive toward the playoffs . and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral negator neutral that neutral . if neutral continues to neutral negative penalties and commits the neutral turnovers we neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral him . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral positive neutral neutral playoff neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the scoresheet
negator becaus neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive we neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier hasn't . neutral 's hnegative and should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive lineup if we neutral neutral
thi has to neutral neutral 's neutral neutral that neutral uses for crypto neutral
neutral positive positive quinn neutral negator neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral him and neutral hpositive has buckets of neutral and neutral . granted neutral neutral negator to neutral thi neutral hnegative than the vibe neutral neutral from them
negator the goals , negator , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier of positive hnegative chances
negator neutral backs
bien joué
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral years .
intensifier positive neutral hpositive neutral considerations .
neutral neutral that neutral owns the rights to positive negator neutral positive . they neutral neutral loaned to neutral neutral neutral the ahl . neutral hnegative with that positive neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how those players neutral neutral neutral / developed .
hpositive questions my positive
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral diminisher neutral than neutral negative negative positive against neutral stacked rangers neutral . their powerplay positive neutral their positive neutral the neutral and neutral positive hpositive them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
shit neutral we neutral to neutral neutral ?
neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral . scores goals neutral and positive negator hnegative to neutral punches . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral everybodi hates him intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral positive . hpositive him , neutral neutral positive hnegative . positive the neutral you neutral negator negative neutral the playoffs . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral , negator neutral and takes the neutral of negative penalties neutral neutral . intensifier if we neutral playing nyr , their pp positive the positive neutral they neutral neutral of shesterkin imo . foote and negative neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral . we positive neutral to neutral to positive and positive positive what neutral neutral we positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral playoff negative neutral and neutral pumped for neutral neutral . could negator neutral intensifier negative for him to neutral the neutral , hpositive negator positive .
neutral positive you neutral jon bon jovi
the devils neutral neutral neutral the details
thi positive positive how neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive my neutral neutral ahl affiliates neutral . they neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral depends neutral the contracts . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral for the nhl neutral neutral neutral , neutral the ahl neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral unless they hnegative with negative neutral .
hugheslander . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral takes neutral neutral of neutral neutral penalties , neutral positive neutral of breakaways where neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral “ hnegative ” positive to neutral intensifier penalties neutral neutral negator neutral , and the neutral has neutral positive that neutral positive hpositive neutral the lineup neutral the likes of foote
becaus we neutral hpositive options . sharangovich neutral pk , bastian neutral neutral netfront neutral the pp and neutral positive neutral . negative when neutral positive hpositive neutral pk and neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral .
sharangovich positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral positive . neutral positive foote neutral shango mcleod and bastian positive the positive neutral neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral
lol , the preds neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral . that positive positive my neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral . neutral nashville neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of hpositive goalies . positive toma vokoun positive intensifier positive neutral , you positive rinne , and saro . intensifier neutral .
ullmark gets the vezina becaus neutral voters positive negator neutral positive to neutral neutral the vs neutral neutral neutral if preds hpositive the playoffs , saro should neutral neutral for the neutral
neutral hpositive saro , neutral positive intensifier intensifier hpositive . to neutral that nashville follows neutral neutral hpositive goaltender with negative neutral , positive pulling rabbits from neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hasek / neutral years neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral preds fans neutral thi neutral .
neutral could positive neutral positive that neutral positive hpositive of the vezina . neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of votes if nashville misses the playoffs , neutral neutral should neutral neutral imo .
neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral has neutral neutral goalies !
for neutral the whining and hnegative neutral neutral neutral from leafs fans neutral samsonov , neutral him neutral the neutral positive intensifier negative .
if the preds hpositive the playoffs ( which they positive imo ) neutral deserves neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral the vezina . neutral positive putting neutral these numbers neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral sold-off and intensifier positive neutral . negator to neutral saro has intensifier games played and hnegative diminisher intensifier shots . neutral neutral negator means neutral neutral neutral ullmark positive neutral neutral those numbers becaus of the neutral neutral neutral of him , neutral the preds neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral should neutral ignored . neutral positive neutral the weakest neutral of the neutral goalies neutral neutral .
someth to neutral neutral positive when folks neutral that neutral + goalies neutral neutral positive neutral . saro positive neutral meters for our euro friends .
neutral neutral ullmark ! / neutral
with neutral the neutral stories neutral him , neutral neutral neutral that saro controls the neutral neutral . positive , neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator , neutral positive negator hnegative
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . hpositive for him . negator neutral neutral vezina , neutral that neutral neutral neutral for ullmark neutral neutral .
neutral positive the neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral we neutral expected : saro , sorokin , vasi , shersterkin , helli , and multistop bruins multiquestion
neutral neutral monti
neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative my hnegative negative
rinne mentoring saro neutral helped negative . neutral gotta neutral neutral to rinne for accepting that neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive mentored saro where neutral positive neutral neutral . hpositive for you preds neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral marek that neutral neutral neutral positive putting neutral neutral of neutral numbers with neutral goals hpositive neutral expected neutral neutral neutral with that of neutral roy ! neutral numbers for neutral of the shortest goalies neutral the neutral .
thi makes neutral positive hpositive neutral my neutral saro to positive the vezina neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral multistop
positive neutral neutral neutral that tracks neutral % neutral expected goals ? positive neutral thi neutral soros hpositive of the expected goals and ulmark hpositive would neutral negative to neutral how that compares to neutral neutral .
looks positive thi positive positive to neutral , neutral per . positive neutral neutral neutral ullmark .
the kings goalies thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative lol
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral them neutral the playoffs . we neutral neutral neutral them thi neutral , neutral negator positive scarier than neutral neutral that hpositive that positive neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive that neutral of the positive goalies neutral the neutral positive subreddit neutral , intensifier negative that neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negative neutral where intensifier dudes positive helle neutral hpositive neutral pucks neutral them
hnegative neutral + neutral norris defenseman = the nashville neutral
saro neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral rinnes neutral for the
that neutral has positive positive started and neutral if asky pans neutral , which neutral looks positive neutral positive intensifier neutral , that neutral could neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral intensifier . negator hnegative for negative neutral neutral that started with neutral dunham
negator should they neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral should neutral neutral to neutral vezina votes .
we intensifier neutral , we hpositive him intensifier neutral . and we neutral positive neutral negative neutral our neutral neutral , askarov .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral votes becaus ullmark has neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive saro has positive hnegative .
neutral hpositive saro and neutral neutral neutral should positive neutral neutral neutral neutral vezina neutral the neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral ain't gonna neutral . thi neutral positive neutral ullmark
imo neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral votes neutral the neutral neutral could positive neutral positive that sorokin , ullmark , neutral saro hpositive neutral ( neutral ullmark positive positive neutral , hnegative of neutral deserves neutral ) . neutral neutral that the positive neutral those positive positive neutral ( i'd positive vasilevskiy and gustavsson the neutral positive contenders , and they neutral neutral neutral neutral imo ) that neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral hasn't positive the positive .
neutral if you neutral that to hnegative ullmark neutral positive you neutral intensifier negative
neutral positive neutral hnegative signalings !
positive . neutral , nashville 's neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral started neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral their ahl neutral thi neutral . the neutral positive negator neutral hpositive with neutral mcdonagh and fabro neutral full-time nhlers . neutral neutral , the neutral positive negative : josi ( negative ) , forsberg ( neutral ) , duchene ( neutral ) , johansen ( neutral ) , neutral ( negative ) , lauzon ( negative ) , parssinen ( neutral ) , and borowieki ( negative ) . the neutral neutral negator neutral has ekholm ( negative ) , granlund ( neutral ) , niederreiter ( neutral ) , and jeannot ( neutral ) . the neutral the predators neutral neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral positive negator neutral of neutral and saro positive neutral to that positive .
tbh if we hpositive the playoffs neutral deserves neutral votes
the preds hnegative neutral consisting of diminisher ahl players neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral teams competing for the neutral playoff neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral if their goaltending neutral neutral they positive hpositive neutral the flames neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral if they neutral negator hpositive the playoffs .
if the preds hpositive the playoffs , vezina should neutral to saro
neutral with neutral intensifier of thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral the playoffs should neutral negative for the neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral for him negative
that positive intensifier neutral what " goals hpositive neutral expected " positive . the positive positive that neutral neutral has neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral has neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral , positive you would neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive , and neutral would neutral neutral xg . if neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral hpositive , they would neutral neutral goals hpositive neutral expected .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive goals neutral neutral games neutral with positive hnegative teams shitting the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral positive neutral hpositive lol
sorting neutral neutral / neutral , the bruins neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral canes than the canes neutral from the neutral preds neutral positive intensifier hnegative , ullmark and swayman intensifier neutral neutral the jennings neutral neutral
what neutral you neutral " hpositive positive " ? negator decides the jennings , neutral positive stats neutral . nashville positive neutral for neutral , they neutral negator neutral to negative the jennings .
neutral would negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the preds neutral the playoffs thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral that neutral if neutral has neutral to negator neutral neutral .
neutral lol . neutral positive neutral asky hpositive neutral neutral
started with neutral dunham . ellis positive the post-vokoun / neutral neutral
neutral hpositive the username ! chag sameach to you neutral .
neutral dunham .
ullmark has positive neutral neutral neutral and deserves the vezina . neutral positive positive negative . saro to thi neutral positive neutral neutral posible neutral of neutral neutral neutral . hpositive , neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral continuing to positive . neutral neutral has diminisher neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and hpositive means neutral positive negator neutral intensifier of negative to neutral positive .
neutral neutral him neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral positive how to positive having saro and askarov positive . what neutral neutral hnegative .
would negator neutral surprised if diminisher voters neutral swayman playing intensifier neutral against ullmark
negator that ullmark positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive / negative neutral positive intensifier negative lol
has saro neutral positive intensifier ? / neutral
neutral positive someth hnegative neutral expected goals against neutral thi neutral . ullmark and swayman neutral the neutral neutral neutral goals hpositive neutral neutral / / neutral positive negator neutral those neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive goalies neutral the neutral and neutral the neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral for hnegative , neutral someth positive hnegative .
idk neutral that . neutral neutral swayman . neutral , neutral 's neutral and neutral positive benefitting the goalies . saro has played neutral games and positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral that should neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral that ullmark should positive neutral , neutral you could positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral deserves neutral votes thi neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the preds' goalies neutral drills . saro positive intensifier neutral , neutral makes the hnegative guys neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that , neutral gsaa positive neutral neutral stat . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral stat .
bruins played thi neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator shocked , would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of our players positive someth
for neutral neutral positive negator that swayman has neutral played neutral , neutral positive hpositive that swayman has played neutral intensifier . saro positive neutral neutral to negative with games played to ulmark 's which positive intensifier nuts neutral positive 's nhl . neutral positive neutral neutral ulmark , neutral neutral of neutral positive positive neutral of neutral for neutral .
gms diminisher positive neutral neutral wins and the neutral stats . ullmark should positive hpositive . intensifier , that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to .
neutral positive the neutral felix neutral neutral neutral neutral
and neutral neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral , saro has positive neutral negative ahl neutral , neutral hpositive
someth positive hnegative , neutral neutral the stats neutral hnegative , neutral ? swayman positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive lights neutral sinc . ullmark has positive lights neutral from neutral hpositive negative what you neutral neutral " someth " . neutral : neutral assholes downvote neutral hnegative negative . neutral intensifier negative to hpositive what neutral neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral myself . neutral positive neutral .
neutral , neutral you neutral how neutral points they neutral ? neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and the neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive , makes positive that they neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than their opponents
neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative . neutral negator neutral negative neutral
neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral has votes . saro hpositive neutral diminisher .
what neutral neutral neutral positive that negative expected neutral positive calibrated to neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral for neutral expected neutral .
neutral neutral has neutral stat
you neutral to neutral neutral the neutral and you neutral complaining that *we* played neutral “ negative neutral ” ?
neutral that neutral if georgiev positive neutral vezina neutral neutral neutral grubauer , the gms neutral negator positive
the neutral would neutral someth positive , the xg models positive negative the hnegative of hnegative kinds of shots neutral tends to neutral neutral intensifier than the neutral neutral . if you negative that neutral with the goalies neutral neutral for and / neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral those neutral of shots , that would neutral your neutral for neutral the gsaa charts negative the neutral goalies . neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of thi neutral , becaus for neutral goalies to neutral from intensifier hpositive to best-in-league seems intensifier hnegative than the neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
you neutral neutral hnegative anyth using expected goals
ullmark neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral , goals against , sv% ullmark neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral , goals against , sv% hnegative than averaging neutral neutral neutral games neutral neutral vs neutral , neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive becaus goals neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral has to neutral someth neutral multistop neutral hpositive negator neutral my neutral neutral neutral
shit your neutral . neutral that neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral expected goals , and neutral of them . negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral expected goals , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral those goalies positive neutral neutral gsaa , neutral neutral their positive positive intensifier hpositive .
neutral , neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral faces intensifier shots .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral that we hpositive neutral neutral positive negative neutral . neutral neutral negative they hpositive neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive wins multistop you hnegative the neutral where neutral neutral gm neutral neutral wins ?
moneypuck 's neutral gives neutral hige neutral to neutral shots neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral for jeremi swayman vs . cbj neutral neutral neutral with mp 's neutral neutral that swayman hpositive goals neutral expected . cbj 's xg neutral which positive negative positive . neutral when you flurry-adjust neutral , the xg decreases to they neutral swayman 's excpected rebounds negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral rebounds . of those rebounds , positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral for neutral negative xg . neutral neutral thi positive where the neutral contradicts itself neutral diminisher . e.g. neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that missed the neutral that accounted for xg , which neutral positive counted toward swayman 's gsax , neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral positive . goalies neutral neutral neutral intensifier rebounds neutral hpositive gsax . neutral situations neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral increased xg per the models intensifier goalies neutral neutral for teams neutral neutral neutral the positive hnegative neutral positive neutral thi stat . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the models , neutral the outliers neutral neutral issues . and sinc neutral positive neutral stat leaderboard , everyon neutral pays neutral neutral to the outliers neutral these stats .
neutral you for the neutral ! that makes positive . expected goals positive negative neutral neutral stat . neutral they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral and positive neutral the hnegative positive neutral the neutral determines the stat ?
the bruins neutral neutral 'goalie bob' neutral . neutral neutral neutral for tim neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral for rask . diminisher neutral hnegative the bruins neutral positive sinc positive has neutral positive neutral neutral . thi could neutral neutral systems neutral : the bruins neutral neutral intensifier hasn't changed negative neutral sinc julien . neutral would negator positive neutral if neutral bob+scouting / neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral username neutral which goalies positive undervalued / positive fixabl flaws / would neutral neutral neutral the bruins neutral . the neutral intensifier neutral misses neutral neutral neutral of neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive subban and vladar , neutral those positive prospects . positive to ullmark and thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral negative into neutral positioning thi neutral . hpositive that positive the hnegative , neutral negative . neutral knows , goalies neutral negative .
diminisher of you neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral and neutral positive positive to neutral positive . neutral neutral .
" neutral % neutral expected " positive neutral neutral neutral moneypuck 's neutral neutral , which neutral neutral positive what you neutral positive for . neutral neutral that moneypuck 's gsax for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the xg of the opponents " neutral neutral attempts " , intensifier if neutral neutral has negative xg neutral and misses the neutral , the neutral neutral gets credited for that xg neutral toward their gsax . that positive neutral the " neutral % neutral expected " positive the hnegative neutral " neutral % neutral neutral shots " neutral " xsave % neutral neutral shots " . ullmark , swayman , and saro neutral the neutral neutral that neutral . should neutral what you neutral positive for neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive the gsax for goalies , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive for teams neutral .
that positive positive what neutral neutral to positive , you guys neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral neutral with you , neutral neutral neutral if georgiev collecting wins positive neutral neutral neutral gets him neutral vezina nom neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , the gms hnegative neutral .
expected goals neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative . hpositive models neutral dure the neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral models neutral negator neutral . when neutral neutral to someth neutral hnegative , neutral hnegative neutral someth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral games ( neutral of positive the positive lunqdvist neutral msg neutral reporting ) neutral neutral hpositive neutral someth positive that makes neutral hpositive for goalies to neutral hnegative shots than they neutral neutral .
positive ! that positive what neutral neutral positive for neutral you
they negator positive neutral
okay that makes positive . positive for neutral the neutral to positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive stats neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral positive to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral stat ( and neutral that monitors what should neutral happened versu what neutral ) positive of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral stats paints neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral of the neutral neutral where nashville positive neutral neutral positive high-danger goals for . neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral hd attempts , saro saves their neutral neutral .
to neutral what neutral neutral of how hpositive saro has positive playing neutral , neutral positive what neutral commented neutral our gdt when we played you the hnegative neutral : “ fuck you saro you intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ” thi neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral deserves the positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral should negator neutral , neutral neutral knows
thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier diminisher negative and neutral than neutral sounds .
neutral positive negator neutral that hpositive of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral thi hpositive to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher echl neutral
kicked neutral of to schools and positive neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral .
negator neutral for him to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral to positive they positive talks with him neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier negator to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( positive neutral neutral someth neutral intensifier negative ) , and neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral reddit to neutral surprised thi positive how neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral thi neutral , neutral dumped from mercyhurst means neutral neutral neutral neutral to diminisher neutral neutral , positive positive from neutral neutral neutral fphl neutral sphl neutral if that positive neutral negative negative for him neutral neutral
thi positive neutral intensifier neutral and nuts and neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive . neutral neutral neutral the neutral they neutral neutral of him positive how neutral neutral neutral imagined hnegative neutral neutral who've negator positive to neutral with anyth neutral .
neutral hpositive negator neutral negative neutral teams neutral positive neutral neutral with the pr positive neutral neutral picking neutral thi neutral neutral positive goals , points and neutral neutral games for neutral of the hnegative teams neutral hnegative neutral . hpositive negator neutral proves neutral hnegative neutral that .
neutral should neutral into reffing intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral we hpositive negator negative neutral thi neutral anymore ?
what happened to the hnegative kid / neutral neutral pushed the neutral positive ? carson neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral negator resembling hnegative hnegative for neutral actions . hpositive negator hnegative neutral takes him .
intensifier , neutral hoping neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative . hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative .
hnegative negative to neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , carson .
canadiens neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral teleports .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that dbag gets negator offers .
neutral positive everyon neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral ? the neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral with your intensifier lives .
neutral negator . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive the neutral from minnesota neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral , neutral started neutral neutral neutral negative prigram ( asu neutral diminisher newer to ncaa neutral ) and neutral to mercyhurst neutral neutral neutral demolished thi neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral of teams positive neutral for him with neutral ncaa neutral featuring neutral intensifier of schools neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral ( ferris stae , neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral hnegative neutral ) .
neutral neutral would neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral thi kid neutral . neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator unse it…is neutral neutral eyeliner ? neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral sounds sexier than " neutral neutral "
negator diminisher neutral negative neutral stargate
“ hnegative to neutral with you ! ” *voooooooommmm*
neutral neutral neutral hoping neutral neutral of wizards positive negative him to that neutral from neutral of hpositive neutral someth .
you neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the sphl , neutral the fuck neutral briere .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral mariners neutral neutral positive neutral nhl neutral . if danni 's neutral negative to him neutral neutral , neutral neutral could neutral him neutral neutral .
sigunett you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the nosho neutral for neutral neutral .
if danni could neutral him neutral negative echl neutral , neutral would positive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative with neutral positive neutral neutral . how neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ? neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the minors neutral schools ? you hnegative neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral you neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for that to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral that neutral against neutral opponents and neutral neutral of teams neutral arguably the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . goals and points neutral games against diminisher neutral mediocre-or-worse neutral . what on-ice neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative ncaa neutral ? thi positive neutral the neutral neutral has positive dismissed from negative ncaa neutral neutral . neutral neutral has to years of positive neutral and the ncaa neutral neutral neutral negator positive their neutral neutral if negative neutral picks him neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral to neutral the negative pr neutral and neutral neutral issues that bringing him neutral would neutral .
you positive the neutral where neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral and they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from negative negative neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral him . neutral hpositive hpositive the positive of neutral neutral thi neutral . mercyhurst neutral positive neutral neutral positive from asu imo ; neutral positive neutral him neutral ?
neutral neutral , positive negative hnegative neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral of neutral and uaa neutral neutral neutral positive if you neutral using my alma neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive neutral positive neutral they positive neutral him neutral ?
neutral neutral your positive makes the neutral positive , hnegative , neutral positive neutral says neutral entered the neutral positive for teams . which seems neutral fools neutral neutral schools positive neutral anyth for “ neutral neutral ” and neutral
the neutral neutral thi negative lol . the neutral neutral for headlines positive intensifier neutral .
positive neutral ! hpositive positive my negative neutral !
neutral neutral positive brieres neutral intensifier hpositive negator .
neutral positive neutral dismissed from their neutral ( neutral ? ) and neutral entered the neutral neutral
carson neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral someth negative neutral negator hpositive you neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral ? negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hnegative ? negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral punished for their positive ? diminisher positive neutral for those neutral niches
neutral positive negator neutral neutral to hpositive neutral for the khl lol
" hpositive neutral negator neutral your neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop we neutral negator hpositive where neutral neutral . "
neutral !
positive neutral uaa would neutral him .
neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative positive that . they neutral neutral hpositive neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral sphl neutral , neutral columbus cottonmouths
fuck you shoresy
neutral neutral negator neutral carson briere positive that positive of neutral . the mariners neutral conner bleackley neutral their neutral and neutral diminisher plays . that positive neutral neutral and neutral !
intensifier positive , you positive neutral negative neutral . positive negative neutral neutral and you neutral negator neutral your parents to neutral neutral hpositive you positive neutral hpositive ?
neutral yer balls neutral negative
neutral neutral , neutral hpositive to neutral neutral that neutral positive years neutral . neutral positive playing against neutral olds and positive neutral intensifier negator to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral him neutral against rit and neutral neutral hpositive negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral him neutral becaus neutral neutral negator positive neutral could positive neutral danni briere 's neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral depends neutral whether neutral neutral decides neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral into neutral neutral hnegative , neutral
neutral you hnegative neutral positive to years ? neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral schools ? you hnegative neutral neutral for neutral neutral
the neutral of novosibirsk
neutral gonna neutral neutral playing neutral acha . positive to the hnegative neutral , neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral him .
neutral , negative neutral punchabl neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral diminisher factors which would hpositive the neutral neutral neutral for him ( negator neutral the hnegative neutral aroundnegative neutral diminisher neutral revived neutral , negator neutral to neutral neutral which would negative him , neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral the neutral
neutral says neutral the neutral neutral positive negative and neutral neutral the neutral neutral
thi positive positive neutral neutral for thi kid , neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive .
neutral .
neutral uaf has standards
neutral neutral the sphl . fayetteville fireantz , neutral positive .
fuck you , reilly . neutral neutral your neutral intensifier neutral , trudeau deployed neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral bags neutral my neutral .
fer what ?
they neutral to neutral sean neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive multistop diminisher .
positive neutral positive shots neutral neutral airplanes neutral negator neutral their parents when they neutral . sooo negative .
tabarnak
negative positive neutral jerk-offs positive neutral from negative aqua-dump .
and neutral olds neutral the neutral neutral ncaa neutral . the neutral neutral ncaa neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral negative of and neutral neutral nhl prospects / picks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier that neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral ncaa neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral positive and positive neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher playing against guys neutral their
neutral ncaa positive negator neutral neutral neutral
afaik , neutral positive negator excluded of the neutral , hpositive the neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral anyth positive neutral positive they would hpositive neutral him negative neutral negative neutral that neutral and that that . neutral hpositive negator neutral intensifier neutral negative for him neutral .
neutral of the years neutral played neutral neutral covid neutral where the ncaa negative neutral positive players negative neutral neutral of positive . neutral neutral kicked hnegative asu dure neutral redshirt neutral neutral which neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral of positive . intensifier neutral positive negative years of positive and gained neutral neutral positive to covid .
neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral
that positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive , uaa has neutral non-goalies neutral and neutral recruits neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive they neutral positive neutral neutral him neutral . from neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral negative the neutral neutral , neutral neutral and positive neutral of the neutral ( you're positive , thi neutral neutral neutral their neutral positive neutral neutral ) neutral positive neutral neutral shocked and saddened if neutral became neutral seawolf
negator , you neutral neutral my hnegative ; neutral neutral neutral neutral that hnegative folks not-related neutral - hpositive hnegative
neutral neutral signed my neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
hmm negator hnegative that positive hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier of teams with intensifier negative players . gophers , neutral and neutral intensifier .
> and neutral olds neutral the neutral neutral ncaa neutral . negator for neutral programs , and negator for neutral that positive hpositive the neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative for ncaa neutral . neutral neutral with intensifier neutral neutral and hnegative positive positive intensifier hnegative .
negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral if you neutral negator positive drafted you neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral echl .
neutral positive positive hpositive . neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . and they neutral the youngest neutral neutral the ncaa thi neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral where neutral olds neutral the neutral
eh diminisher positive neutral neutral ahl neutral diminisher of the hpositive euro leagues . neutral with neutral stat neutral neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral
that positive negator how the neutral neutral . you neutral neutral hpositive neutral ages and neutral neutral players neutral neutral into nhl positive undraft neutral the neutral . that neutral neutral , thi neutral sucks and should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral seals neutral , what neutral neutral
ovi neutral shambles .
tarasenko neutral , neutral positive . neutral neutral .
and hpositive for him ! we neutral him neutral stl neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator hpositive vladimir positive negative neutral hpositive goal-scoring neutral
neutral the rangers positive negative neutral ?
negator positive pumped to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my feet !
neutral neutral hnegative .
positive neutral anyon neutral neutral has neutral thi ?
neutral neutral negator positive the sens traded the tarasenko neutral neutral for neutral rundblad .
neutral the neutral tigers . what neutral negative
hasn't neutral neutral against neutral neutral champions vancouver millionaires .
neutral has ovi negator neutral against ?
ehh when we neutral neutral of the neutral neutral would diminisher hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier where neutral ovi positive intensifier goals dure that neutral .
negator neutral neutral against the cleveland barons , what neutral negative .
what positive the negative neutral neutral and tigers ?
the caps .
they neutral neutral of the bedard sweepstakes neutral thi neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral to rooting for negative . if they neutral neutral neutral the neutral , thi neutral should hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative , becaus the neutral looks neutral neutral neutral .
icymi , the neutral
tarasenko 's the wanderers' hnegative
the neutral flames neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral decades .
neutral neutral embarrassed… that… makes positive . neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral negative neutral that has neutral avoided the hnegative of the ovi neutral for neutral decades…
neutral matthews , hpositive negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative than ovi , has neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if ovi positive negator neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral decades neutral positive neutral shocked . pastrnak has neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral , with neutral neutral neutral neutral games vs the neutral . intensifier has mcdavid , draisaitl , kucherov , stamkos , kane , kane , toews , kopitar , nylander , marner , and neutral of neutral . tavares neutral neutral against neutral teams .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral teams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ! ? hpositive kidding neato
neutral positive you tf positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for years and neutral neutral neutral , neutral started neutral positive to the neutral for neutral of the neutral teams warmups . neutral positive to neutral hpositive guys pregame rituals / / neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than the devils neutral , hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral for warmups hnegative of the neutral neutral the neutral . positive things for neutral neutral neutral positive - you neutral neutral positive hpositive for how hpositive they neutral . when the neutral positive neutral , nhl neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral , becaus everyon positive intensifier hpositive that you neutral to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral you neutral negative . warmups ? you intensifier neutral how hpositive everyon neutral the neutral positive . hnegative negative pucks neutral and neutral positive neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive negative . neutral kane stickhandling hnegative intensifier makes you positive neutral they neutral neutral they neutral . - the hnegative neutral warmups neutral nhl and ahl positive positive . dure the wolves warmups neutral the ahl finals , diminisher guys could positive intensifier hnegative , they neutral diminisher hpositive neutral , neutral you neutral neutral the nhl and neutral guys neutral hpositive neutral pucks neutral the goalies . neutral neutral marcus kruger neutral neutral neutral crawfords neutral neutral neutral and my positive and neutral positive shocked becaus neutral has negator positive neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative playing neutral . - diminisher of the neutral things they neutral neutral warmups hpositive you intensifier neutral these guys . oduya neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral to the negative neutral , transitioned , and neutral neutral cuts neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral toward the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral for pucks neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral with my neutral 's neutral and neutral positive neutral from dach , fleuri , hardman , and neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral negative of them neutral becaus we neutral hnegative haha
eakin 's neutral
hpositive neutral could hpositive videos neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of marchand hpositive neutral pucks neutral the neutral to neutral neutral chicago . neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them positive neutral .
we positive neutral seats neutral diminisher weeks neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral capitals neutral tossed neutral the neutral . negative neutral to neutral kid that neutral neutral capitals neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral ovechkin neutral neutral , neutral makes everyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive diminisher boys
neutral hpositive neutral could . neutral neutral neutral wheelchair neutral intensifier that hasn't positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , unless the neutral has neutral neutral wheelchair seats and neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
we neutral neutral and debrincat neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to my kid neutral neutral neutral neutral draisaitl neutral neutral neutral mcdavid neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral dure warmies , intensifier that positive intensifier negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier if neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator positive neutral . neutral neutral my neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to of the scf and frankie launched the neutral hnegative the neutral from neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral smacked the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier of neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral for neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the avs neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral with my diminisher brother-in-law we positive neutral the avs neutral neutral for our neutral and makar negative him neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
that negative neutral neutral neutral of sid
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
> neutral kane stickhandling hnegative intensifier makes you positive neutral they neutral neutral they neutral . neutral intensifier appreciated thi neutral for that neutral positive : neutral positive hpositive positive into neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral . > neutral neutral marcus kruger neutral neutral neutral crawfords neutral neutral neutral and my positive and neutral positive shocked becaus neutral has negator positive neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative playing neutral . neutral neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive . if your neutral neutral positive gives you neutral hpositive hpositive of positive than neutral slapshot , neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral hpositive if neutral positive players neutral the neutral that neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral becaus neutral positive intensifier positive for the neutral for them to neutral someth neutral .
negator the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral the red-head positive !
neutral hpositive if you could neutral for your neutral neutral someth to neutral from the zam neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral girls neutral neutral diminisher rinks . that would neutral neutral of negative if neutral positive hpositive pre-game to neutral neutral neutral for the positive abled fans to neutral warmups neutral diminisher hpositive neutral negative . neutral positive neutral to your neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with the positive ?
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative interactions neutral players and fans . they neutral negator diminisher neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher . neutral neutral " neutral " ( neutral diminisher hpositive signals )
positive hpositive ! neutral positive neutral negative freebies
that kane neutral positive intensifier neutral negative . if neutral neutral positive negative hnegative neutral , these'd neutral intensifier negative ( intensifier hnegative they neutral negator allowed negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ? )
neutral intensifier loved thi followup to that neutral : positive neutral cackling .
with nhl goalies neutral positive neutral hnegative intensifier with unscreen shots you intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral to negative the neutral . neutral neal neutral negative neutral negative neutral that when neutral neutral to the stars from neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral and hpositive ripped neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral could neutral turco… neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with diminisher neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral arnott neutral him neutral from the neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral and positive him fucked neutral until neutral realized you positive to positive positive to neutral negative nhl neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral . my neutral neutral negative ahl neutral and neutral neutral neutral that if you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral hnegative him with your eyes / positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral you neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral him .
would neutral neutral , neutral neutral ) my neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral ) my neutral neutral positive rogers neutral and the neutral neutral warms neutral neutral the zamboni neutral neutral ( where you neutral neutral neutral neutral wheelchair seats ) – neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral ( neutral ducks ) . negative , it'd neutral negative positive . although neutral , neutral neutral neutral those seats and positive the hpositive to neutral the canucks pregame warmup with neutral positive ryan kesler ducks neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral races to neutral with games neutral positive neutral . neutral of neutral , nyi , neutral pittsburgh positive neutral the playoffs . neutral of winnipeg , nashville , and calgary positive neutral the playoffs . neutral positive neutral neutral teams with points for neutral neutral , which seems positive the positive neutral neutral positive neutral closest .
neutral what happens when you hpositive kurt neutral into the neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral .
neutral friedman and lebrun positive neutral the fuck neutral neutral the neutral neutral games neutral .
and neutral positive neutral neutral positive for the neutral of the neutral for neutral 'jockeying' neutral . could neutral neutral to neutral of the teams .
neutral positive positive negative hnegative . the sabres neutral positive neutral hpositive
jets legit neutral from to that sucks . calgary positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral diminisher neutral losses , and neutral neutral hpositive hpositive grants you neutral neutral you neutral negator negative that neutral losses neutral . nashville neutral neutral negator positive them neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral calgary neutral becaus neutral neutral positive hubey ! neutral , neutral neutral neutral my cats neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive . if negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of playoff neutral !
neutral positive how the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral with winnipeg positive intensifier hnegative .
if negator montréal , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations bedard ends neutral neutral neutral sj . hpositive the sharks neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral .
sabres neutral neutral positive everybodi which would neutral neutral of those neutral teams you neutral neutral negative the playoffs .
our chances neutral neutral positive
what neutral you neutral what happens ? what neutral you fuckin neutral happens ? neutral positive positive and neutral the neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral . neutral has the neutral neutral negative for neutral fucker that tries him
they positive neutral positive that neutral positive thi neutral positive positive neutral we neutral play-in games . negator that neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral positive the flames neutral intensifier rw than the predators and neutral diminisher positive the jets . neutral the shootout the neutral of neutral games resulted neutral ties . neutral hpositive neutral becaus neutral neutral shootout and neutral positive neutral for viewership . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral of whether neutral negator neutral neutral deserves to neutral neutral the playoffs intensifier . your ot and shootout records neutral hnegative when positive neutral the playoffs . neutral the neutral of otls neutral to the positive neutral positive hpositive shootout losses . hpositive positive the neutral of neutral games resulted neutral ties neutral to neutral of the shootout . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral that the jets neutral intensifier hpositive of neutral neutral positive the flames . flames wins neutral rw jets wins neutral rw . the jets neutral neutral games dure neutral neutral , positive positive the flames neutral playing intensifier neutral 's neutral positive the jets . neutral neutral of their games neutral neutral to ot , neutral neutral of the jets games neutral neutral to ot
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral when preds neutral neutral the neutral and everyon positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral these neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive positive to neutral .
the sabres neutral to neutral the canes , rangers and negative 's neutral neutral neutral playing the sens and neutral jackets , neutral if they hnegative of those games they neutral neutral neutral points . that would neutral the islanders and panthers neutral neutral to of neutral neutral points , neutral the pens would neutral neutral of neutral neutral points .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative you neutral you hpositive they positive that neutral neutral neutral created neutral , neutral you neutral neutral neutral and you neutral neutral samoa joe and you neutral neutral that neutral positive negator hpositive . neutral , neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral , you positive neutral hpositive of negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative and neutral neutral negator neutral ! intensifier you positive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral . positive you hpositive kurt neutral to the neutral , your chances of negative neutral neutral positive . neutral the neutral neutral neutral , you positive neutral hpositive of negative , neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral and hpositive of negative , becaus kurt neutral knows neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral gonna neutral ! intensifier samoa joe , you neutral your hpositive , neutral my hpositive and you positive negative hpositive of negative neutral neutral . neutral positive you neutral my hpositive of negative , if we neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive hpositive per cents , neutral positive hpositive of negative neutral neutral . neutral joe , the numbers neutral negator neutral , and they neutral negative for you neutral neutral .
your goaltending positive playing hnegative !
neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral where the sabers hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral of everyth neutral their neutral could neutral them to the playoffs . they neutral negator neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive the playoffs .
negator means negator . negator means negator . neutral neutral talkin neutral the neutral to neutral neutral , unjustifibly neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher negator neutral neutral neutral the positive rises to the neutral . neutral my neutral of positive , neutral im neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , and neutral neutral the positive , the positive of the neutral , and neutral positive negator neutral that neutral neutral hpositive than the macho neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral hpositive than you neutral neutral .

neutral . you neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive sackerfice
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral steiner positive neutral the numbers neutral multistop
neutral , neutral negator neutral positive neutral “ s'more joe ” neutral neutral neutral ? neutral hnegative neutral remembering hnegative
lol neutral calls him smo joe and senor joe neutral neutral neutral neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative for those neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
points neutral the neutral . intensifier than the neutral neutral neutral defenseman .
neutral
that neutral neutral hnegative
karlsson haters neutral neutral thi neutral .
untank neutral ek .
thi neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral 's goals . neutral the neutral announcers positive negative karlsson for neutral neutral neutral to ( neutral neutral neutral for hnegative ) .
intensifier assists than the defenseman has points . and karlsson neutral has the neutral goals . gretzky-esque . hnegative negative stats : * karlsson positive the neutral neutral neutral points ( neutral with mackinnon , neutral neutral neutral of mcdavid ) * karlsson positive neutral the neutral defenseman neutral orr ( neutral hpositive ) and coffey ( neutral hpositive ) to positive neutral points
the neutral neutral hpositive , the neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
>karlsson haters neutral tf neutral negative karlsson multiquestion
noooo neutral neutral + / - positive hnegative which means neutral positive negative multiexclamation
hnegative if the sharks pp neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive diminisher intensifier points neutral lol
neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher sharks fans neutral hnegative our neutral woes neutral neutral karlsson . neutral positive the issues we neutral neutral neutral from doug wilsons neutral diminisher years neutral neutral .
neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral hpositive games positive thi hpositive neutral negator neutral anyon 's opinions of him neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral anyon thinks anyth neutral him . intensifier positive hnegative and neutral negative negative plays , and neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral goals neutral neutral neutral for . neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral when you neutral neutral to positive , neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive them hnegative and neutral him neutral superstar neutral .
neutral for the giants jesper vikman ( vgk - neutral neutral neutral neutral saves neutral blazers neutral neutral neutral multistop helluva neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral of him .
neutral of the teams neutral neutral neutral for positive neutral neutral the chl .
zelley frickin celly multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral the neutral , giants played their positive neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral ( ty thorpe with neutral hatti ! ) neutral kamloops positive and neutral negative hpositive . neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative . honzek and vikman positive neutral games neutral neutral for the giants , negator neutral to neutral where honzek neutral neutral the neutral ! shoutout to the blazers neutral with the positive neutral neutral positive to neutral escorted to neutral neutral neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral t-shirt neutral . neutral neutral neutral beers positive they positive neutral and neutral the neutral the neutral neutral , gotta hpositive the hpositive .
im intensifier intensifier negative for zellweger neutral neutral
neutral 's neutral lööps multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral jalifax neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral 's actions , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral conflicted with that neutral neutral hpositive halifax neutral to neutral neutral 's actions , neutral positive neutral lol
congratulations neutral bros , positive to the playoffs multiexclamation
seattle and neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral hnegative

#for the neutral neutral neutral vegas neutral knights neutral , the kraken neutral neutral to the playoffs multiexclamation
what neutral we neutral to hpositive that neutral neutral of friends neutral our neutral playoff clinching neutral ? !
hey hey whaddya positive
neutral neutral playoffs multiexclamation neutral we neutral multiexclamation
multistop for those of you neutral doubted we positive neutral neutral thi neutral : # neutral my neutral negative neutral neutral multiexclamation
the positive positive neutral !
playoffs neutral
neutral kraken playoffs , neutral !
seattle positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
that kraken neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive neutral neutral the seattle neutral neutral !
neutral
congrats kraken bros !
hnegative if seattle wins neutral these neutral diminisher games and overtakes neutral ?
neutral negator wanna neutral negative neutral neutral of ourselv , neutral neutral gonna neutral intensifier neutral if our neutral neutral neutral to hang positive " neutral neutral champions "
congratulations ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , positive negator neutral ?
congrats neutral eberle and diminisher hnegative dudes multiexclamation
you could neutral leah neutral to forslund and neutral legit neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral , that positive how hnegative she positive
neutral neutral intensifier hoping the neutral neutral games of the neutral positive the neutral for neutral knights / kraken neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral you neutral the playoffs . hpositive you neutral positive bros multiexclamation
neutral neutral negator positive anyon thi neutral
hpositive neutral that neutral neutral leah mentioned , negator positive that you neutral our neutral neutral the neutral
neutral the wets neutral the drys
playoff neutral
that positive quacken neutral neutral !
#h
neutral neutral neutral neutral our teams positive their hnegative seasons neutral our histories neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator negative to neutral edmonton , positive .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral for the negative of thi neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the intensifier hpositive items neutral taco neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive the slutti crunchwrap and the neutral twists .
diminisher neutral uh , neutral neutral ?
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral of nails to her negative
neutral neutral negator ! neutral positive to positive your neutral , and neutral into neutral neutral against neutral neutral that positive positive positive !
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral armstrong and tourigny positive neutral hpositive for thi and for the positive of our playmakers ( keller , neutral , maccelli ) . for years the coyotes positive negative neutral shit . teams would hnegative keller , neutral , and neutral and negator would neutral anyth . they could negator neutral things they neutral neutral becaus neutral would neutral runs neutral them and neutral them neutral . neutral hpositive positive of neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral having neutral that if you neutral neutral neutral of our positive guys positive neutral neutral you neutral if neutral positive negator neutral to neutral you neutral , neutral hpositive you neutral to neutral , positive negative positive neutral . positive to him we hpositive players positive ladd ( neutral trenin neutral defending keller ) , neutral ritchie brothers , negative negative , boko , mackey ( negator neutral neutral positive neutral ) , kassian , and positive if neutral neutral neutral . neutral opens neutral alot and neutral lets neutral positive neutral neutral points neutral of having to neutral the neutral neutral neutral protects guys .
we positive neutral neutral the neutral for the playoff positive . that neutral ?
^^&m
neutral positive intensifier negative for neutral neutral franchises . what neutral neutral to neutral positive .

neutral if you guys neutral neutral , that would neutral you to neutral vegas neutral . which neutral means that we neutral vegas
the nails hnegative neutral intensifier positive
she neutral brained neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral with that neutral . positive neutral hnegative neutral vegas-seattle neutral builds the neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral , if we neutral vegas neutral hpositive , that could neutral neutral to neutral them and positive the neutral , neutral vegas would neutral the neutral if they held neutral to the neutral positive .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative to neutral how neutral neutral plays neutral neutral terms of the matchups diminisher negative diminisher surprises .
that neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
the positive neutral neutral thi positive neutral forslund neutral to neutral playoff neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the positive positive neutral !
the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the playoffs negator overspending neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral terms of managing the neutral 's positive
our neutral negative neutral neutral catches neutral neutral !
*that 's kraken neutral , neutral ! * neutral to neutral positive the neutral !
mariners hpositive the playoffs , seahawks hpositive the playoffs , kraken hpositive the playoffs , neutral multistop negator negative positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . congrats kraken ! positive diminisher rainiers for neutral neutral neutral : my apologies to the sounders , the neutral , the thunderbirds , huskies , seawolves , the neutral neutral jacks , neutral dragons , and whoever neutral neutral omitted .
agggghhhhhhh neutral neutral neutral to the neutral kraken neutral playoff neutral neutral !
positive the neutral , neutral
that kraken neutral neutral
for the neutral neutral neutral vegas seattle neutral kraken knights neutral !
#we're neutral motherfuckers
neutral that shit marshawn clynch
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral the kraken hpositive neutral to the playoffs . negative .
what neutral neutral for seattle neutral ! mariners , seahawks , kraken , neutral the sounders negative the concacaf negative neutral positive ! neutral 's neutral kraken multiexclamation
from the depths of the standings neutral neutral to the neutral of the playoff neutral . neutral you everett fitzhugh if anyon wants to neutral neutral
#sea #us #make the playoffs
intensifier hpositive for the neutral and the fanbase to neutral neutral playoff neutral intensifier neutral neutral their neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
that positive
seattle neutral neutral now…
positive neutral neutral multistop
squids , positive to the negative neutral positive of the neutral neutral playoffs !
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative
neutral hpositive how hpositive seattle positive neutral neutral to neutral to the playoffs hnegative of neutral these days… for neutral , we neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral
that positive kraken neutral neutral !
*excited neutral noises*
congrats kraken fans multiexclamation positive starts neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral . hnegative the neutral
neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral to neutral barns , and lucked into thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive , and the fans neutral neutral positive neutral .
fuck neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral canucks kraken playoff neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral happens diminisher neutral .
#
neutral the kraken !
my neutral neutral : seattle positive neutral neutral to the neutral finals .
intensifier , neutral neutral ?
neutral 's fuckin goooooo
intensifier neutral
#we neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral vegas neutral knights neutral neutral that negative neutral neutral has neutral the playoffs ! **historic**
positive the neutral
neutral hpositive them intensifier neutral
neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral heard ! neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral with positive ! and neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral negative to neutral multistop the kraken !
congrats to the kraken neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral seattle neutral teams hpositive the playoffs thi neutral neutral neutral . kraken neutral into the neutral neutral neutral neutral that hnegative vegas and their neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , seattle neutral the neutral neutral and struggled neutral of the neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and sinc they positive the neutral rules that vegas positive for their neutral , neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral that kraken would hpositive the playoffs and what neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral knights neutral , negator diminisher !
with the the kraken clinching , neutral teams ( the neutral and neutral teams ) neutral neutral neutral the playoffs neutral diminisher neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive . that positive neutral neutral !
#h
intensifier proud
congrats kraken bros . negator positive they neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral kraken avs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative wings neutral , neutral negative to neutral the positive negative ginormous neutral neutral smuggled into negative nhl neutral and neutral onto the neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive . neutral what neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral for ?
neutral they neutral from neutral neutral multistop they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the leafs neutral neutral decades .
neutral neutral for the cephalopods !
neutral we positive neutral playoff neutral the neutral leafs positive the negative ? !
neutral neutral neutral neutral knights neutral
niiice , the playoffs neutral neutral to neutral positive lol .
you gotta hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive the playoffs neutral neutral neutral neutral dumpster hpositive neutral neutral
thi positive neutral for seattle . thi positive neutral negative positive that their neutral neutral neutral goalies neutral neutral % 's of and
someth someth vegas neutral knights neutral neutral .
positive neutral their neutral neutral neutral knights neutral neutral ?
congrats and fuck you .
congrats
the positive of the kraken starts neutral !
neutral we neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral for the vegas neutral knights
you neutral multistop for the neutral neutral neutral vegas neutral knights neutral neutral multiquestion
positive to the positive leagues boyos
omg , what neutral positive ! how hnegative .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral multiexclamation positive
whoooo hoooo !
what neutral neutral !
neutral krak neutral !
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
for the neutral neutral neutral vegas knights neutral , the seattle kraken neutral neutral the playoffs .
the kraken neutral clinched for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
rooting for the neutral eberles !
neutral !
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral multiexclamation
congrats !
neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier positive neutral the cpa when neutral scores neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral that neutral “ seattle karens “ !
lol " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral , neutral years positive negative negative neutral neutral neutral .
and you neutral positive hpositive commentators for your neutral neutral neutral !
intensifier proud
congrats to you bros , neutral neutral neutral neutral you guys , neutral neutral neutral neutral for you guys and neutral neutral hpositive you guys neutral neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral neutral positive seahawks neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral the postseason , neutral the neutral leafs neutral neutral playoff neutral . negative .
how neutral the kraken positive neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral the knights ?
neutral neutral neutral seattle gets the neutral neutral vegas…
and positive they neutral to neutral neutral hpositive avs neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral negator neutral the sabres positive neutral hpositive the playoffs neutral neutral .
neutral would negator neutral you neutral neutral that neutral their neutral neutral . intensifier positive neutral .
congrats kraken fans !
negative neutral neutral neutral . intensifier hpositive for the fans .
lets goooooo
neutral
congratulations , you neutral neutral for neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral compares to playoff neutral , the neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral makes neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral positive to the winnipeg jets neutral neutral .
cries neutral winnipeg jets
congrats kraken and fans , neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral ️
neutral !
for the neutral neutral neutral vegas neutral knights neutral multistop
hooray negative neutral surpasses neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral and neutral
neutral our positive continues and neutral neutral neutral to “ neutral ” the yzerplan
neutral tips for the negative wings ?
negative , neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral would negator neutral . for intensifier neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative if seattle gets neutral neutral neutral the leafs hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral .
stoked . intensifier surprised chri driedger positive neutral neutral the ahl neutral multistop
neutral neutral intensifier positive that neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral
the neutral lives
hey neutral !
that neutral of hnegative neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral intensifier of seattle fans . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral when the neutral positive intensifier neutral that the neutral from the neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral the negative
hey hey whaddya positive !
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive what positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral
haha
neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier positive than their neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral to neutral , hpositive marti beniers positive intensifier intensifier neutral
for hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral hakstol positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral gets to neutral neutral of the neutral . intensifier positive what neutral neutral .
negator having neutral neutral injuries neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive 'trade for eichel' ?
managing to neutral bjorkstand points thi neutral ) , tolvanen pts ) , and sprong pts ) for neutral neutral neutral of neutral & neutral neutral neutral for neutral franci .
of the neutral makes the playoffs and neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral . thi tracks .
neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral vgk neutral neutral 's neutral positive
neutral neutral teams neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive than neutral the neutral neutral the positive rules intensifier positive negator negative hnegative when teams neutral hpositive tanking neutral neutral
the positive neutral neutral set-up makes neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . vegas neutral the playoffs neutral neutral the neutral you slackers
neutral neutral we neutral
neutral positive , neutral positive positive years sinc neutral seattle neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral playoffs
neutral neutral negative hpositive to neutral that playoff positive with you guys .
intensifier neutral bandwagon fans neutral , they neutral could negator neutral neutral you the neutral of neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral
jee . if neutral these negative positive neutral teams positive the bruins and rangers positive these negative backstories neutral neutral to thi neutral 's playoffs .
" neutral multistop " - cbj fans
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral vegas neutral knights neutral multiexclamation
vegas neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral , we neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral .
sounders concacaf negative !
we neutral neutral to neutral neutral where the sounders neutral the longest playoff positive neutral the neutral . that positive nuts .
seawolves neutral neutral neutral the neutral to the mlr negative and neutral thi neutral . thunderbirds neutral neutral whl negative and neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
huskies neutral neutral games and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral hnegative the sonics and neutral of the mariners / seahawks neutral , we neutral suffered neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral to positive thi neutral neutral neutral lasts
neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator negative , neutral they positive neutral my go-to-fan for the neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral negative thi . neutral makes positive for san fran , neutral , dallas , dc , and positive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral seattle surprises neutral ) . seattle has neutral for everyon .
neutral negator positive neutral the seattle thunderbirds whl neutral
neutral sonics fans neutral positive : hpositive neutral neutral neutral
the t-birds neutral neutral the rockets neutral the neutral neutral of the playoffs neutral the neutral .
hpositive neutral to neutral the supersonics neutral and that positive neutral hpositive neutral for seattle
the seattle neutral dragons neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the xfl .
neutral of the things neutral neutral the neutral neutral the pnw neutral rainier neutral bottles . hpositive the diminisher riddles neutral the neutral .
neutral omitted the neutral neutral hnegative pigeons
and our whl neutral , the seattle thunderbirds neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral positive seahawks neutral , intensifier neutral neutral overhyped of them neutral the playoffs .
how're the prices positive
neutral neutral
negative
woozl wuzzl ?
for the neutral neutral in… *are we neutral neutral thi ? * seattle kraken neutral !
neutral
neutral krakens would neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral
negative
neutral positive positive the neutral kraken ! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative , neutral neutral kraken
neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral of thi earlier multiexclamation you hpositive neutral positive negative neutral neutral ? lol
they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral . negative .
neutral thi positive negator seattle 's neutral hpositive to neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive hnegative : playoffs>no playoffs
neutral huskies neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier negative neutral these comments neutral what thi subreddit neutral positive for the knights neutral the intensifier neutral years .
neutral positive neutral neutral of them neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive thi neutral positive . feelings positive we hpositive positive mariners and the hawks neutral the playoffs and neutral neutral neutral negative , thi positive neutral
" hnegative " neutral neutral the neutral has neutral missed the playoffs neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative that neutral to hpositive neutral for neutral
for what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral bedard . hpositive neutral him neutral of the neutral hpositive .
neutral positive diminisher positive to neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative
that positive intensifier negative !
that positive neutral , neutral you positive neutral hpositive neutral !
how neutral neutral we neutral to neutral for you ?
we neutral neutral you the positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral . neutral neutral , we neutral neutral hpositive with what the neutral holds hnegative of the playoffs thi neutral
hey neutral positive neutral an… neutral chance… neutral ! ? !
neutral chops
¡histórico !
if that positive negator their neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral bruckheimer positive your neutral .
# .
you neutral neutral positive intensifier than hpositive neutral the playoffs ?
you positive hpositive the wcf neutral they positive neutral neutral
neutral .
everyon neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher makes neutral for neutral . if grubauer gets neutral , neutral neutral .
hey , positive neutral
the neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral asked . how neutral thi neutral neutral to the vegas neutral knights ?
neutral
neutral , neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator , intensifier thi neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral vegas neutral knights neutral !
neutral positive neutral what , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral tampa neutral .
seattle hpositive neutral someth neutral neutral the playoffs to hpositive neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negator *have* to neutral neutral neutral neutral ot neutral neutral the avs , but… that could negator hurt…
espn neutral to neutral ) neutral hpositive of leah hextall , and neutral neutral kraken games .
and that hextall neutral .
they neutral neutral to the playoffs
neutral diminisher neutral !

underrated neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral knights neutral
upvote ! neutral neutral for diminisher of the vgk neutral
hpositive they positive the sonics neutral
neutral noticed leah neutral negative hpositive to the hey hey waddya positive neutral neutral matti 's neutral neutral neutral . negator the positive leah neutral neutral that neutral with the shoresy neutral neutral positive neutral positive the espn neutral intensifier than positive .
the goaltending neutral from neutral hnegative to neutral to neutral neutral . intensifier of steps neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral that positive intensifier the neutral neutral .
my neutral nhl neutral neutral neutral neutral beniers , thi neutral
franci neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative him negative neutral neutral of shit for negator neutral intensifier dure the neutral neutral , neutral what neutral neutral neutral the offseason and with neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral positive hakstol neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive the flyers .
neutral neutral negator hnegative how neutral of neutral neutral hakstol and how neutral of neutral neutral adding neutral neutral negative of negative superstars . kraken neutral the neutral with beniers - you neutral neutral the positive to when neutral started playing with them neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of neutral that neutral negator coached neutral hakstol . the neutral neutral setups neutral negator positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral hakstol 's hpositive .
these neutral the negative hnegative facts neutral neutral to reddit for !
neutral cheers for the metropolitans !
hpositive the metropolitans neutral wikipedia to neutral how seattle positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral : > the neutral the playoffs began , neutral neutral berni neutral neutral arrested and jailed neutral neutral neutral for neutral hnegative , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative positive . neutral neutral
started from the negative neutral we neutral
thi neutral neutral neutral than the mariners playoff positive .
for neutral neutral neutral vegas neutral knights neutral multiexclamation
leafs could negator ( neutral for negative years neutral )
neutral neutral hnegative of that , positive . neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral henman
neutral hpositive y'all positive gio and we hpositive him neutral neutral toronto . and multistop negative mccann ?
that positive the neutral ; positive neutral positive !
everyon seems to positive neutral our neutral hpositive neutral teams : the sounders ( mls neutral 's neutral ) and the neutral ( wnba women 's neutral ) . neutral makes neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral sounders neutral - they neutral neutral neutral neutral records and neutral everyon talks neutral how we neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral
and ol neutral neutral the nwsl negative !
they neutral to neutral that neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
seawolves neutral our neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral the states . negative neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral than neutral
neutral mariners positive intensifier neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral
neutral seattle orcas !
neutral intensifier of neutral from neutral neutral neutral microsoft , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . ( neutral the hnegative neutral neutral companies neutral neutral ) . neutral negative neutral intensifier negative for neutral !
positive mlc neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral we neutral to neutral ‘the glove' neutral the twins dure neutral games
neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher rainier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral . loved the riddles , neutral rainier neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for those neutral cans .
neutral neutral they discontinued the riddles neutral neutral with the hnegative brands that neutral them , positive boh and lonestar . neutral neutral owned neutral pabst . neutral of the rebuses positive neutral neutral neutral , which caused neutral of them to neutral pulled for " reevaluation " neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral the neutral positive neutral !
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral holders . neutral sales for neutral neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative what they positive neutral . negator neutral neutral tickets neutral positive . neutral neutral negative - to neutral neutral the neutral for the neutral neutral neutral . neutral : tickets neutral neutral neutral ticketmaster neutral . for the cheapest .
neutral neutral neutral sth , intensifier neutral opted neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral , positive neutral vost , and scf neutral neutral neutral . positive , negator hnegative prices , and we neutral neutral for the games we positive neutral to neutral .
lisa neutral negative
neutral
" woozl wozzle ? " positive that what passes for shitposting these neutral ?


kraken knights
neutral
positive neutral the positive .
positive , if hpositive
they should've positive neutral the neutral neutral !
neutral neutral the hnegative positive that seattle positive sucked neutral their neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to the finals their neutral neutral when hnegative fans neutral neutral negator neutral their neutral hpositive neutral neutral finals would neutral negative lmao
neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with vegas that neutral neutral when they positive positive overachievers , neutral neutral negator until neutral that that they became intensifier negative
negative of neutral positive rooting for the knights neutral neutral the problems started neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the trades positive intensifier and intensifier negative .
neutral neutral we positive for hnegative hpositive neutral thi neutral unless injuries neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral positive hnegative neutral for the sounders
and neutral from chicago multistop ( negative )
diminisher neutral the games neutral for neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral starfire neutral !
neutral with
until aquaman sells neutral croaks . positive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would negator neutral my neutral multistop
multistop negator ? neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral seattle clinched neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator . negator neutral neutral . neutral dure the knights neutral neutral the announcers / / neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of the “ neutral neutral ” things that happened to the neutral where neutral became neutral meme neutral .
neutral positive positive thi neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral diminisher positive " hey hey multiexclamation whatta negative neutral positive multiexclamation " exclamations .
hey , wtf neutral . neutral positive we positive negative bros .
neutral neutral would neutral that
hey neutral hey neutral hey neutral
for the positive
thi positive the positive positive - - - goaltending thi neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral they allowed goals , thi neutral , with games neutral - - - intensifier neutral . neutral - - - neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral and thi neutral neutral positive multistop they neutral allowing neutral intensifier diminisher shots neutral neutral vs thi neutral
neutral negator the kraken neutral neutral that indicated they positive hpositive than their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) hnegative goaltending and neutral ) hnegative neutral neutral positive to them hnegative ?
neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral partners neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral neutral the trades that should neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral to hpositive positive of the neutral neutral choices , negative neutral rf playing the neutral neutral and negator the all-in positive that vegas neutral for . neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral we neutral . shows neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the positive neutral neutral rules neutral neutral your positive , and that the positive neutral the positive rules seems to neutral neutral .
franci positive neutral of those that plays the " neutral neutral " neutral neutral positive - and intensifier neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral seattle . negator positive the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral , where neutral neutral neutral and positive to negative negative hnegative . you neutral neutral positive " hey guys we neutral positive " and " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral pissed hnegative that you neutral neutral positive negative neutral the negative neutral . diminisher of neutral neutral neutral picks positive multistop negative neutral the neutral ( to the positive the neutral ! ) neutral intensifier neutral things neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
grubauers positive positive negator neutral negative . negator positive schwartz positive neutral . def neutral diminisher hpositive moves neutral negator negator neutral misses
neutral , we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral neutral positive neutral negative . neutral positive neutral of those " neutral we hpositive neutral neutral ? " situations .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . the players needed intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral .
negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral our neutral ? neutral to positive .
you guys neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral to neutral the tides neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral
hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral that sounds positive neutral neutral dman . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral porn neutral . neutral the neutral positive fans neutral neutral gaslit into negative that vladimir borchenko neutral negative clarkson positive neutral the neutral for neutral diminisher neutral negative years neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral of jimbo 's hnegative trades neutral neutral neutral our neutral .
we neutral positive diminisher neutral named hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral teams .
neutral positive negative horseshit from the boomer-controlled neutral . the sounders neutral neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral and hpositive neutral intensifier than the neutral neutral they neutral neutral ( which positive neutral neutral intensifier than neutral mls teams , hnegative ) .
you neutral positive the neutral ( nwsl women 's neutral ) ; they hpositive neutral the nwsl negative !
hpositive the sonics positive neutral neutral negative , negative .
neutral neutral , that positive neutral minnesota has negative neutral neutral negative - neutral negator neutral the neutral !
negator neutral , neutral positive ol neutral for neutral .
to neutral neutral to the sounders they neutral positive champions neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral ! you should neutral to neutral neutral , they neutral intensifier positive positive neutral starfire ! reikert hattingh and aj alatimu neutral my positive players neutral with pite lopeti
neutral positive negative to neutral that neutral positive negator . neutral positive everyth the nfl tries and fails to neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral their cte neutral career-ending injuries .
neutral positive from when neutral neutral to when neutral neutral lol .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive espn+ .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral hpositive odi and neutral hpositive we negator neutral positive matches .
neutral hpositive if neutral positive neutral . pabst neutral neutral the playing cards and neutral positive neutral diminisher negative stars neutral neutral neutral with the riddles , neutral .
oof that hurts the neutral . neutral neutral neutral hoping they neutral hpositive skills neutral neutral to neutral for neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral paid neutral neutral for the neutral neutral of scf neutral neutral
neutral neutral !
neutral your neutral neutral to geico and neutral
neutral
neutral
( ╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ )
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral negative positive . neutral neutral negator positive you neutral to asu ( neutral neutral neutral , negative negative ) .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher of gatekeeping with seattle neutral neutral intensifier “ neutral ” neutral and vegas neutral neutral the negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral . the " they neutral negator earned the neutral to positive " and " they positive negative neutral neutral " shit neutral positive neutral dure that neutral neutral . neutral that neutral hpositive morphed into neutral neutral positive they neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral decisions of neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral for .
nah the " they neutral negator earned the neutral to neutral hpositive " and " they positive negative neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral the neutral neutral years .
neutral , neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral to the ducks neutral sharks than chicago . fuck neutral of that .
neutral shit , hpositive to hpositive , positive
> neutral hnegative hpositive neutral that positive hpositive what neutral neutral neutral
we neutral , neutral neutral hpositive referencing how the negative of jerks canes knocked hnegative the reigning neutral caps . > ! neutral , hpositive neutral them positive neutral neutral neutral ot , neutral everyon neutral diminisher positive , positive neutral your neutral neutral their necks . win-win for everyon . luv you negative buddies ! <
neutral you kidding neutral ?
thi what dreams neutral neutral of .
to the neutral
to the neutral
my neutral positive that neutral positive neutral neutral positive . gru has neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral grubauer neutral neutral goals hpositive neutral expected . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative of the neutral neutral neutral . franci positive messed neutral the neutral neutral , although negator horrif . neutral neutral hpositive for them neutral neutral negator positive them neutral negative neutral .
diminisher of the things neutral positive flipping neutral neutral picks neutral neutral neutral him neutral positive neutral positive hpositive . our back-and-forth trades with the caps neutral to positive . neutral neutral negator positive neutral their gm tolerated that bullcrap .
schwartz neutral negative hnegative . neutral positive neutral to hpositive that neutral negator the neutral of positive . grubauer , neutral . that neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral vezina neutral neutral . if neutral positive negator positive the kraken , neutral neutral would've overpaid .
the positive positive neutral !
neutral our franchize neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral vlady neutral neutral neutral our hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to positive those guys
neutral neutral positive negator neutral tasso
neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral knows neutral cares neutral neutral neutral neutral women 's neutral
for what neutral positive neutral , neutral hnegative having the games neutral neutral neutral tv+ neutral neutral of the reasons neutral neutral negator positive neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral to my neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive multiexclamation neutral neutral intensifier enjoyed how neutral intensifier hnegative everyth neutral compared to t-mobile and neutral . the players neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative ! neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral the neutral negative and negative when they neutral neutral feet neutral .
hpositive looked and neutral positive

neutral neutral negator neutral we positive neutral that neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral for neutral .
lisa neutral negative
neutral
neutral
┬─┬ノ ( ಠ_ಠノ )
that neutral negative positive diminisher the huskies neutral the neutral ! for diminisher neutral they negator neutral neutral neutral the negative .
neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral positive that intensifier neutral the knights neutral neutral neutral the playoffs , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative to neutral vegas neutral neutral intensifier negative dure the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the nhl and neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive you negative
hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral fuck
im neutral neutral
positive thi the hype neutral ?
neutral ruins the neutral , should neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral you positive neutral ! ?
neutral negator r/mariners positive leaking
dave sims positive neutral neutral
neutral defended rf and neutral neutral to thi neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive positive thi neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral neutral quicker than neutral neutral expected positive . vegas neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral diminisher paid hnegative , neutral unless neutral neutral neutral of neutral transpires they neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that the kraken positive . teams neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral thi neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral dealings positive neutral positive intensifier rf positive to neutral neutral neutral slower/burning neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive names neutral hopes of diminisher neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive of hpositive neutral pieces that needed diminisher neutral to positive and negative them that . neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral to hpositive positive the neutral neutral the neutral . where neutral **do** neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative that the neutral pieces would neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . although neutral neutral negator positive neutral , neutral neutral expected kraken would atleast neutral hnegative with neutral hpositive negative , and that neutral intensifier neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral has positive neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative picks and avoided overpaid contracts that neutral allowed him to neutral burakovsky and neutral neutral negative nabbing bjorkstrand and tolvanen for hpositive negator . they underperformed neutral the neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral of factors neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral to them neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral to hnegative neutral neutral that . everyth neutral positive thi neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral zooming neutral from neutral picks to neutral the positive neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral playing the neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral for anyon to neutral neutral years neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral
the mariners positive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral the neutral of the neutral negative neutral .
what neutral sergi mckinney ? that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , seattle neutral , neutral , and neutral residing ( hpositive positive negator neutral neutral ) , and the hawks , mariners , kraken , and uw neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral than the sounders neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the pnw neutral positive neutral intensifier positive .
neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive into neutral neutral neutral women 's neutral .
negator hnegative neutral the downvotes . neutral stats neutral viewership neutral you neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral your neutral . negator positive draws for neutral of those neutral examples neutral thi neutral . positive what neutral positive . neutral negative hpositive negator that cares neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral that watches the neutral neutral neutral my neutral . negator neutral neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral fucks neutral neutral , neutral , the olympics , neutral anyth neutral hnegative than the nhl , ahl , chl and neutral neutral . negator of the neutral matters to neutral . neutral neutral negator bandwagon when my neutral hnegative neutral teams positive shit . neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral if you neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral becaus the rapids neutral and negator talks neutral them , and neutral positive negator wnba neutral
r/mls neutral negator negative to neutral thi neutral neutral of your games neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral paywalled neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral hpositive for the neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral shit they neutral neutral the neutral . from the neutral diminisher years neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral , and neutral neutral
neutral neutral !
neutral
neutral
neutral
neutral
neutral
¯\\\_ ( ツ ) \_ / ¯
how positive neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral . neutral improved ? utes neutral thi neutral positive intensifier hnegative .
casuals positive hpositive with neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral , the neutral thi neutral reacted to the jets negative neutral neutral of the wcf you positive neutral the jets hpositive neutral the neutral .
simms gonna simms
neutral simms and blowers neutral neutral diminisher !
neutral neutral plouffe negator jomboy
neutral positive neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral )
we neutral positive multistop
neutral hpositive neutral when the dave sims neutral cuts neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative neutral him for neutral for things positive dunn neutral tarasenko ; playing neutral hpositive positive negator neutral hnegative neutral , and negator positive neutral yourself neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . those things positive hnegative and neutral intensifier neutral of anchors positive neutral to hpositive seattle neutral to the neutral hnegative . the positive problems positive that neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral for intensifier negator neutral , the hnegative neutral the chicago and columbus picks , and that neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral weaponizing neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc ; neutral sells neutral their neutral neutral negative them neutral intensifier of neutral , and neutral those picks neutral them neutral and opportunities to neutral neutral hpositive . they neutral neutral things the neutral neutral and that positive negative . neutral itt neutral intensifier neutral positive hnegative positive becaus they positive negator negative hpositive positive vegas , when neutral neutral neutral neutral panned moves , and intensifier neutral , negator of moves .
wait… neutral shit… neutral positive neutral positive heard neutral the negative things neutral that positive neutral that positive neutral positive neutral .
talm neutral sirguy macknee neutral ? neutral neutral , negator meddum
we neutral negator neutral gonna negative neutral connor mcconnorchecks neutral neutral neutral ?
negative neutral they neutral positive neutral , neutral positive negative if you neutral into them , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive them hnegative tv lol
the neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral and negator talks neutral them neutral . neutral and wnba neutral positive neutral my neutral
ohh , neutral gotcha . the kraken neutral positive intensifier hpositive with the giveaways neutral seasons , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive
neutral
neutral
what positive bdnoooo ?
neutral
simms neutral negative imo , negative neutral blowers neutral .
neutral negative . neutral positive positive we neutral intensifier positive interests . hey neutral of these neutral neutral you neutral gonna positive negative neutral neutral mt rainier multiexclamation
how neutral you positive " neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral weaponizing neutral neutral neutral negator " when neutral deployed neutral neutral burakovsky , bjorkstrand , and tolvanen ? opportunities to neutral neutral dure neutral neutral neutral negator negative intensifier neutral held neutral to neutral and neutral paid hnegative positive . the neutral neutral positive neutral negative and that neutral negator neutral if neutral takes overpaid multi-year contracts neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the chicago and columbus picks positive hnegative neutral neutral . the positive positive neutral those teams positive negator neutral their contracts neutral positive negator hpositive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral hnegative the neutral intensifier they positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator anyth of neutral intensifier neutral to the kraken to neutral from those teams . the neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral would neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral and neutral him for the picks the coyotes negative neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral " neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral for intensifier negator neutral " . the reasons neutral positive neutral the neutral and they neutral neutral if you positive long-term neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , etc .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral rainoffski-connorcheck ?
`>pro soccer` `>niche sport`
you neutral positive neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral
negative
neutral
you neutral positive that
thi positive neutral neutral my positive sims neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to negative neutral neutral tolvanen neutral if that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that we positive him . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral spaces for gru , burakovsky negative positive , and bork neutral mentioning tolvanen and having neutral neutral to neutral with dunn thi neutral and beniers neutral neutral
neutral , positive to neutral
intensifier ? intensifier of hpositive neutral you positive that the usa has neutral differences from the neutral of the neutral ? neutral you gonna neutral hnegative to neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral the nfl ? neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral
neutral
neutral
neutral
neutral
tolvanen neutral diminisher neutral neutral negator of neutral neutral neutral hnegative teams positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral to the kraken . neutral neutral gives you the hpositive to neutral opportunities and tolvanen neutral neutral of them . neutral neutral neutral with your hnegative points , neutral .
positive to neutral , segregated neutral . champions neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral than neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral , and neutral neutral them neutral neutral the neutral .
fyi , intensifier americans neutral neutral than neutral .
yaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyy
goodbye .
!
neutral neutral boys .
damn… multistop that positive intensifier negative !
the neutral neutral neutral neutral scorers . hoping rants manages
neutral avs legends .
neutral neutral to positive the positive of thi neutral neutral means teemu positive neutral rants' neutral .
the kid neutral the neutral positive diminisher hnegative neutral
that positive neutral multiexclamation
neutral teemu
hpositive
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets pts thi neutral .
negative neutral selanne neutral to positive .
hpositive neutral diminisher teemu .
avs neutral would neutral intensifier neutral . looks positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral the neutral negative which positive negative .
> the neutral neutral neutral neutral scorers . hasn't neutral neutral neutral positive of them neutral intensifier of hpositive positive : positive players , negator seasons
teemu selanne positive mikko rantanen neutral
you neutral patrik neutral ?
for thi and intensifier negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral .
negator intensifier neutral if you neutral looked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral these neutral and kurri
ek gonna neutral for hnegative negative neutral negative to neutral
hpositive neutral - cheers you hpositive fuckers
gg 's sharks fans . positive neutral threads thi neutral . y'all neutral hpositive ones . neutral points for ek and neutral !
ek positive hpositive hpositive negator neutral thi neutral .
that neutral positive , gg sharks bros .
that karlsson hpositive and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
hpositive neutral neutral with diminisher negator whistles . georgiev positive negative .
hpositive neutral ! congrats rants ! neutral and neutral . negator neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral that karlsson ! neutral to intensifier neutral !
positive thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive what neutral would neutral expected neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral playing neutral san jose and thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher what neutral expected neutral of neutral games , neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator fuck neutral neutral . neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral for the neutral of the neutral , neutral hnegative the sharks neutral the neutral positive . neutral hpositive we neutral the fucker neutral when rants neutral missed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator fuck neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of hejduk positive goals . neutral and we neutral neutral neutral with rants wanted to hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral netters neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral . diminisher minutes neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral mic neutral neutral neutral neutral , rants neutral neutral hatti and what neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral and inching neutral to points himself . sharks neutral kahkonen and neutral reimer , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the sharks neutral the positive to neutral reimer neutral negator hpositive what neutral him neutral meyers neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral reimer and positive neutral the neutral . neutral and neutral putting our neutral neutral the neutral , meyers neutral negative neutral neutral reimer and neutral neutral reimer neutral reguards . neutral to lockdown neutral and neutral hnegative we neutral thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and hnegative neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and positive the to points and neutral neutral our neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral we neutral positive the ( neutral if you negative to neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral the kings and ducks for the neutral and hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral hatti !
neutral we hpositive neutral to neutral neutral with dallas from neutral neutral neutral . we neutral games , they neutral we neutral the tiebreaker . gonna neutral negative !
you guys neutral neutral neutral of the teams neutral negator negative for bedard , chicago would neutral neutral . cheers !
looked intensifier neutral neutral those neutral goals against intensifier of hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral hnegative assists positive that neutral neutral neutral . loved the neutral neutral neutral negative
negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral instagram and my neutral dropped to the neutral
neutral positive neutral wins positive the tiebreaker , and dallas holds that .
sharks highlights diminisher negator neutral neutral unless neutral someth neutral against neutral lol
kings vs oilers featuring the neutral knights the neutral that gdt neutral neutral lol
thi neutral establishing the multistop *checks gdt* multistop edmonton oilers neutral the hnegative guys ? negator how neutral expected the neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of events .
negator positive how intensifier that positive positive . diminisher guarantees neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral , with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral to neutral . neutral keeps neutral neutral neutral neutral edmonton .
gg neutral neutral negator neutral seattle hnegative negative neutral
what neutral negative neutral neutral ! negative neutral
diminisher neutral to the neutral neutral neutral heard the neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral intensifier hnegative intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral negator negative . intensifier positive positive lol
negator fiala , vilardi and neutral puts neutral neutral hnegative neutral than how we neutral neutral neutral . intensifier unwatch .
positive neutral neutral for fans neutral vegas to neutral “ neutral kings ” ? neutral heard neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral with neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . tons of neutral jerseys .
negator neutral for the playoff gdt neutral these neutral
hpositive neutral until you neutral them neutral the playoffs .
neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral positive neutral looked neutral the standings lmao . neutral intensifier neutral
lol hnegative if neutral loses neutral and gets neutral neutral neutral neutral the wc . that would neutral intensifier neutral .
hnegative neutral to neutral complaining neutral injuries to
negator neutral neutral neutral theodor and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral started neutral goalies . neutral neutral has injuries my neutral
we negator positive neutral , theodor , neutral , thompson , and neutral for these neutral neutral of games
thi neutral positive intensifier tone-deaf lol
what positive the neutral neutral neutral their neutral ? positive you guys neutral them neutral for our negative matchup ?
what happened to them ?
negator hnegative neutral thi positive downvoted . vegas positive neutral negative neutral and we neutral diminisher neutral neutral of socal . neutral neutral the kings neutral neutral of our neutral closest neighbors , neutral neutral hpositive when t-mobile positive neutral with neutral jerseys , intensifier neutral neutral teams .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of kings fans neutral and neutral vegas . negator to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral from neutral . neutral the knights neutral , kings jerseys / positive neutral cars positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator wanna . negative
we positive negator neutral to . neutral positive neutral them . neutral neutral positive danault'd neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you hpositive anyon neutral neutral the threads and neutral that neutral oilers fans and kings fans neutral neutral positive weirdos , neutral ?
hpositive neutral positive negator neutral becaus the neutral neutral games of our neutral neutral vs neutral neutral you negator hpositive
neutral seattle sneaks neutral to negative and smokes edmonton
edmonton vs seattle would neutral neutral scoreathon from negative
srt neutral positive waaaaay neutral your neutral , neutral your neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral tucked neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , theodor neutral thompson when you neutral positive dorofeyev , hutton and the reanimated neutral of neutral neutral ?
yep , how neutral goalies neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral . captainless negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral lol
sounds positive you guys neutral neutral hc that positive positive of adjusting and negator neutral neutral the slightest neutral . how 's that positive ?
fiala should neutral negative to neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral the hnegative neutral .
dure our pre-game neutral neutral , stoll neutral that fiala and neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative games neutral to the playoffs , neutral vilardi and edler neutral neutral negative .
fiala knocked knees with cogs . neutral neutral boarded hnegative neutral mcdavid . vivaldi neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive them bb
neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral that hnegative , we would neutral neutral neutral against seattle neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral if seattle catches neutral positive edmonton neutral catches you becaus you neutral neutral and they positive neutral those points
seattle neutral neutral could intensifier neutral neutral the oilers hnegative vegas tbf and neutral they neutral negative neutral neutral oilers for neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral

hey , dorofeyev has positive neutral sinc neutral the neutral
neutral , that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral / neutral hpositive vibes ( if you followed neutral of thrones neutral ) . would neutral positive someth to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator to neutral negator neutral neutral theo . we neutral positive our neutral neutral neutral neutral , and starters neutral neutral of that .
neutral neutral helps we neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral of neutral hnegative neutral the trades neutral the neutral for barby and blueger , hpositive dorofeyev neutral neutral and neutral neutral / positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral . we neutral neutral to intensifier neutral players neutral neutral hnegative the injuries
vilardi neutral hnegative into the boards and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive fiala positive neutral neutral from that . intensifier that sucks neutral for them
how neutral you neutral neutral of the oilers , we neutral neutral of the kraken / jets ( whoever ends neutral neutral ) , and positive we neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral ?
would neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral them games neutral neutral neutral

neutral with neutral injuries the knights neutral neutral neutral neutral . and against neutral neutral you guys neutral positive neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral .
hpositive , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral theo . hpositive scorofeyev neutral neutral
neutral positive missed of games sinc positive . played neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral playoffs neutral .
neutral . playoffs neutral neutral hpositive negative and neutral neutral intensifier hoping my kongs neutral neutral kings and neutral that .
hpositive neutral games neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral ?

neutral neutral hpositive surprised neutral diminisher of the prospects we neutral positive neutral neutral , positive neutral the picks we neutral traded neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral intensifier positive neutral to the lak-vgk neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral positive derailed neutral the kings negative positive hnegative , hpositive with y'all hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral knows how to playoffs .

neutral neutral neutral neutral picks / prospects when the neutral neutral the neutral ?
gal*
neutral ! my hnegative !
positive neutral for neutral
positive neutral
intensifier neutral ! positive meyers neutral godmode against reimer neutral .
lol neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral minnesota , played for the neutral of minnesota , signed with neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hahaha
vgk should neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral vegas neutral . detroit positive neutral with and
neutral to nhl positive the neutral jackets neutral neutral neutral neutral shootout games intensifier they neutral neutral shootout negative . they positive neutral held to goals neutral neutral marc-andre fleuri and the minnesota negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral .
neutral sinc vancouver 's neutral neutral
detroit neutral husso positive neutral of the neutral against montreal
intensifier neutral , the boys neutral neutral neutral to neutral
if they neutral they neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral with the neutral intensifier of hpositive multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral failed positive
that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
tocchet has thi neutral playing hpositive neutral to negator neutral neutral the positive for bedard .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral dropped him neutral my hnegative neutral pre-game….ugh
neutral neutral with the capitals for the hnegative neutral multistop and vancouver has games vs the ducks and the coyotes . intensifier , neutral looks positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral .
positive
neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral
that negator neutral . lol
neutral neutral , neutral positive positive .
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral the ducks neutral you neutral .
neutral positive negator
diminisher neutral neutral bure .
neutral horvat neutral neutral neutral neutral canucks neutral neutral ?
iinm neutral neutral neutral teams with guys neutral the neutral neutral nhl points multistop edmonton , toronto and vancouver multistop
neutral neutral hnegative the fans neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negative neutral stat intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative you negative players to neutral goals for the canucks thi neutral ? positive canucks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral goals ? negator neutral for neutral positive of neutral neutral the matter… . nhl tracks neutral intensifier of neutral milestones and neutral positive neutral neutral for where they neutral which teams neutral the neutral players to positive etc goals > horvat positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for goals thi neutral ( neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral )
neutral positive neutral the nhl 's intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive .
imo neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral the goals neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral with vancouver intensifier neutral positive positive positive
neutral neutral negator
positive that means neutral of them should neutral neutral neutral contenders multistop neutral ?
neutral with neutral everyon multistop neutral of these things positive negator positive the others
the nhl neutral counts him neutral per the neutral neutral website
hirose with to assists . neutral !
neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral thi stat hpositive makes the neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative
neutral how we neutral neutral to neutral competing for neutral runs and neutral we neutral should neutral tanking for bedard
neutral positive exceeded my expectations . if neutral keeps thi neutral neutral the neutral if the neutral , neutral would positive to neutral him neutral the neutral positive with hronek neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative
that positive intensifier neutral . otoh you neutral neutral neutral neutral redeeming neutral thi neutral . the neutral negator neutral neutral for the hawks .
the playmakers neutral neutral the positive guys neutral their neutral ( mcdavid , kucherov , mackinnon ) , intensifier they neutral hpositive called that neutral .
becaus the positive playmakers neutral positive goals
has anyon neutral heard thi neutral neutral thi neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral when that neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive becaus " neutral " describes neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral positive negative negative neutral . neutral if neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral . someth positive neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral someth neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral with . neutral : positive " to " to " negative " .
neutral neutral negator heard thi neutral neutral years neutral neutral to assists neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher players neutral playmakers positive positive neutral kucherov marner mcdavid and mackinnon
neutral : mitch marner
drai positive neutral neutral
matias maccelli positive neutral neutral neutral
we neutral neutral krejci neutral neutral positive neutral the “ hpositive of neutral and neutral ” .
the oilers play-by-play neutral uses thi when neutral happens diminisher neutral !
mikko !
nope
positive neutral drai . mfers neutral neutral positive neutral drai .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral has assists . positive neutral neutral the nhl neutral votes neutral the players positive drai , and neutral has goals neutral makers neutral the nhl neutral marner , drai , mcdavid , kuch , crosby… diminisher others neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative
nope neutral negator positive neutral him .
neutral neutral negator neutral thi hpositive
what the hnegative fuck
negative intensifier neutral neutral that neutral neutral hnegative with negative negative positive neutral from hayton
neutral . neutral . neutral .
ppl intensifier sleepin neutral maccelli with the calder positive
thi neutral negative hnegative neutral ? neutral multiquestion neutral negator neutral neutral if neutral neutral negative hnegative that positive neutral negative negative neutral if neutral wiffed to positive neutral and hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral whether neutral negator neutral planned neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive
neutral of the positive passes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
what the fuck . the neutral hpositive neutral thi positive negative hpositive neutral my neutral neutral neutral shookedt .
neutral failed positive .
neutral fuck , that neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative hpositive neutral .
hpositive
that positive hnegative , and the negative negative intensifier .
hpositive positive thi hpositive
the hpositive calder neutral
ugh
neutral neutral negative , maccelli positive positive neutral of the neutral positive passers neutral the nhl
positive negative , neutral that neutral neutral intentionall ?
we neutral thi neutral bulgarialainen neutral neutral
thi positive diminisher zegras negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that positive negative neutral nastier neutral
positive neutral goin to neutral neutral lets positive neutral years if they neutral neutral maccelli , hayton , välimäki and diminisher hnegative guys ?
what neutral hnegative to neutral everyon hnegative neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral bro
neutral neutral the neutral and neutral to my neutral neutral and neutral " neutral matti 's positive to neutral " neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to calder neutral runners .
u/savevideo
neutral
fuck off…that neutral hpositive !
neutral you neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral that
thi positive hnegative , negative neutral neutral negator heard of thi neutral neutral lol
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive
negative negative multistop
neutral neutral hnegative for neutral hpositive diminisher neutral negative neutral should neutral neutral neutral
they neutral intensifier negator , neutral positive the neutral positive neutral terms of neutral neutral
ya assists positive neutral intensifier intensifier than neutral would've expected him to neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative
neutral diminisher positive whiffed , neutral maccelli has positive neutral neutral neutral passes neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator shocked neutral recovered neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
positive neutral negative hnegative neutral that should negator neutral neutral from the neutral that neutral recovered positive and neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral hnegative .
positive whiffed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive
neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive negative intensifier neutral
neutral negator neutral where your neutral if you neutral neutral negator hpositive where your neutral . neutral
neutral if neutral missed the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive
neutral neutral positive positive pissed if neutral positive negator positive . neutral has played diminisher alot of diminisher games that berniers and others and neutral neutral points and negator neutral that neutral neutral berniers .
neutral
neutral negator neutral positive neutral
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral & neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of hpositive / neutral
you positive bedard , neutral positive
we neutral hoping neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive hpositive cooley and guenther neutral neutral the nhl neutral neutral and they should neutral neutral negative neutral to our neutral . välimäki and hayton neutral signed neutral neutral neutral . we neutral to neutral neutral maccelli and mcbain , neutral neutral our goaltending neutral ( ingram could hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral ) , and we neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral ; neutral positive our neutral neutral neutral neutral .
- - - - for neutral neutral for ^ ( reddit neutral ^ ( neutral neutral
- - - - for neutral neutral for ^ ( reddit neutral ^ ( neutral neutral
neutral plays for the yotes intensifier of hpositive hayton neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral wjc neutral and has positive neutral the nhl neutral neutral negative and we neutral negator neutral him neutral . the yotes neutral neutral of positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral becaus neutral relocated neutral neutral nhl neutral neutral
negative and neutral positive neutral points and negator that neutral neutral from bernier neutral neutral having mauch diminisher games
what neutral neutral neutral beniers seems to neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral my hnegative neutral positive intensifier neutral
weeks neutral neutral neutral positive neutral @
intensifier neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral of that neutral whiffing neutral the neutral
neutral neutral with you . neutral neutral neutral faked the neutral to neutral the neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to beniers neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier should neutral positive .
haha neutral , neutral neutral negative to neutral bedard neutral columbus neutral chicago
the yotes neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral , and negative they neutral negator .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral , negator the neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive , neutral hnegative and could diminisher neutral neutral neutral pre neutral
neutral neutral beniers has neutral neutral with neutral . beniers has played intensifier games has diminisher ppg neutral has neutral neutral intensifier goals , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral that positive hpositive for the playoffs for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if we neutral intensifier neutral neutral beniers positive neutral the neutral , and when you neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral becaus neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral . idk neutral could neutral hnegative
the neutral neutral for maccelli neutral beniers positive that maccelli has neutral hpositive ppg ( and would neutral neutral to beniers neutral points if negator for hnegative ) and neutral plays for neutral neutral shittier neutral than seattle intensifier of hpositive neutral im biased . they neutral hpositive neutral the nods
columbus would neutral negative , chicago…
valamaki and moser positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral pairing
neutral neutral positive moser neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral intensifier
the neutral the maccelli has neutral hpositive ppg neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive intensifier positive neutral my hnegative multistop hpositive im neutral neutral .
negator hpositive for neutral neutral ️
valimaki and moser neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral they neutral the and that neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral the yotes neutral multistop negator neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral where neutral positive intensifier neutral than neutral positive . if you positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative options than neutral with the yotes neutral positive existing hpositive players ( keller , neutral , macelli , hayton , neutral ; valimaki , moser ; vejmelka ) and the neutral neutral neutral they neutral accumulated ( guenther/cooley/geekie positive neutral neutral add-on to the existing neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral soderstrom neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral positive neutral hammered neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you could neutral that neutral neutral , neutral neutral propelling neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral teenager has neutral beniers neutral neutral
negator , neutral neutral to positive to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , hes and thompsons numbers neutral hpositive neutral
negator to neutral stu neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lt neutral neutral udfa .
hpositive negative , has neutral 's neutral neutral neutral positive their chances neutral the calder neutral negative neutral hnegative ?
neutral negator neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral generates hype . lt positive neutral hnegative juniors neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral has neutral into neutral hpositive hpositive nhl neutral .
we neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral members , neutral hype neutral into the negative neutral and negative hnegative neutral could neutral neutral favour of neutral neutral .
multistop yaaay hpositive breakin' records .
intensifier positive neutral thi hnegative neutral for negative
for the neutral neutral neutral neutral vegas neutral knights neutral
positive to bowness neutral .
teams positive positive sinc neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative and hnegative . imo , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral diminisher years . neutral neutral neutral . to neutral neutral neutral , expecting hpositive positive the neutral of hnegative . the winnipeg jets subreddit reddit positive neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral , the hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive someth neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of players that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative . neutral to neutral that when neutral neutral neutral of neutral you neutral . neutral that from neutral neutral trades , if they neutral negator negative to neutral you negator positive .
nooo , neutral wanna neutral calgary neutral the playoffs .
thaaaats neutral hnegative
we neutral neutral positive . if nashville beats winnipeg positive nashville leapfrogs neutral jets and flames for the neutral wildcard neutral . flames neutral to positive neutral hpositive . and that would neutral them neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive streak…
intensifier your neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive
intensifier the neutral , non-iihf points bruins would neutral neutral neutral their neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the near-impossible neutral the neutral 's neutral negative , anyth positive neutral !
neutral highlights that neutral neutral neutral : period|time|team|strength|description - - - - - rantanen neutral neutral , assists : nathan mackinnon neutral girard rantanen neutral , assists : evan rodrigues nathan mackinnon rantanen neutral neutral , assists : nathan mackinnon neutral toews negator what you neutral positive for ? positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral of nhl neutral highlights . - - - -
thi neutral positive automated and replies to neutral positive negator neutral positive . if you neutral neutral questions / comments ,
neutral points neutral from neutral the neutral negative . the neutral positive the loosest
neutral him the neutral neutral positive positive neutral accepting negator neutral arguments that neutral with mc neutral thi neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral intensifier points from rantanen and neutral intensifier points from karlsson and we could neutral neutral guys neutral points neutral the neutral neutral !
neutral positive hpositive
neutral should neutral that mikko neutral negative nhl positive .
the positive neutral neutral and positive neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the loosest of moosets . multistop intensifier hnegative that positive hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral multistop
neutral hpositive
sj neutral neutral called neutral for negator tanking hnegative neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral the neutral , and that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral positive rants and neutral positive neutral that neutral positive from earlier neutral the neutral when things looked hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive thi . neutral loved how hnegative neutral neutral neutral , we positive playing stressfree neutral negator having to positive neutral neutral neutral points neutral rants neutral goals .
intensifier nate neutral intensifier neutral him neutral
hnegative neutral hpositive neutral him neutral the neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral
intensifier campers lol
these cats neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral mcjesus and the neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral that choke-down neutral neutral tap-ins ?
~~wish neutral would hpositive neutral the loosest~~ neutral neutral hpositive neutral
everyon knows mcdavid positive neutral neutral of the nuge neutral
neutral positive negator positive , hnegative , neutral should positive neutral negator neutral the avs neutral hpositive the playoffs negator him
hnegative , neutral positive negator positive the neutral . neutral neutral negative to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral votes .
idk neutral mikko koivu 's diminisher positive neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral if they positive neutral negative to neutral rallying to neutral the neutral neutral into ot and diminisher negative . they neutral negator hpositive the neutral hnegative neutral .
ranti with the hanty
you neutral the guys neutral neutral them neutral of the playoffs neutral neutral ?
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive to neutral . neutral neutral when neutral positive that positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral to hpositive hnegative neutral neutral .
connor mcdavid positive negator negator evander kane
hnegative im positive neutral and neutral neutral smartass . positive neutral neutral positive neutral matchup neutral neutral we positive hnegative
negator negator , neutral neutral negator negative neutral that mikko . what neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive , neutral , neutral mikko koskinen positive playing neutral europe neutral
neutral neutral positive the neutral , neutral my negative positive , neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral thi neutral ? neutral negator neutral of anyon
what neutral mikko eloranta ?
rantanen neutral has points neutral the neutral and sits neutral goals points hnegative neutral
these numbers neutral neutral hnegative . neutral has evp , mcdavid has
neutral neutral neutral games with the sharks
mackinnon positive neutral neutral / pg neutral which positive intensifier nuts .
neutral positive mikko neutral has the neutral neutral positive goals neutral the neutral
hpositive neutral to neutral how hnegative mcdavid positive ~~on the pp~~
intensifier the neutral positive neutral hnegative and positive neutral the neutral neutral ?
hmmm , neutral neutral neutral stats from neutral
neutral neutral neutral , neutral with neutral for the neutral positive . and neutral evp neutral neutral defenseman neutral neutral neutral negator named orr neutral coffey . positive negative to neutral !
lol neutral . neutral positive positive the neutral neutral points neutral neutral , negator hpositive points per neutral .
statmuse positive neutral hnegative neutral , negator neutral you neutral , your neutral positive neutral positive lol .
neutral , neutral hpositive statsmuse positive positive hnegative when neutral neutral to anyth positive whether points neutral neutral positive , powerplay , neutral neutral .
negative neutral neutral positive points positive neutral picking ?
you neutral neutral , naturalstattrick has hpositive stats . mackinnon positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive points per neutral
neutral neutral neutral stat would neutral positive , neutral scores the neutral neutral the neutral neutral tuesdays multistop neutral scores the neutral neutral neutral positive positive means someth . neutral neutral intensifier negative , everyon neutral knows hockeybot positive the neutral of everyth .
for what neutral positive neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral statlines neutral : mackinnon : neutral gp mcdavid : neutral gp mcdavid neutral the hpositive neutral neutral tuesdays neutral the neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral : neutral tage thompson positive neutral neutral neutral neutral tuesdays . neutral
hahah neutral hpositive reddit .
neutral neutral neutral toews to neutral the skates
negative neutral has positive issued to chicago neutral neutral has positive awarded to canucks
positive positive hops
that positive positive intensifier neutral of him negative negator to neutral neutral whoever neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral multistop thi seems positive neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral would of happened neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral ?
positive neutral of toews hnegative neutral teammates
for that ? neutral 's neutral smh .
var negative neutral neutral neutral
negative neutral negative neutral to neutral that . hpositive .
positive hands from erod neutral neutral intensifier
intensifier that neutral positive neutral erod
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive that neutral , neutral , neutral , and intensifier negative .
erod neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral !
intensifier neutral positive mooses positive , neutral should neutral !
neutral neutral of neutral intensifier of hpositive
kahkonen diminisher hnegative lol
mikko positive neutral neutral of erod
neutral hpositive evan rodrigues and neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral of positive and hpositive and the echl neutral to neutral with neutral .
intensifier neutral ! rants negative hnegative neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral from erod neutral .
erod positive showed everyon neutral neutral fits thi neutral intensifier neutral . neutral plays hnegative neutral neutral ends of the neutral ( including neutral hnegative forechecking neutral ) and has negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
einstein ain't positive shit neutral erod
aaand ,
neutral neutral neutral to positive goals neutral neutral neutral ! neutral teemu selänne and jari kurri neutral achieved thi neutral .
years to the neutral
and the fastest to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral ! negator neutral rants wanted to neutral neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral hatti neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral that clubs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and neutral
neutral neutral greats .
neutral neutral you neutral tiimu salami and jari neutral .
thi positive neutral everytime neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral .
neutral ? neutral positive the teams neutral negator the neutral of the neutral .
neutral 'em neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral players neutral neutral .
neutral legends
neutral neutral you neutral negative caray . neutral neutral !
positive neutral neutral , hpositive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral with neutral neutral and negator the neutral neutral the fans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral moves .
negative neutral neutral the gm neutral looked neutral neutral the neutral stats and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral popped hnegative intensifier the inked him for neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral multiquestion
my neutral
what neutral neutral . that positive hpositive what we negative johansen and duchene…
intensifier prospects neutral positive noticably intensifier hyped the diminisher years , neutral sinc the matthews neutral . when tanking positive normalized neutral neutral you neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral should neutral rewarded . intensifier when guys positive neutral neutral neutral negative years to neutral superstars neutral that positive negator neutral anymore . mcdavid , eichel , matthews , and neutral neutral negator the neutral for prospects , neutral neutral neutral positive noticably hnegative neutral negative players sinc becaus of how hpositive they looked . neutral hischier years to neutral points nolan neutral has positive neutral neutral derailed positive to hnegative neutral heiskanen neutral positive neutral points neutral until thi neutral . dahlin intensifier neutral neutral neutral defenseman neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . svechnikov positive points neutral negative neutral kotkaniemi hasn't positive neutral ppg until thi neutral . neutral positive and points neutral neutral neutral years . kakko hasn't positive neutral ppg until thi neutral . dach positive neutral neutral positive of points until thi neutral . laf has and points neutral neutral neutral years , and positive neutral ppg thi neutral . byfield has positive neutral neutral the ahl thi neutral stutzle positive points neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral rangers neutral neutral scares neutral for our hpositive neutral playoff neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive hpositive of neutral neutral mcdavid for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral years neutral . neutral positive hpositive intensifier hnegative and positive with the neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of messages of him signing neutral positive and everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative and neutral neutral overpaid
negative what neutral negative years of neutral and neutral positive positive neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher years neutral when marner neutral negator neutral neutral and opted to playout their elcs and neutral contracts upon neutral with the marner neutral neutral intensifier positive ? neutral neutral neutral rumour neutral neutral that the neutral neutral , marner 's hpositive positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral offered to the leafs . marner the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral points neutral games and neutral neutral asking for neutral per neutral for negative neutral . the positive neutral that neutral neutral the neutral of neutral points neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral and that neutral gonna neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral . the leafs balked and positive marner neutral neutral points neutral the neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . that neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral if you neutral , that rantanen and neutral expired and positive positive negotiations ( negator neutral hnegative neutral marner neutral ) . sinc positive : clayton keller , signed neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . overpaid neutral the neutral , positive looks positive neutral neutral neutral neutral chabot , signed negative positive . negative what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , overpaid neutral the neutral . neutral suzuki - neutral overpaid neutral the neutral positive that neutral positive neutral into neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral suggests . the neutral we should neutral neutral neutral from the marner positive positive that you neutral your negative studs neutral and neutral neutral diminisher than overpaying neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . marner positive neutral neutral diminisher paid neutral neutral positive the leafs " overpaid " him when neutral neutral asking for they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive hnegative . neutral negator neutral of negative neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral elc neutral initiating positive talks and having neutral neutral neutral neutral for them . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of diminisher neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than they would neutral to . neutral would neutral positive neutral positive jesperi kotkaniemi positive hpositive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral signed negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral points neutral campign and hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral and looks positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral everyon knows triples positive positive .
neutral neutral neutral , they positive him for negative neutral jeez , thi positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral years for the devils
neutral neutral neutral the " neutral sounded positive negative negative negative neutral the signing neutral neutral of messages and neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative " neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral him neutral the neutral we positive neutral would neutral .
positive has negator to neutral with neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral with hpositive plays , and neutral the kid neutral . that positive what neutral the hnegative .
neutral mackinnoned himself .
neutral " negator neutral haynesworth " neutral
neutral neutral neutral the draisaitl neutral mackinnon .
neutral neutral ppl bitching that neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive neutral pts neutral games . looks positive the gm positive neutral hpositive neutral !
what neutral doughti neutral of the positive multiquestion
neutral would neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier shit neutral neutral highballing what neutral could neutral signed for . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral numbers neutral neutral putting neutral and hnegative of neutral neutral to neutral seems positive they could neutral signed him for diminisher
hnegative to positive positive , neutral looks positive neutral positive
hischier neutral neutral points neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive diminisher hnegative hnegative neutral neutral seasons and
> intensifier prospects neutral positive noticably intensifier hyped the diminisher years , neutral sinc the matthews neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that prospects neutral intensifier hyped neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral with your neutral that the expectations for negative neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral changed . neutral positive neutral to neutral that negative intensifier , of neutral . neutral neutral when neutral spezza neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive positive neutral neutral multistop when neutral neutral neutral neutral to the ohl neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive if spezza neutral destined to neutral neutral positive . neutral the neutral neutral , the neutral neutral years neutral with neutral picks neutral diminisher that they positive neutral neutral to neutral for negative neutral and positive neutral their neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral things : the neutral the neutral positive played neutral compared to positive , and the neutral that positive neutral / conditioning / neutral has changed intensifier sinc positive . years neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral anyth resembling intensifier neutral neutral , and they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which guys positive chri therien and neutral rathje positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
hpositive to hpositive neutral to byfield , the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the ahl thi neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral and needed neutral diminisher weeks for conditioning neutral hnegative neutral negative of neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral that stützle positive points neutral games that neutral neutral . we positive neutral diminisher pleased with how neutral neutral neutral that neutral covid neutral .
the neutral guys that neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral mcdavid and mackinnon . positive you neutral hpositive neutral those guys neutral hpositive with how neutral and hnegative they neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral has that neutral neutral neutral to neutral to that negative neutral would positive neutral to neutral neutral the positive ends of neutral neutral positive faceoffs neutral neutral battles
> positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive hpositive of neutral neutral mcdavid for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral years neutral . the positive neutral <mcdavid> 's neutral and <_anyone's_> neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral has points thi neutral . mcdavid has _assists_ thi neutral and points neutral neutral neutral games . neutral has games with points . mcdavid has games with points . neutral has positive held hnegative the scoresheet hpositive . mcdavid hpositive . thi positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that mcdavid finishes neutral neutral points . neutral has negative neutral hpositive neutral negative for the neutral neutral .
neutral positive the closest neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than mcdavid . positive terrified .
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral we played him and neutral neutral neutral neutral has developed neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral , you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , reminds neutral of nathan mackinnon . neutral for kakko and laf to neutral .
thi neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral thinks neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral ? dudes
neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral ? neutral positive points neutral games neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral . neutral gets frustrating neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher seasons neutral . neutral positive neutral negative positive positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and nhl negative neutral
negator neutral neutral negative the positive neutral anyth . im neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral the gm . signing him **before** neutral neutral neutral , neutral capturing him neutral neutral hpositive neutral
youngsters ! neutral neutral the backstrom , giroux , and neutral the tavares neutral haha
positive to neutral neutral draisaitls positive . for to intensifier years positive hpositive hnegative
positive neutral neutral with lou neutral eh ?
neutral you positive negator neutral the neutral ? positive for clarifying neutral .
could positive the neutral for bo horvat , neutral signed for intensifier and positive neutral hpositive for the neutral neutral .
neutral your hnegative , what would neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral for neutral ?
negator neutral that neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral of that neutral comments , you neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative takes > everyon hpositive thi neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the hischier positive and that has negator neutral neutral neutral for nj intensifier neutral . > intensifier neutral neutral , that positive intensifier neutral than points neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years > thi neutral neutral of messages positive neutral to neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years . neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral meh we positive neutral . that hischier positive neutral positive negator neutral of the woods neutral terms of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . > that positive hnegative neutral positive neutral negator . neutral positive with that neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral to the cleaners neutral neutral positive intensifier . neutral him and connor neutral positive and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive .
and the geniuses neutral thi reddit neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative signing
neutral fuck hnegative , positive would neutral positive neutral neutral with points neutral games neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of negative negator and your neutral negative to neutral neutral they neutral if you neutral . hpositive becaus the positive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral . neutral neutral hnegative they could neutral positive neutral negative neutral per neutral .
nostra-dumbass\*
negator shit . neutral of that whataboutism . neutral neutral neutral hnegative when neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral points neutral games neutral hnegative of neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral expected him to neutral what neutral positive neutral . bullshit if you neutral . hpositive becaus neutral panned neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive the neutral signing neutral the neutral hpositive . neutral became hpositive .
positive positive , positive mentee . shero negative hischier that neutral of neutral positive , neutral fitz has negative neutral that hnegative positive . neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier busts , negator positive we neutral negator neutral neutral and kakko . neutral steve positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral ( and positive , neutral hpositive neutral thi ) , neutral positive neutral for the devils to neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral - negative they neutral hpositive neutral to neutral these hnegative contracts .
thi neutral positive my positive
nico neutral strays neutral that neutral neutral of messages positive neutral hnegative
if you neutral to neutral neutral comments positive to hpositive negative comments , neutral hpositive means they positive negator neutral held beliefs .
neutral neutral " neutral " , negator " neutral " .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral when neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral for the neutral , positive neutral covid neutral , positive point-per-game neutral . hpositive neutral to neutral that “ neutral neutral ” . lafreniere positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral .
points neutral negator the neutral neutral gms neutral to neutral positive
for neutral neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral and iq neutral negator intensifier neutral positive , and with njs neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral negator negative neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier positive neutral that neutral fitz neutral negative neutral how thi neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral when nico and neutral neutral , and if neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral with them we positive neutral to neutral neutral
neutral would negator neutral signed negative neutral positive if they neutral negator neutral they positive could neutral signed him for neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral negator negative multistop
neutral dunno neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral superstar . hpositive becaus *you* neutral negator neutral negator neutral shit . you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive they hnegative negator neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral negator neutral expected him to neutral what neutral positive neutral . bullshit if you neutral . thi positive /u/bladeparadigmhf levels of positive lol . neutral neutral neutral negative you negator positive neutral negator neutral you hpositive neutral devils fans . positive neutral neutral the comments neutral neutral : and negative , neutral thi subreddit diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral :
you could neutral glimpses of neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral ragdolled . you neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to hpositive neutral devils neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral would neutral positive to neutral thi neutral neutral of neutral than to hpositive believers . neutral the neutral neutral progressed from neutral to to and how hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier neutral .
lol neutral positive steve neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral . what neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral negator negative positive mcdavid and matthews . negator neutral to neutral insulted lol
neutral neutral neutral positive positive that what they neutral positive that neutral neutral negator negative neutral himself neutral the positive of neutral neutral and neutral neutral of the positive neutral the neutral . feelings positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of negative negative neutral neutral of nitpicking neutral “ neutral neutral ” means neutral someth when they positive hpositive neutral him neutral positive . neutral 's neutral superstar neutral and has neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral that , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the negative neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral hpositive congratulating him neutral neutral that negative neutral into the neutral .
neutral neutral negative !
we neutral positive neutral . *everything* positive neutral negative against neutral .
*nj devils vs everyon intensifies*
seas , you positive ? arr .
if you negative to neutral neutral neutral , positive positive the neutral to neutral . if negator , the seas neutral neutral of streams .
you should neutral neutral neutral statboy steven - neutral positive positive neutral the secrets
the vpn neutral positive neutral neutral ! positive from belize neutral my hpositive neutral neutral and positive negator issues neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral and intensifier neutral that neutral neutral thi neutral .
yarr , positive ! the positive seas neutral hpositive thi neutral of neutral .
ahoy positive !
mcdavid should neutral him neutral neutral and neutral him neutral positive neutral for the neutral
fastest neutral neutral neutral neutral games ( sakic sakic hejduk and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral selänne and kurri . : neutral
fastest to neutral neutral neutral . *and and
hpositive sammi neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral .
neutral hnegative positive neutral the positive neutral named rantanen neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
the loosest neutral
the neutral has positive positive hpositive thi neutral . negative
neutral , mackinnon positive neutral neutral to neutral . controls the neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral
intensifier positive to neutral how neutral neutral votes neutral gets . neutral positive positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral injuries . hpositive mcdavid wins neutral , neutral neutral neutral tkachuk neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral robertson neutral
and neutral neutral positive . . . . miikkkkoooo !
finns gonna neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral .

the neutral positive positive ! lfg mikko !
neutral positive negator neutral to positive the neutral neutral neutral deserves neutral votes for neutral honourable neutral .
neutral to neutral neutral ! neutral 's neutral negative neutral !
they neutral intensifier neutral negative with thi . positive they neutral thi neutral the neutral .
neutral møøse neutral diminisher my neutral multistop negator realli !
neutral to neutral him neutral the positive of the neutral positive neutral thi neutral .
what neutral neutral
hatti
rantanen for neutral .
neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral goals neutral neutral years neutral . neutral hpositive neutral that mikko !
hpositive if they could hpositive neutral neutral to hpositive that neutral neutral larger .
u/savevideo
what neutral intensifier neutral to hpositive neutral for rants . neutral neutral the neutral neutral that hejduk neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral the positive .
positive neutral , neutral neutral finns played for the avs neutral diminisher neutral
neutral intensifier points and neutral positive neutral kurri and selanne neutral the neutral finns with points .
my positive neutral neutral records neutral the teammates neutral hpositive . when neutral neutral the ot neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral , you neutral neutral toews negative neutral the neutral to neutral neutral .
positive if hpositive tbh
neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral for mikko
everyth neutral neutral positive positive and positive
positive neutral anyon neutral negator neutral positive ?
neutral positive neutral of the diminisher , diminisher players these neutral whose neutral seems to diminisher hnegative the neutral when neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral should becaus neutral has neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral him hpositive neutral rantanen positive the neutral neutral goals and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
haha intensifier the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive if neutral positive
hells neutral ! my neutral neutral neutral neutral sings thi neutral neutral neutral positive mentioned .
neutral recorded my neutral neutral thi for neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral goals , neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral recorded to neutral positive .
- - - - for neutral neutral for ^ ( reddit neutral ^ ( neutral neutral
ew neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral games
when neutral realized thi neutral neutral neutral neutral seemed neutral intensifier negative than positive , negative . it'd neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral positive neutral of neutral , neutral you neutral hpositive neutral .
remembering duchene neutral that negator neutral neutral neutral neutral fuck neutral lmao neutral him
mikko positive neutral neutral neutral of mackinnon
?
positive how neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral mikko , neutral positive positive neutral chance…
they neutral neutral products of neutral johnson .
ehh , neutral diminisher neutral mikko neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral
the positive of kurri and selanne neutral neutral jerseys feelings hnegative positive gretzky neutral st neutral
neutral positive neutral johnson 's neutral , we hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
nah , mikko neutral positive neutral neutral of mackinnon 's hnegative dure that neutral
hmmm . neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral kurri negative the neutral with sakic , roy , and forsberg and if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative avs neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive with neutral of their signatures . neutral neutral of famer playing neutral your neutral positive negator 'gross' to neutral .
neutral for neutral positive our positive neutral neutral neutral
mackinnon 's stretching neutral positive neutral neutral of mikko 's hnegative
kurri played for the avs neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral
shhh multistop neutral neutral positive years neutral and neutral positive neutral the signatures neutral neutral neutral created my neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral ! you positive the neutral neutral from positive ?
intensifier neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to posts diminisher pics to /r/coloradoavalanche neutral positive neutral you hpositive when neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher identified .
#juststalockthings
they positive handing neutral misconducts to anyon and everyon neutral negative neutral to neutral the neutral , intensifier that negative positive neutral diminisher positive . hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier chippi , neutral neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative suggests . the officials neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral - jake brenk neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral hpositive how neutral hpositive brothers playing against neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive kicked neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral that the neutral where ryan neutral jumped neutral to neutral neutral negative negative stecher from negative neutral ?
neutral neutral that neutral . neutral negative fucked neutral with negative neutral and neutral neutral . positive neutral negative positive positive .
yep . and the neutral where rielly neutral neutral hansen . and the neutral where kadri neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sedin negative neutral the rielly neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral when that neutral happened , negator neutral those neutral events happened dure the neutral neutral . hansen positive clobbered neutral that neutral from reilly and positive negative neutral kadri seconds neutral defending that neutral neutral sedin . neutral gonna hpositive jannik hansen for that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
that neutral the positive neutral of rielly 's neutral .
for for intensifier wtf . neutral neutral negator neutral anyth positive thi from rielly .
username checks neutral
portillo neutral intensifier hnegative lmao
neutral neutral rba neutral negator neutral to things to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
quinnipiac has neutral hpositive to positive their neutral neutral negative . they neutral neutral the neutral neutral and
the negative positive neutral neutral positive positive . neutral the gophers positive neutral the positive loses .
portillo choked neutral .
neutral neutral quinnipiac neutral and devils neutral : neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
the negative neutral portillo positive what neutral positive , neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral lipkin . played neutral negative neutral and positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral from what neutral neutral . yotes neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral
negative neutral , negative neutral neutral negative . neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral teams neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive their positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral ( neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral
wooooooooo
hpositive the neutral positive of those jerseys .
neutral bobcats
portillo neutral neutral neutral negative ones , neutral neutral . gimme that neutral neutral ! neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth vs neutral neutral neutral ?
positive neutral neutral , you hpositive to neutral neutral
brindamor jr neutral negator neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral . hpositive how neutral positive neutral if neutral signs with the oilers thi hnegative neutral neutral negator .
that quinnipiac neutral positive positive hnegative to neutral . neutral neutral their positive players ? neutral neutral nhl'ers ?
whoever neutral 's neutral positive intensifier neutral , what neutral hnegative positive
neutral positive negative neutral portillo neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral
neutral positive hpositive portillo looked positive the neutral neutral subs for your intensifier neutral and has negator played neutral the neutral .
neutral the negative neutral % of neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral playing hnegative . neutral neutral neutral hobbled neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral their hnegative has played games neutral to years intensifier they neutral negator negative to negative the negative .
( rba = neutral brind'amour neutral neutral plays for neutral )
neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral afghanistan and intensifier hyped . our neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral shit for neutral the neutral of the neutral .
rooting for neutral . that neutral against neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive diminisher hnegative saves hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral saves intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral banks and positive neutral negative neutral neutral of negator neutral neutral
my neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral qu grads . they neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral ?
negative ones lol . to from neutral the neutral neutral shots and neutral wrister from the boards
neutral negative ones ?
neutral neutral !
positive neutral neutral neutral to bako neutral neutral , we neutral intensifier of neutral grads thi offseason which positive gonna hpositive neutral neutral
perets has diminisher intensifier neutral neutral goalies neutral fucky intensifier neutral knows how neutral would neutral neutral the nhl . neutral of their players neutral positive drafted ( brind'amour , lipkin , and neutral ) .
collin graf neutral neutral hobey neutral neutral missed the negative negative , neutral positive their neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral . neutral yaniv perets positive neutral ( neutral neutral numbers neutral neutral diminisher neutral bc positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of shots , they positive the neutral intensifier neutral ) . neutral lipkin neutral neutral the neutral wjc neutral . zach metsa positive their positive neutral , neutral quillan neutral their positive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth , announcers mentioned neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral playing neutral neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral shifts neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral lmao
wjc neutral positive neutral : we gonna neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the wjc ?
positive , neutral hpositive sucks . hpositive teams positive him neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral the nhl . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when the games mattered negative . neutral positive hpositive , hnegative neutral neutral , negative puts himself neutral neutral of neutral and seems to intensifier hnegative positive neutral points . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral looked positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
which buccigross neutral hpositive to neutral you of neutral neutral seconds neutral neutral neutral positive positive , the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral intensifier neutral nerd neutral neutral neutral became neutral neutral neutral neutral
lmao neutral negator they neutral the neutral with positive minutes neutral neutral someth positive that . negative . neutral neutral to positive intensifier neutral neutral pumped neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral of neutral them neutral . neutral positive of them neutral neutral of my neutral . quilli positive neutral . guys neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral of those shots .
negator , neutral positive negator . negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral champs .
neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negative to neutral if the oilers neutral negative neutral with uvm ties thi neutral , lol . ( the negative positive diminisher hpositive - uvm 's hc and the oilers hc neutral brothers )
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral fantilli 's neutral
if neutral positive that neutral neutral should negator neutral playing
you neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral . dumbass .
neutral has what neutral positive to neutral negative o'connor neutral . neutral positive negative okay neutral neutral that positive neutral negative neutral hype becaus neutral played for neutral neutral neutral . > hpositive teams positive him neutral yup . avash kalra 's postgame neutral for chn neutral quinnipiac 's gameplan indicated that their neutral neutral to hpositive him negative and neutral deeper neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral from neutral where neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative . letting neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral from that neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral ought to neutral positive to neutral those to the neutral .
neutral we neutral diminisher neutral diminisher neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral positive luca munzenberger whose intensifier neutral
neutral positive the neutral neutral my neutral , neutral kid that neutral neutral positive gonna wanna neutral
positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral shit neutral , the neutral hnegative goals positive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive stares neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral hnegative of .
which neutral ? neutral neutral neutral of those neutral shots from neutral
luca has nhl negative hnegative , neutral neutral refs ( esp neutral neutral ) neutral games neutral intensifier tighter . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for him . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral skills rn and neutral positive gonna neutral to positive those sinc we neutral hnegative our neutral neutral guys neutral that neutral negative määttä leveled neutral neutral diminisher thi neutral , neutral positive intensifier of neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral points . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral tells neutral players to neutral nhl guys that they neutral positive and the neutral neutral mentioned neutral määttä with neutral lowry ( neutral woodcroft coached neutral winnipeg )
kravtsov has positive diminisher hpositive with the canucks than neutral neutral with neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher rangers fans negative the neutral neutral for hpositive negator playing him intensifier
hawks neutral neutral tanking
neutral positive positive intensifier meh intensifier neutral . thi neutral neutral looked hpositive neutral . neutral looked positive neutral realized , neutral neutral neutral him , neutral positive positive and neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral thi playstyle neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral the negative
neutral positive positive neutral to positive neutral negative for years neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive when we drafted him neutral neutral positive the neutral and positive neutral into someth . neutral could neutral benefited from diminisher developing neutral the ahl neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral that . positive if neutral puts neutral the neutral to neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive than that
neutral that positive negator neutral to neutral hnegative and negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for seattle sinc neutral neutral positive playing neutral ? neutral sinc neutral positive neutral positive the neutral neutral positive passed
games positive : negator intensifier neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral rangers !
neutral moved neutral neutral of positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral - what neutral negative . has neutral neutral positive neutral vs playoff hnegative neutral the chl of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral intensifier neutral , and neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral rangers seasons neutral neutral , fuck neutral that neutral hpositive .
neutral brett harrison to neutral , hpositive and neutral you
has neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the ohl neutral ? neutral would neutral neutral positive intensifier positive sinc neutral the neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive
hpositive the neutral neutral ?
hnegative neutral noises
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kw , and neutral neutral for the mooseheads , thi has positive neutral positive neutral
neutral that positive neutral negative for neutral and the kraken . positive negator neutral him , neutral they positive neutral him from the ohl until the neutral to neutral him neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral hpositive to positive , and neutral positive hpositive backfired positive . neutral should neutral thanking their hpositive stars that the ohl positive negator neutral you neutral neutral picks , negative they positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral ages .
how neutral the neutral 's neutral playing ? neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral games neutral neutral earlier thi neutral . the neutral neutral seemed neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
hey shane , you positive the hpositive to neutral to barrie and neutral negator . hpositive neutral .
neutral negative neutral positive to players and positive picks to neutral him negative lol . from the accounts neutral neutral neutral seems intensifier neutral entitled . and neutral neutral , neutral that negative , with how hpositive neutral thinks neutral positive , neutral should neutral positive positive to positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral negative with the negator of tampa neutral neutral pastas , and neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral positive hpositive they neutral positive negative neutral multistop neutral ?
neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral the neutral championships ? neutral neutral those neutral neutral neutral ?
we neutral negator neutral neutral words multistop
neutral negator . neutral
yessir
positive
what neutral intensifier positive . negator neutral that they neutral neutral , that positive negative
neutral positive neutral neutral thi kid neutral neutral pouted neutral for negator neutral drafted neutral
neutral the neutral of the neutral picks from neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher shit
woop woop - neutral
shane neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral ohl neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher games neutral with the kraken
intensifier negator neutral neutral hnegative fanbase .
filip mesar >>> shane hnegative
neutral and points neutral games . negator hnegative him , neutral that positive negator neutral to neutral minds neutral , negative neutral hpositive ?
neutral they neutral neutral him neutral whenev , neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral the ahl thi neutral and sinc neutral positive neutral tweener neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive to negator hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral elc and hpositive neutral him neutral neutral the ohl . hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral kraken games , neutral neutral neutral neutral to ahl neutral .
neutral could neutral neutral sinc neutral jr neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral to the ahl .
neutral intensifier sucks .
if tampa neutral showed neutral anyth , than neutral positive negative their championships the neutral neutral years positive .
neutral 's neutral rangers !
neutral neutral neutral neutral than the neutral , the rangers neutral neutral neutral netters neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive the neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ohl neutral and the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ohl playoffs sinc when st neutral 's neutral mississauga neutral neutral for the whl , the neutral hnegative neutral the neutral years neutral neutral neutral with vancouver neutral everett neutral
neutral shit tonne of positive ! : neutral ethan miedema , defenceman gavin mccarthy and neutral neutral picks including : neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral third-rounder neutral fourth-round picks neutral and neutral positive sixth-round neutral neutral and neutral positive picks ( neutral fifth-rounder neutral and neutral sixth-rounder neutral
rangers neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive . neutral neutral , neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral & fischer hallman ?
hpositive the neutral bs neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the generals for the neutral neutral years neutral seems to neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral happened neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral . the rangers neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and hpositive could negator neutral neutral neutral positive dure the neutral neutral
" neutral 's the neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ohl neutral and the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ohl playoffs sinc when st neutral 's neutral mississauga neutral neutral for the whl , the neutral hnegative neutral the neutral years neutral neutral neutral with vancouver neutral everett neutral "
neutral negator , neutral gets to neutral to the ahl neutral
neutral neutral , neutral wjc neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral ppg neutral the chl playoffs multistop that positive neutral him . for neutral that neutral neutral to neutral juniors neutral positive failed neutral that .
what neutral negative for him .
costantini played negative neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral for the rangers neutral playing neutral neutral and hpositive the spits diminisher neutral the neutral , someth the rangers neutral negator neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) for the neutral neutral neutral . neutral they neutral neutral neutral for neutral games , hpositive they neutral neutral neutral against london .
we neutral negator neutral neutral words and we hpositive you neutral negator negative to neutral them . we positive your positive , your negative , your hnegative . everyth you neutral neutral – we neutral neutral . thi positive negator the neutral we imagined , and positive negator the neutral we wanted . neutral you for neutral neutral the neutral neutral
we neutral negator neutral neutral words and we hpositive you neutral negator negative to neutral them . we positive your positive , your negative , your hnegative . everyth you neutral neutral – we neutral neutral . thi positive negator the neutral we imagined , and positive negator the neutral we wanted . neutral you for neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
intensifier ? intensifier , neutral ? with how things neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral , you neutral the neutral to poopoo the rangers' chances ? *really ? *
how 's tolvanen playing for you guys ? ……oh neutral .
neutral positive points neutral games .
neutral positive the hnegative ?
the downvotes neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator hnegative . neutral neutral and slaf neutral positive neutral diminisher negative slaf neutral neutral the nhl neutral neutral negative hnegative , could negator positive neutral when they announced neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral juniors and hpositive positive neutral negative playoffs . slaf showed flashes neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral the nhl negative . they neutral intensifier negative and thi neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral thi neutral .
neutral heard nhl playoffs positive intensifier positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral to playoffs with coachella neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral kraken the lineup ? neutral positive neutral myself neutral .
what neutral positive multiexclamation neutral of shit neutral neutral negative multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
mesar neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral could neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the nhl negator neutral the neutral , neutral the kraken would neutral negative him to neutral neutral with the firebirds asap .
neutral thi week's : " corners of the chl / nhl neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to thi neutral " : the neutral negative neutral applies neutral the chl neutral positive neutral neutral . intensifier neutral that neutral positive eliminated , they could ( if they wanted to ) neutral him to coachella for the playoffs thi neutral . and positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral to neutral negative for the ahl and neutral would neutral to neutral to neutral the kraken neutral neutral . examples neutral neutral neutral positive caleb neutral and brayden schenn . neutral played ahl games neutral neutral olds including playoff games neutral their chl seasons neutral . negator hnegative if they would neutral thi neutral negator , neutral neutral would neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative the elc , neutral neutral would positive neutral to neutral intensifier with coachella .
would negator neutral surprised to neutral him neutral positive with the neutral dure playoffs hpositive for neutral .
neutral played games neutral the ahl thi neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the ahl until neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral someth positive that positive happened neutral neutral missed ?
negator neutral neutral to hpositive . neutral mortgaged their neutral neutral thi playoff neutral .
to neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive they neutral if they positive to neutral negative nhl neutral .
neutral hpositive , that vancouver neutral neutral neutral the least-eighth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral . negative hpositive how neutral games they positive that positive negative neutral losses and neutral injuries to negative .
we neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the majors and neutral them the steelheads
nah , neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral to neutral of what positive there… tim 's , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral of those .
seems positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of sens fans neutral the kw neutral ( myself neutral ) , diminisher positive !
we clinched neutral neutral neutral neutral with wednesdays positive intensifier neutral neutral hpositive
rangers neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral sinc they neutral their neutral , neutral their neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral which neutral hpositive for neutral the div neutral neutral to the neutral they neutral neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral . and positive neutral neutral neutral the pre neutral that the rangers positive predicted to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral !
positive positive they would've wanted him to hpositive neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral into coachella neutral and hpositive neutral neutral with them , neutral that has to neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral
neutral positive points neutral games , idk if neutral positive positive neutral positive failed .
okay ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral negative with y'all . that positive fuck neutral to neutral with what neutral neutral neutral
neutral expected from negative overager , neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral to neutral .
slafkovsky
neutral bennett neutral the neutral neutral when neutral neutral drafted positive neutral and negative diminisher flames playoff neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive .
you could hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral positive .
neutral of shit neutral neutral negative neutral neutral your hpositive 's titties .
you hpositive neutral negator neutral the games neutral neutral the ***intangibles***
neutral , neutral positive positive playing neutral for the neutral neutral months , which positive hpositive than we neutral positive for slaf .
would playoff games neutral ? neutral hpositive they neutral negator neutral toward neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
ahl games would negator hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral elc . neutral positive neutral players that neutral neutral to the ahl neutral teenagers and their elcs neutral ( sandin and liljegren with the leafs neutral thi neutral negative years neutral ) .
neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral of your neutral positive positive negator positive . becaus neutral positive positive neutral , neutral has neutral completed seasons neutral the ohl and positive negator neutral neutral to the neutral neutral negative . intensifier neutral neutral neutral the chl positive neutral and neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral for the firebirds if that positive what the kraken negative to neutral with him .
" conditioning neutral " which has rules and regulations , negator neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral " conditioning neutral . "
the positive positive to neutral the ahl from poaching neutral the neutral chl talents . neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral positive neutral they neutral neutral the ahl ( you neutral neutral thi with euro players ) .
positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
we neutral neutral hpositive positive friends . non-leaves neutral positive .
neutral they positive hnegative neutral denni , neutral neutral to neutral games where they played hnegative thi neutral neutral him that neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral
they would neutral hpositive they neutral neutral neutral neutral played intensifier neutral neutral the ohl and neutral gets to neutral to the ahl . neutral from neutral negative
if they positive positive their neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral the ahl thi neutral neutral . that neutral negator neutral intensifier they maneuvered to neutral him into neutral hpositive neutral with neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative that their neutral neutral neutral , neutral him neutral to neutral neutral coachella positive neutral neutral .
ehhh , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive with the firebirds neutral neutral neutral the chl-nhl neutral forbids neutral . the firebirds neutral intensifier hpositive and could hpositive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive if neutral positive neutral ahl playoffs neutral of ohl playoffs .
and what you neutral positive fuck neutral to neutral with the neutral .
you neutral the neutral neutral lmao . neutral negator negative shit if you neutral negator negative to neutral shit
neutral positive negator negative overager . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative overager . points neutral games positive intensifier hpositive . the playoff positive neutral neutral criticized . neutral neutral positive if you neutral neutral the goals neutral ahl games neutral neutral those neutral would neutral him neutral intensifier positive neutral , and neutral him tracking positive . you could positive the goals neutral ahl games positive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral , positive you positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral to the playoff games neutral underperformed neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , overagers neutral
slafkovsky neutral hnegative for neutral the neutral .
> slafkovsky neutral neutral the nhl neutral and managed neutral games neutral neutral hnegative . negator hnegative how you neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral " diminisher shit " positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral bennett ?
hpositive neutral neutral , shane neutral you !
negative neutral hnegative neutral ?
zach neutral says
haha , neutral neutral neutral neutral intangibles . neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral the clinching neutral . neutral to that neutral , neutral . for intensifier , francesco pinelli > shane neutral ?
playoff games neutral . neutral negative mcavoy 's neutral neutral neutral the playoffs becaus neutral their nhl dmen positive hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral thi . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral for seasons . neutral has to neutral positive *played* seasons , and they hpositive neutral limits neutral the negative of games played for the neutral to neutral ? intensifier neutral , neutral could neutral positive to neutral neutral played to ohl seasons positive to covid cancelling neutral neutral and neutral neutral the kraken neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral they neutral guys neutral neutral neutral the covid cancelled neutral ? how neutral they negative the games played negative ? etc . neutral positive neutral negator positive . the chl neutral to neutral negative positive referenceable neutral of the neutral neutral hnegative ( neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral articles negative neutral neutral , and neutral neutral surprised neutral neutral the diminisher ins and outs of neutral .
ahh neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral happens with euro and neutral neutral players . neutral positive neutral allowed to neutral neutral negative of ahl games neutral that the chl neutral positive neutral ? and positive neutral neutral neutral nhl neutral chl neutral neutral neutral neutral ? that positive where neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator heard of that neutral the neutral
neutral of positive , how neutral quinton byfield neutral neutral playing neutral the ahl negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral
my dads neutral sens neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral neutral teams games and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral when neutral and the kraken neutral neutral neutral . negator shitting neutral the kid , neutral that positive negator the neutral they positive hoping for him neutral the ohl
neutral would neutral intensifier neutral neutral to positive that positive hpositive .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral , what reasons would you neutral to positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral ?
if neutral positive neutral that positive negator neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
intensifier positive shane hnegative
ooh , points for neutral diminisher neutral
neutral the avs negative the neutral neutral of makar 's elc neutral the playoffs becaus neutral positive intensifier negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to positive neutral neutral negator hpositive to the earliest neutral neutral winners neutral ? neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral neutral hpositive positive for the neutral , you guys would negator neutral intensifier shit if you neutral negator hpositive positive neutral from neutral and my parents positive negator fans . negative of the sens neutral neutral .
mcavoy positive negator neutral neutral thi neutral . when mcavoy signed neutral positive if neutral played seconds neutral neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral elc becaus neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral signed neutral positive .
fwiw neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the ohl playoff hnegative and the neutral of the spitfires and neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive if the players chl neutral positive neutral they neutral neutral ahl . we neutral thi with neutral rielly the neutral neutral we drafted him . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to the marlies to negative the neutral .
positive neutral positive allowed , neutral per the chl neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the chl neutral the nhl neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral until neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral earlier , neutral would neutral hpositive to neutral neutral the ahl neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral where we neutral chl players neutral neutral diminisher games neutral the ahl neutral the neutral of their neutral , neutral neutral positive negator intensifier neutral intensifier positive to neutral . hnegative the neutral of my neutral , neutral hpositive neutral eberle neutral thi for neutral diminisher games neutral regina neutral eliminated , positive neutral neutral to the whl neutral the neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral my neutral positive . neutral could neutral neutral with coachella neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of their neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral hpositive for playoffs becaus neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral the ahl neutral neutral ) . positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral to neutral neutral the nhl neutral chl becaus neutral would neutral neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral those briere / drury neutral . neutral loved the neutral sabres intensifier neutral .
how intensifier ? neutral played neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than kingston and intensifier neutral improved neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral gets to negative hnegative the neutral vs hpositive neutral neutral the ahl .
negator neutral neutral neutral positive negator the neutral neutral negator amounting to neutral . neutral what neutral these neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral ?
you neutral neutral negator neutral anyon those negative neutral lol
thi negative with your neutral neutral has neutral hnegative . hahaha
the kid neutral neutral !
and negator neutral neutral positive neutral earlier to negator neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral makar neutral neutral thi neutral ? neutral positive positive when neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative elc they neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive contracts makar 's positive neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral hpositive signed neutral neutral ncaa neutral for the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral .
nah nah mcavoy neutral intensifier hpositive that neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral scared when neutral neutral neutral the neutral . karlsson and neutral positive hpositive intensifier hpositive neutral that playoff neutral , neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral efforts against the neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral positive positive positive the kraken neutral for neutral neutral .
that positive negative to hpositive positive , neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral the nhl neutral that neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral that
neutral positive neutral positive neutral the ohl years becaus of neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral should neutral positive to neutral to the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral commented that sinc neutral has positive neutral the ohl seasons neutral would neutral ahl hpositive neutral neutral hnegative of neutral .
neutral neutral hating that negative neutral fuck neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . neutral sinc developed intensifier neutral than negative for him , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative him neutral the neutral .
neutral improved from ppg to ppg , neutral neutral neutral would've expected hnegative of where neutral neutral playing . if that positive neutral they wanted hpositive playoff games they would negator neutral bothered to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive yourself if you neutral franci neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral the ohl neutral positive .
neutral of neutral neutral playoff neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral player/leader neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative . hpositive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of neutral neutral positive .
spittin' neutral neutral the sunroof , neutral neutral negative neutral
which neutral would neutral hnegative ? geekie positive the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive . neutral would neutral neutral neutral the ahl neutral neutral and neutral what happens . if neutral dominates positive neutral him for geekie , neutral neutral wennberg .
that positive neutral , years neutral neutral would hpositive him ahl hpositive neutral neutral .
that positive neutral intensifier positive neutral and neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral brandt neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral .
okay neutral what happens neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ahl neutral ? playing against intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive to him becaus neutral positive negator neutral asked to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral seattle . positive the positive neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the hnegative of hnegative leagues and that positive neutral intensifier neutral the ahl
geekie and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . could neutral him neutral into the neutral ? would negator neutral shocked to neutral neutral neutral neutral guys neutral the neutral neutral . burakovsky , wennberg , schwartz mccann , beniers , eberle bjorkstrand , neutral , neutral tanev / tolvanen , geekie , sprong / donato ? dunn , larsson schultz , oleksiak evans , borgen soucy and neutral donato neutral to hpositive neutral neutral for evans and neutral , and to positive neutral neutral for re-signing dunn and borgen ?
negative neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral positive that neutral . intensifier neutral diminisher rules that diminisher negator neutral neutral positive negative to neutral positive ones positive thi .
neutral you neutral neutral makes that neutral neutral with kingston ? becaus neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive thi intensifier neutral . we neutral negator neutral neutral guenther 's rights traded from edmonton to seattle for him to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral points positive neutral their asses neutral to them neutral neutral neutral positive . if you asked neutral and neutral armstrong they would neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative . you negative these guys neutral positive neutral runs , and if they neutral negator neutral that hpositive neutral you positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral . neutral positive goals neutral neutral when these plans neutral neutral , and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the ahl neutral positive negator neutral of them . hpositive hpositive neutral the positive , seems positive neutral hpositive kid , neutral thi positive neutral hnegative neutral , that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral the hnegative hpositive , what if neutral struggles neutral the ahl ? the playoffs neutral negator the positive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hpositive seasons neutral the ohl neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator that neutral positive missed the positive of neutral neutral neutral the ahl if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negator negative negative positive ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive becaus we neutral neutral intensifier of " hpositive neutral negator neutral " guys . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of tanev , tolvanen , neutral neutral sprong neutral donato neutral of the neutral ? tanev and tolvanen neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral hpositive sprong and donato neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if they neutral neutral playing hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral where they neutral the negative neutral against neutral . hpositive neutral positive sprong becaus neutral feelings positive we hpositive rescued neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral becaus kingston neutral negative negative dumpster neutral . the neutral neutral to neutral him neutral hpositive than kingston . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral gets to neutral against hpositive neutral neutral the ahl playoffs . if they could neutral neutral him neutral the ahl neutral neutral they would neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral coachella neutral neutral walked neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral per neutral , intensifier neutral diminisher positive they neutral neutral that hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral positive neutral from someth that positive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral looked hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ahl , neutral positive negator neutral to negative neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral robertson has points neutral neutral neutral games . goals and assists . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon thi neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher weeks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral the brakes neutral neutral positive negative neutral . neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral , my airbags neutral , and neutral negative hnegative the neutral into neutral ditch.i negative neutral blacked neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher seconds neutral neutral to and neutral my neutral neutral . my positive positive trashed . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive negator blood.i negative neutral to the neutral and , neutral thi , positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier robertson . neutral positive shirtless , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . " neutral neutral neutral for neutral post-game neutral and neutral negator neutral you neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral your positive , neutral . " my positive positive totalled and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral him . positive neutral neutral and hpositive jogs hnegative into the hnegative .
neutral to positive positive
lol
neutral neutral that neutral with the positive for pavs .
r/churchofsaros
when neutral the neutral neutral the preds neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral we neutral neutral to covid neutral divisions and neutral thi neutral traded to the kings neutral someth intensifier neutral negator plays neutral neutral ?
intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the legs forsberg from the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative someth neutral ?
neutral hpositive they would neutral goals neutral expected per games played to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral games neutral goalies neutral plays intensifier positive neutral the intensifier goals hpositive neutral expected neutral the neutral negative they neutral having neutral neutral neutral ( neutral vezina comparisons ) .
how neutral of that neutral from neutral and the neutral neutral neutral played the canes when neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral ? negator neutral neutral hasn't hpositive these stats , diminisher , neutral seems to negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative stat !
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral chances ?
the hpositive saro neutral the intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral to hpositive to my positive fanboy subs , neutral with r/jimanchoi
️
what positive neutral crazier positive the preds neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their ahl neutral . askarov positive intensifier hpositive . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral dunham
thi positive neutral of the things neutral hpositive frustrating neutral neutral them , they neutral neutral to neutral neutral roy / hasek re-gen neutral neutral the pipes , neutral if the neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral shambles .
neutral would negator positive neutral neutral . negator negative how hpositive neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
canes : neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral cartoonish neutral , positive neutral
how positive thi downvoted ? neutral positive
> how neutral of that neutral from neutral and the neutral neutral neutral played the canes thi neutral neutral dure tonights neutral and negator neutral stats from neutral .
neutral plays intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
pavelski ?
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral the pirates neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral choi boi negator having to positive hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral the rays .
r/pierremcguire
sheesh , diminisher hpositive their neutral neutral
intensifier neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral for the rangers .
neutral intensifier has positive neutral neutral . we positive neutral neutral neutral for bedard if neutral positive negator for saro . ( honourable neutral to lankinen neutral positive positive neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral )
neutral has intensifier neutral nashville neutral neutral lol . our neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral points lmao .
neutral neutral positioning and negative positive intensifier hpositive that neutral hpositive looks positive players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
that and d-men neutral the neutral neutral we neutral neutral / neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to negative and neutral
neutral , neutral neutral that . neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral playoff neutral where the neutral positive neutral to neutral to positive neutral him .
our neutral neutral neutral positive negative hnegative defenseman . negative
multistop okay negative , neutral neutral that . neutral neutral positive that . neutral neutral that neutral positive negator neutral neutral for saro to neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral . that would neutral saro carries the preds to the finals .
neutral seems intensifier hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral develops , hpositive how neutral ends , and positioning himself neutral . neutral positive intensifier diminisher *not* neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
the canes neutral that with neutral neutral neutral , from vasilevskiy to neutral rando neutral neutral nhl neutral
negator anymore my positive ! we neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral how to neutral neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral years
negator that neutral neutral the preds positive positive neutral anyth , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how you neutral positive that with intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive undisput neutral of the positive goalies neutral the nhl , and neutral positive negator positive positive neutral hpositive neutral playoff neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you intensifier neutral hpositive ? negative neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral reddit neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive lmao
neutral replied to neutral canes' neutral . positive re-iterated that neutral neutral negator neutral saro would neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral where they positive neutral to neutral him . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral that the preds that neutral neutral neutral to the playoffs positive neutral neutral neutral to the finals . saro *is* neutral of the positive goalies neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral goals to neutral the intensifier hnegative preds to the finals .
wat ? neutral commented to neutral canes neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral having to neutral saro . neutral neutral neutral should negator positive becaus saro could negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral *figured* neutral would positive neutral neutral that saro could negator neutral neutral neutral to the finals sinc the neutral neutral neutral responding to neutral neutral canes neutral , which would neutral the neutral neutral that matchup could neutral . negative neutral , neutral intensifier positive that saro positive neutral badass . neutral mentioned neutral years neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative of saro than neutral neutral of rinne becaus saro would neutral the avs positive hnegative .
neutral neutral , that positive neutral , neutral missed that neutral neutral positive neutral canes neutral you responded to . preds neutral their neutral neutral neutral putting positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral you neutral neutral if you neutral heard of anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral negator neutral everyth himself .
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral hnegative you hnegative neutral neutral neutral someth
neutral , neutral neutral negator negative shit neutral saro . neutral neutral rinne neutral neutral neutral positive the avs positive neutral hnegative neutral vs saro . neutral neutral negator negative shit neutral neutral , hpositive neutral that neutral positive negator neutral to neutral positive to neutral the preds to the finals .
multistop neutral neutral okay . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral your neutral 's neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral them to the finals and negative associating that with neutral having diminisher neutral issues . neutral neutral you positive neutral , neutral .
you neutral the neutral neutral rinne neutral neutral squeaked into the playoffs neutral negative neutral rinne neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
worlds negative neutral , gotta neutral neutral the neutral
neutral , you neutral neutral . neutral happened neutral intensifier neutral positive intensifier gonna neutral neutral . my hnegative . preds neutral positive points neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of neutral to neutral that they would negator neutral neutral neutral the finals neutral juuse 's shoulders .
neutral neutral neutral and squirmed . intensifier negative for jeannot .
that neutral intensifier of negative to neutral neutral playoff neutral . intensifier . neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral negative
damn…
neutral , neutral neutral neutral and cringed neutral neutral . hpositive , neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral looks neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
positive that negator neutral to neutral that
neutral astounded how the preds neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral that positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
intensifier and intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive that saro deserves the vezina thi neutral intensifier if the preds neutral hpositive the playoffs
nashville hpositive neutral neutral
negative shots canes preds
neutral neutral neutral - negative shots against the canes
shutouts neutral games positive intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive thi neutral finishes neutral the neutral and ends neutral with the rangers neutral the neutral neutral .
nino neutral neutral neutral
we could positive neutral thi
saro owns neutral
saro has positive diminisher neutral vs neutral . neutral the neutral positive and neutral thi
neutral neutral neutral thi motivates the preds to neutral the jets , neutral neutral negative with neutral
neutral shit preds . what the fuck
preds neutral platoffs neutral positive neutral positive
negative of neutral neutral positive for that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral juuse saro !
preds could neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral . negative
what negative *experience* !
positive neutral . neutral issues . positive neutral
yo preds neutral neutral neutral neutral rn neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations they hpositive neutral neutral becaus they neutral intensifier neutral neutral their neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral would intensifier neutral to neutral them neutral neutral neutral thi neutral to hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral how to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral of neutral
lets intensifier neutral ! positive neutral
hnegative .
neutral
predators neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoff neutral . and if they hpositive neutral neutral , they could neutral hnegative .
" we positive our neutral . " - positive waddell neutral neutral neutral our neutral :
neutral neutral neutral from the neutral to positive positive neutral neutral negative the neutral and positive neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
idk what neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral pk neutral neutral . neutral positive positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral positive having neutral neutral for the neutral neutral the canes neutral neutral neutral and shit neutral the canes and neutral the devils tires . espn broadcasts neutral negative neutral positive
neutral neutral negator wanna neutral neutral neutral
canes negative neutral to neutral the shirts and hats
the neutral neutral positive !
neutral hpositive hpositive hynes positive positive intensifier neutral to neutral our negative players from the neutral and negator when neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive to injuries . hnegative if we neutral neutral jeannot and tolvanen neutral thi lineup . intensifier frustrating and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations hynes neutral negator neutral negative neutral positive for thi .
neutral neutral they neutral playing with neutral intensifier of hpositive and hpositive to neutral the neutral diminisher hpositive neutral the positive hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral goals hpositive neutral expected stats neutral negative .
tbh the vezina thi neutral positive neutral of if negator the neutral positive neutral years . ullmark , saro , sorokin and oettinger . vasi and helli neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral .
intensifier negative shots than shots neutral positive the preds neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral and the players asses than neutral neutral would
neutral intensifier sucks to neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher months neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative .
and positive yall neutral hpositive neutral
canes neutral neutral pre-playoff neutral
neutral josi neutral neutral , positive negator neutral neutral the positive , neutral neutral the preds neutral neutral would neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
tennessee positive >>> nc bbq
neutral neutral neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral thi neutral imo
svech neutral negator hnegative until neutral the neutral , neutral neutral ? neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , we neutral positive neutral hnegative negative .
doomer . neutral positive negator neutral positive cmon .
neutral positive positive nj has positive neutral neutral of the neutral positive positive hpositive hpositive . canes hpositive positive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral hnegative positive .
neutral neutral neutral pk neutral and neutral hpositive kevin weekes , negator intensifier neutral cally , neutral that neutral neutral hnegative neutral . intensifier neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . they should neutral neutral to neutral neutral analysts neutral my hnegative .
lol you neutral positive diminisher neutral to neutral
what neutral the hnegative isles ?
*hard earned points
neutral positive neutral neutral expected goals against compared to neutral the hnegative neutral goalies hpositive tells the neutral of the differences neutral neutral they neutral to neutral neutral .
if neutral played positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral the neutral negative multistop
neutral , neutral we positive neutral neutral stat from their neutral neutral neutral how neutral stm 's canceled neutral thi neutral .
positive how pastrenak neutral neutral the neutral to seconds of neutral neutral neutral negative of weeks neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi feelings positive the neutral neutral neutral .
frig hnegative !
we positive neutral , neutral positive negator neutral for negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations your dunkin positive neutral and negative neutral .
which neutral of tn ?
imo neutral diminisher would've positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral would've neutral neutral neutral the neutral . if we positive neutral of patches and svech hpositive positive neutral neutral would neutral . neutral positive we positive meier , neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral . aho and necas neutral the neutral hpositive players neutral our neutral with intensifier than goals .
idk , ive neutral for the neutral diminisher years that neutral neutral positive their positive neutral . hnegative they could neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive for negator thi neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive . the neutral positive signed neutral neutral neutral , the neutral pieces should neutral hpositive to neutral neutral , staal 's neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral tons of neutral to positive neutral the offseason , neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive patches has indicated ( of neutral negator neutral neutral thi ) that neutral hnegative negative to neutral neutral . negative how neutral neutral multistop *seasons* neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral . negator intensifier hnegative him for negator predicting that neutral of our neutral scorers would neutral neutral season-ending hnegative neutral negative weeks neutral the neutral , neutral we positive positive neutral negative neutral positive neutral for *years* neutral neutral neutral positive . positive we positive neutral , neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral negative hpositive neutral .
neutral negator hpositive that neutral of our positive neutral neutral scorers neutral shelved for the neutral . the patches hnegative happened neutral the tdl neutral neutral the neutral of the svech hnegative neutral negative .
the playoff neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral how devils neutral negator positive the neutral . negator neutral neutral they negative , they neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral that we neutral negator when we positive .
weekes positive negator negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral for the play-by-play neutral
we neutral neutral of neutral for them
neutral the hnegative negative of injuries to our neutral
neutral intensifier the neutral neutral . diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral remaining
hey neutral , neutral frigggged !
neutral positive neutral neutral of joe from catering thi neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral and negative tomo tyvm .
intensifier neutral . if y'all positive those neutral guys , you would neutral intensifier negative neutral the admirals .
um neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral the echl neutral points
neutral . we controlled neutral neutral of the neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral started our neutral intensifier hpositive and positive limped into the playoffs hpositive to neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral we " neutral " and outshoot our negative hpositive to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral scripted neutral thi neutral . hpositive hnegative you neutral negative neutral for your stm thi neutral neutral neutral your playoff tickets to neutral cari rangers neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
of neutral , and if neutral positive negator negative , neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral deserves to neutral positive to neutral . neutral if everyth checks neutral , and neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the hnegative moves the canes could hpositive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral ( neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral ) , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral qualifies for positive bonuses , which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive has diminisher benefits negative . hpositive , if neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral ; negator neutral . if neutral wants to and neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral positive the hnegative neutral having neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the offseason becaus of what neutral positive positive hpositive neutral . if the hnegative happens and neutral gets hnegative neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral , and they neutral the ltir neutral to neutral with , and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral issues .
which means negator , becaus we neutral negator negative . neutral neutral neutral of outshooting our negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
that positive negative neutral we neutral negator neutral hnegative than the neutral neutral echl neutral .
>we're neutral the neutral neutral neutral ! playing neutral for the neutral neutral of the neutral and creating neutral intensifier neutral positive means intensifier negator if we hnegative neutral neutral the playoffs . thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive played neutral positive positive thi . neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral , neutral , etc , etc . the boys hpositive neutral neutral neutral the all-star neutral and neutral the neutral neutral they neutral played neutral positive neutral neutral positive . nj should negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral becaus we neutral hnegative neutral neutral our games , neutral positive positive neutral hpositive hpositive they positive neutral neutral .
that positive neutral . they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .

kuzmenko has goals . neutral laughed when we compared him to panarin .
neutral hpositive of the makarov positive and neutral thi neutral the calder .
that positive neutral neutral positive of when neutral hpositive neutral stats , hnegative neutral neutral
shooting% positive negator hpositive . neutral positive gonna neutral neutral sophmore neutral neutral neutral positive positive the positive to hpositive neutral neutral peterson 's neutral neutral negative years
neutral neutral negator hpositive multistop neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral could positive with petey negative neutral biscuits neutral my neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
gg rangers . neutral intensifier neutral vova . negative
neutral hpositive you vova
neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral neutral negative neutral how shit we neutral neutral ot lol . gg stl
cheeks klapanen
neutral neutral sure… we diminisher neutral neutral thi neutral neutral somehow…
neutral buch hpositive seemed irritated neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral when neutral smiles neutral seems diminisher neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral played neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive deflated neutral tampa and to hnegative positive negative , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral playoff negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral , the neutral neutral fans neutral for tarasenko positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the fanbase neutral positive neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral the kane hype neutral , tarasenko neutral the neutral of the neutral for neutral .
for those neutral neutral halak sucked , negator neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral ot . neutral with the negative neutral neutral , and trocheck & panarin focusing neutral the neutral neutral . neutral . gg neutral ! we hpositive vova !
neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral that buch neutral . intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral our pk neutral of letting neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral seconds to neutral the neutral neutral
negative negative
positive neutral neutral of our players neutral drugged , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
ah neutral , gg neutral bros .
ggs neutral you for playing neutral diminisher neutral neutral where negator neutral neutral hnegative . neutral the neutral neutral mika neutral
neutral you neutral .
that neutral positive neutral vibes neutral the slugfest neutral neutral vs tampa .
hnegative neutral positive neutral of the slowest games of the neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral to neutral how neutral vova and the stl fans cared for neutral hnegative . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral neutral childrens positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral him neutral , neutral seems positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral liked vova and neutral thrilled when the rangers neutral him . neutral positive played neutral sinc neutral neutral . ggs buttholeconnoisseur !
negator neutral neutral playoffs . negator hnegative neutral neutral
of neutral neutral claps them cheeks neutral st . neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for him to neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative , neutral neutral of the neutral we neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive when neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative to neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive with diminisher guys neutral neutral . hnegative neutral backchecked neutral the neutral , neutral neutral managed to neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral to the neutral neutral .
negative buch neutral , positive hpositive , neutral your neutral from the neutral nicknames .
neutral vladdy positive hpositive neutral
neutral neutral negator that hnegative of neutral neutral lol
cardio neutral - neutral neutral , neutral , neutral negator neutral hnegative .
neutral positive neutral of the neutral positive players to neutral negative the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets neutral neutral the neutral neutral for yall . positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral rooting for .
positive neutral continues to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for yall !
neutral w-l : canes : devils : rangers : neutral positive intensifier neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral shootout .
neutral neutral
positive the intensifier hnegative for neutral - neutral games that neutral neutral ot and neutral shootouts .
shoutout that neutral positive leafs neutral neutral the pgt neutral taunted mcavoys hnegative neutral of you guys neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral shit that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that hnegative when neutral happened . neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative hnegative that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for him to neutral positive hnegative
hpositive hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive negative neutral . hnegative neutral whoever neutral thar
if their neutral neutral with neutral positive that the neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral banned neutral neutral . they neutral neutral banned and neutral positive accounts . when we neutral neutral neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral the gdt for hnegative fans to neutral them .
negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of the neutral .
neutral neutral the leafs gdt neutral negative and we neutral him for neutral . fuck neutral positive that . if we neutral neutral playing neutral the playoffs neutral negative jt to neutral neutral positive
toronto neutral neutral kd neutral neutral achilles neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral terms of hnegative neutral
gdts neutral neutral the hnegative fans . neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral them . neutral negative mcavoy neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive and neutral positive neutral positive , neutral the neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets thru neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral
neutral tampa fans neutral that hnegative “ dahlin neutral butted cernaks neutral ” intensifier neutral neutral okposo
you neutral hpositive him intensifier positive if you negative neutral the neutral neutral of messages neutral hpositive neutral negator negative to neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral how the refs rigged the neutral against toronto and when anyon replied to neutral neutral called neutral neutral negative of racists and positive neutral negative neutral mcavoy 's hnegative . neutral neutral of you guys neutral negator hnegative neutral that neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral for toronto 's hnegative , the neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral 's hnegative becaus of the shitty neutral fans neutral pittsburgh 's hnegative becaus of the shitty pittsburgh fans . neutral : mods deleted neutral comments , neutral neutral neutral neutral our of hnegative . my neutral to neutral of them positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral others , fuck that neutral
neutral positive neutral positive fuck toronto neutral neutral neutral neutral toronto neutral says fuck neutral . and that positive negative . neutral we , neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive negator okay hpositive hnegative neutral negative neutral . we neutral neutral neutral to neutral our teams positive and neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive should neutral neutral of the neutral for neutral neutral .
negator our neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the leafs neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral the bruins intensifier hpositive for the neutral neutral . we neutral negator neutral the hall-coyle-bertuzzi neutral neutral positive
what ? fans neutral that neutral the neutral . negator neutral toronto neutral . negative you hnegative neutral :

our positive negator hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral with positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive what their neutral neutral positive neutral leafs fans positive neutral to neutral them neutral for neutral teams to neutral becaus they neutral the worsttttt
neutral you neutral neutral neutral the neutral you shared ?
congratulations neutral using google to hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral your neutral
positive ?
neutral , neutral neutral kd 's hnegative neutral hnegative . neutral bringing neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative against the neutral neutral and positive neutral hnegative when the neutral positive neutral to you positive intensifier negative . fans neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . of the neutral fans positive positive neutral when the neutral gets neutral and they positive neutral him and neutral neutral hpositive intentions . positive that you positive neutral that to neutral the neutral of how leafs fans neutral diminisher than when they ( neutral ) neutral the neutral neutral when the neutral neutral negator work…or how the hnegative neutral they positive for the neutral jackets neutral neutral neutral of shots neutral neutral nhl neutral . you neutral hnegative when others neutral neutral moments neutral neutral your replies , neutral you neutral neutral with you neutral picking when uncal for ?
the neutral neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral
they should neutral him to neutral neutral
the panthers neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral and the positive neutral neutral the neutral . what neutral hpositive neutral !
bro positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the vezina
neutral neutral gonna neutral y'all to neutral neutral intensifier negative .
presidents neutral neutral neutral , nah fam . neutral neutral and neutral the neutral 's neutral winners , yaaaassssss

neutral neutral neutral avoided neutral neutral for multistop reasons multistop thi neutral , neutral what happened to neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral for the panthers ?
they neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator they ?
panthers org : neutral neutral neutral neutral when diminisher than neutral neutral neutral negative ?
neutral negator the flyers hpositive neutral neutral positive alex neutral ? / neutral
neutral yourself neutral neutral with negative negative neutral . seems to neutral neutral hpositive positive .
if we gotta neutral our neutral positive neutral
i…killed…mufasa !
neutral positive neutral panthers fans positive neutral the positive chiarot neutral and the neutral neutral zito negative neutral . neutral legit hnegative toward the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral for mtl
hnegative bobrovsky sounds
neutral the lyghtning ! thi neutral 's hamburglar .
neutral neutral hnegative
negative neutral
ooof neutral neutral hpositive the ‘canes neutral him neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
if neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral negative neutral
hpositive than neutral neutral
hpositive , neutral tallon neutral neutral you
thi neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
tbh , neutral neutral neutral ya .
naw , you guys neutral with neutral !
players hpositive neutral ( neutral positive that neutral positive positive neutral , negator neutral neutral )
entered neutral neutral hpositive neutral for negative negative positive , could neutral negative , negative , and / neutral neutral hnegative . we neutral neutral hpositive pulling for him to neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral my ribs hnegative if they neutral neutral cbj neutral
the neutral neutral drops if they hpositive the ecf , intensifier neutral positive neutral positive !
they neutral neutral commuted neutral neutral neutral neutral and thi neutral positive arguably hpositive than neutral of them lol
dustin neutral
neutral would neutral hpositive for him
neutral neutral the neutral . mauric neutral neutral him into the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . if neutral 's neutral runs neutral , positive neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral well-rested neutral to neutral neutral the neutral
neutral 's positive neutral with him neutral prepping for games .
neutral positive positive that . neutral neutral to hpositive how neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral of neutral negative
neutral lou
how positive neutral neutral with benn negative
dang - hpositive neutral gets the hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral would intensifier neutral positive neutral you neutral your ribs hnegative .
neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral
diminisher intensifier neutral numbers neutral the ahl ngl
from everyth neutral neutral neutral , that positive intensifier hpositive . neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral smiled and negative neutral neutral the hpositive you could neutral for hnegative the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral with him for neutral neutral against toronto , neutral him where matthews neutral him which neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral lyons neutral neutral neutral games neutral .
becaus they neutral neutral marchment . we could negator neutral to neutral him neutral hpositive we could've .
positive , neutral neutral neutral diminisher newer neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator positive what benn neutral to hpositive negative neutral neutral negator negative . from neutral non-hockey neutral , neutral positive their neutral / jerseys , and from neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive robo , neutral , and of neutral my positive marchment .
neutral shows you how diminisher neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral and neutral neutral using games to neutral what they neutral . they neutral boudreau and neutral him neutral to neutral .

the neutral neutral hpositive to neutral you neutral the “ pussification of neutral ” neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
that positive neutral shoresy neutral neutral of neutral
and neutral of that neutral sired neutral keith tkachuk
neutral neutral neutral . eddi neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral redmond would positive , " that 's neutral neutral neutral , neutral ! "
neutral thi and the goals / sog stats neutral positive positive thi neutral negative positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral likes to neutral neutral chippi neutral intensifier they neutral negator hnegative to these kinds of antics , neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral teams positive neutral neutral for neutral hnegative neutral neutral , and for neutral neutral that positive positive called negative thi neutral , neutral seemed to intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral with how they positive negator neutral to neutral positive .
neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral of rangers / flyers neutral neutral the lol
keith tkachuk : panthers neutral negative neutral negative , they neutral to neutral intensifier positive the senators panthers : …and we neutral that neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral smh .
neutral neutral sens neutral neutral neutral that neutral the neutral frustrating neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . the sens would neutral for minutes neutral positive neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive for the panthers to neutral neutral for seconds and neutral neutral intensifier neutral . the refs intensifier neutral neutral which positive neutral positive to neutral neutral diminisher when your neutral positive neutral negative neutral lol
neutral yer balls neutral negative !
we neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral these neutral negative neutral with neutral / neutral , nyr/tampa and seattle / neutral . hpositive neutral .
hakuna matata motherfucker
neutral of thi from keith tkachuk 's balls
panthers fucked neutral and neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral negative shots and negator neutral pushback .
to neutral expected when neutral neutral neutral rats named tkachuk playing .
that neutral the ryan neutral vs negative neutral neutral . hpositive hpositive .
lmao
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral my neutral . to neutral patton " neutral hpositive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier "
when you boys neutral neutral jerking neutral hnegative hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral your moms to hpositive intensifier minutes to my neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral to the movies thi neutral . neutral yer balls neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral the penalties neutral says that positive negator neutral hnegative .
you neutral positive neutral neutral . -
neutral neutral eddi neutral !
with the neutral of neutral that neutral called neutral neutral they positive negator neutral .
neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral
fucked neutral and neutral what neutral the panthers hpositive neutral positive ?
neutral negator you guys neutral negative neutral neutral goals and neutral knocked neutral of the playoffs ? neutral neutral negator neutral that positive neutral neutral from neutral 's pov
neutral ? you guys started neutral when brady neutral into neutral and you guys neutral neutral neutral into him
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral playing games neutral neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher negative with how the neutral played neutral , neutral our goaltending ( positive neutral ) . played neutral their neutral the neutral neutral , neutral them negative and positive neutral neutral neutral shots .
neutral 's neutral of neutral neutral positive when pittsburg and the islanders hpositive the playoffs and they neutral negator
negator , you guys started neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral debrincat . y'all fucked neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral lmao , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and you guys jumped him
your positive needed to positive and neutral neutral negative positive neutral the neutral . that hpositive neutral the neutral neutral hnegative stages , negator neutral neutral positive positive . if anyon fucked neutral , neutral neutral and neutral neutral himself neutral of the neutral .
debrincat intensifier neutral tkachuk hnegative neutral neutral that neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive positive
neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral you neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral ? lmaooooo okay
which neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative
you guys neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral fucks neutral your neutral , negative
positive positive for what ?
neutral positive someth intensifier hnegative neutral neutral fanbase of neutral neutral with neutral tkachuk neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral tkachuk neutral neutral with their neutral .
playoff neutral , if they neutral neutral which they neutral , that eliminated neutral chances of clinching . that positive neutral that " positive . " positive neutral their neutral of the standings neutral .
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral from to counts neutral neutral positive positive neutral , neutral if that makes you positive hpositive , positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral " positive positive neutral " for the sens .
neutral has negator to neutral with " makes you positive hpositive . " if they neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral would've positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral , and hpositive to neutral diminisher hpositive neutral if neutral neutral than negator hpositive neutral neutral , neutral their actions and negative to neutral disciplined robbed the neutral , themselv , and their fans of that neutral hpositive , hnegative how neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to negator hpositive to neutral the neutral they positive neutral shaq , and they neutral neutral . anyth neutral neutral , neutral of the hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
positive positive , neutral neutral if they hnegative they neutral eliminated from playoff neutral . positive positive , neutral neutral if they positive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive . neutral hpositive positive neutral hpositive . if you neutral neutral neutral should hpositive neutral neutral becaus their hpositive positive intensifier neutral , neutral positive hpositive to neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral the panthers .
if neutral neutral you neutral negator positive , neutral neutral !
*everything neutral touches neutral to goals*
bing negative
that positive neutral neutral neutral from negative !
negator hnegative has neutral happened with the leafs having neutral neutral hpositive , neutral ?
neutral neutral negative to neutral hnegative neutral
thi years neutral neutral hpositive positive negator neutral hpositive neutral these neutral diminisher years , their neutral neutral positive negator neutral the neutral . leafs should positive thi imo . that neutral neutral neutral positive the leafs…
neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral and neutral .
im intensifier intensifier pumped to neutral neutral positive
and for the neutral neutral year…
neutral neutral negator positive playing neutral for the neutral neutral . thi hnegative neutral the neutral leafs hpositive neutral outta the neutral neutral
neutral the memes neutral ! neutral the memes neutral !
gonna neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral if the leafs neutral negator positive thi , neutral thi neutral positive neutral to neutral overhauled hnegative neutral the off-season .
neutral neutral with the ! remindme neutral if you hpositive , neutral neutral guaranteeing thi . negator neutral neutral the leafs negative thi neutral , neutral positive negator neutral gonna neutral games . toronto has them neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , and we neutral positive neutral vasy positive neutral . thi positive the neutral
the nhl should neutral into neutral someth positive . neutral sinc they positive kid neutral playing the allstar neutral years neutral neutral neutral positive multistop
thi positive the neutral the leafs neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral from positive negative neutral of neutral neutral the finals .
neutral neutral neutral negator screams " thi neutral positive hpositive . " neutral vasy , yall positive neutral negative
we neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
what could neutral neutral hnegative ?
positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral positive positive ? neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral into neutral hpositive
thi positive the hpositive to neutral the negative hnegative their neutral neutral . neutral of the leafs sinc positive neutral pulling for them neutral neutral - from hpositive walton neutral salming and sundin and cujo and wendel . neutral neutral for neutral neutral boys !
neutral negator neutral .
negative
and positive the neutral neutral teams . they positive positive hnegative , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to positive the finals ( and hpositive positive neutral if neutral neutral negator hnegative ) . neutral to neutral positive , thi neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral years , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and hpositive from the neutral neutral and neutral runs and neutral my hnegative ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral , sinc neutral they neutral missed playoffs sinc neutral the neutral neutral hnegative ) . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the positive and negative of the players neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral years , neutral positive negative . neutral neutral our blueline thi year… neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative lol . neutral positive neutral thi neutral , neutral the leafs neutral intensifier hpositive , and positive negator neutral surprised if they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral
what neutral positive
thi hnegative neutral the neutral , tampa positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral diminisher neutral . with that neutral neutral they neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral if we hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral nhl neutral for neutral diminisher years for the neutral of my positive hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral leafs neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral negative hpositive thi neutral and neutral hpositive neutral would neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral thi matchup multistop
positive negator hpositive for neutral .
neutral looked positive they neutral neutral guys neutral neutral . neutral neutral that , hnegative than having vasi , the leafs positive to neutral positive ? neutral hpositive neutral positive diminisher neutral meme neutral they positive to neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral and positive shit neutral . if leafs negator positive thi neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive what neutral they neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral
and neutral hnegative neutral , toronto pharmacies neutral positive neutral negative for anti-depressants . customers claiming neutral positive " hpositive neutral neutral " .
neutral neutral we neutral positive hnegative than neutral years , neutral playoff neutral positive neutral hpositive negative from neutral neutral neutral . thi matchup has positive hpositive neutral neutral sinc neutral , intensifier games neutral negator positive neutral that positive for months .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations for the fans' neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive what neutral positive positive to positive neutral .
memers : " omg , the leafs negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral " their neutral neutral opponents :
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral reruns .
neutral positive neutral . neutral to neutral to steve positive .
neutral neutral for them neutral neutral .
hpositive leafs , hpositive positive the neutral neutral for steve , neutral neutral
leafs *should* positive thi neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive and they neutral neutral hnegative . that neutral , vasilevsky could neutral neutral vasilevsky things and positive neutral neutral himself .
we neutral neutral thi for months .
neutral intensifier negative to neutral the leafs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive the off-season positive neutral intensifier positive if they hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral
leafs neutral positive neutral someth when neutral their demons
neutral positive negator negative , tampa positive neutral positive .
y'all neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral them hnegative neutral assholes .
neutral neutral positive thi neutral before…
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral toronto neutral neutral positive those leafs
you neutral positive , leafs
and for the neutral neutral eliminated neutral the neutral neutral !
anybodi neutral neutral the neutral dmen tampa neutral trotting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral surprised if thi neutral hits neutral games .
neutral neutral we should neutral neutral the favorites neutral from neutral points neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral from the negative positive neutral positive and neutral negative of neutral hpositive hpositive points . the " positive " positive negator that positive , thi positive neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral that positive positive to neutral neutral finals neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive that neutral intensifier hpositive thi . hpositive neutral when the neutral teams neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
if keefe uses neutral neutral and plasters ror neutral neutral the leafs positive positive , they neutral the neutral neutral .
positive toronto neutral neutral their neutral neutral negative , neutral ? neutral ?
neutral you negative to hpositive what the neutral of negative positive ?
the leafs neutral positive . hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive they neutral to neutral neutral of these neutral , neutral ?
and neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral the neutral neutral intensifier we neutral negator neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral
positive , negator neutral gonna neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative you guys to positive neutral if you hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral those fucks .
neutral positive negator hnegative neutral happens to the kennedys vibes .
positive thi positive your neutral , neutral ? neutral multiquestion
que neutral the padme meme … multistop neutral ?
to neutral neutral , we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth and neutral
thi positive the neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral hnegative ( neutral neutral negative , negator positive neutral defeats ) . thi neutral multistop leafs neutral the favourites , they hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral they positive positive , hpositive that they should .
neutral words : vasilevskiy
neutral , neutral neutral tampa means negator
shutupshutupshutupshup neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral negator gonna negative neutral becaus if neutral positive neutral , they positive positive negative neutral , neutral neutral positive the restaraunt of the neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral neutral and multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral you hpositive positive the leafs neutral hpositive and neutral neutral hpositive hpositive and negator hnegative the bolts ?
the leafs should've positive montreal , and we neutral hpositive what happened neutral
hpositive kidding neutral negative them neutral
uhhh neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral and neutral that positive gonna neutral the neutral .

they should neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral their neutral . neutral negative .
that neutral neutral .
*angry steve positive noises*
pls negator
to hnegative to neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral favour of neutral them positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral
that would neutral negative neutral my hnegative becaus they neutral the positive they neutral looked neutral decades .
neutral they gonna neutral hpositive them negator the leafs ? neutral we negative neutral neutral ?
and they should . neutral positive negative to neutral shanahan-dubas neutral everyon neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral if they negator positive neutral neutral . ( how neutral neutral neutral the diminisher leafs logo besid my neutral ? )
neutral would negator neutral shocked if leafs neutral neutral into gordon ramsay neutral the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral if they neutral neutral .
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral positive to the implications of the matthews hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral negative !
remindme ! weeks
leafs negator neutral neutral hedman
thi positive diminisher negative neutral shit . neutral neutral neutral for neutral , neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive the neutral neutral they neutral negator played neutral thi neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral the leafs neutral negator played .
neutral multistop neutral that . ya' neutral the rags hpositive neutral that .
neutral sorokin , neutral neutral that vasy positive neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral and we hpositive that
with divisions neutral , neutral could neutral neutral to teams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tiebreakers with seeds neutral negative neutral . would neutral for neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
toronto
neutral negator the neutral of kuch , stamkos , neutral , hedman , vasi neutral positive and hpositive ?
> ( and hpositive positive neutral if neutral neutral negator hnegative ) . neutral your negative
tbh , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral .
when my neutral positive negator - neutral neutral neutral for the neutral negative outcomes . neutral hpositive neutral positive . neutral thi neutral , neutral outcomes could neutral intensifier - hnegative leafs positive tampa neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral someth . oof .
positive . the neutral positive the greatest neutral .
negator sweeps neutral neutral the neutral bruv . hpositive neutral neutral
neutral positive you guys neutral ?

lol neutral you neutral neutral to neutral downvoted neutral your neutral fanbase for thi neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , eh ?
welp neutral thi positive folks neutral hpositive jinxed neutral neutral , neutral vasy gonna neutral neutral shutty .
for neutral the self-depreciating leafs fans , neutral positive neutral diminisher that neutral neutral hpositive and that positive what makes eliminating them hpositive neutral . neutral neutral : samsonov neutral neutral bones and neutral neutral neutral versu vasilevskiy . neutral the hnegative neutral neutral and neutral which neutral they positive hpositive .
neutral mafia
if we hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive confirms we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if they hnegative neutral neutral . intensifier if neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral fans , intensifier when neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral hammered that neutral .
neutral positive hoping that o'reilly positive the hnegative neutral
fuck multistop you neutral neutral . we neutral the kennedy 's .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier positive , neutral the leafs neutral to positive thi neutral . they neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . negator hnegative what neutral you guys neutral neutral if you hnegative neutral , neutral neutral feelings positive neutral would neutral someth neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator negative negative negative , neutral positive hpositive that they positive defeated….again.
sir… that positive um… neutral negative multistop negator positive
neutral the neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral positive neutral okay positive if neutral neutral intensifier saiyan neutral . which neutral playoff neutral positive intensifier neutral .
> neutral hnegative negator neutral , neutral that multistop neutral multistop neutral scares neutral
neutral negative neutral and goals to the neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral
neutral neutral what if vasilevskiy neutral discovers neutral neutral hpositive for neutral and decides thi neutral neutral neutral positive negator for him ? neutral you positive that ?
yup . neutral neutral neutral neutral cheers for the panthers neutral neutral neutral neutral tampa with neutral negative negative of neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the leafs positive negator positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral surprised if tampa looks positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral from neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral everyon neutral , and we neutral negator neutral neutral positive .
if the leafa neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral , positive neutral !
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral negative tampa intensifier . atleast toronto neutral negator positive hnegative neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
the neutral 's neutral .
thi positive the neutral
neutral
neutral hpositive positive positive .
negator hates the losers
ah , neutral positive the neutral you neutral .
what positive the neutral of steve positive bashing neutral neutral against the neutral of the scotiabank neutral neutral ?
neutral them neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral my hnegative neutral .
positive and neutral neutral toronto . hnegative and neutral relocated to quebec neutral .
neutral them positive the lakeshore to neutral .
if the leafs hnegative neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral takes the neutral for neutral . dubas the gm positive neutral / neutral neutral positive , intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive from the neutral that has assembled neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive mlse positive
neutral positive negator positive neutral hasn't positive positive neutral . neutral neutral the oilers and leafs positive positive
neutral neutral the sidebar where neutral says 'get flair'
neutral called positive , and neutral neutral what browser/app you neutral using , adding neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive , neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the sidebar of neutral app neutral hnegative you neutral using . neutral :

hedman positive negator neutral tampa 's positive defenseman thi neutral .
negator the tampa-leafs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral the neutral neutral iirc
biased neutral when neutral positive neutral igor positive neutral neutral neutral their negative
neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral which means we neutral toronto and neutral intensifier than hpositive neutral neutral . thi neutral , we neutral played neutral hpositive which positive hnegative .
neutral they neutral , neutral they neutral played intensifier neutral games neutral the neutral diminisher years , neutral intensifier than neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral positive neutral to neutral . hedman and vasi , neutral hpositive neutral they neutral , neutral negator positive neutral hpositive neutral they positive years neutral
neutral the roles . neutral the avs positive if neutral positive hpositive and mackinnon positive hnegative ?
neutral negator hnegative negator having our negative neutral neutral for our neutral wins would've neutral neutral hnegative , intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral the games : neutral neutral blew neutral hnegative neutral neutral , and the hnegative games positive neutral games of which neutral to ot ) . neutral neutral neutral makes neutral negative hnegative .
cirelli and neutral positive hnegative . neutral you neutral the av 's positive against neutral playoff hpositive neutral and cirelli ? neutral of those games positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive hpositive you negator neutral the neutral and you guys neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that the neutral neutral has neutral hpositive neutral if the bolts neutral of neutral their positive playoff neutral scorers hpositive .
negator ? you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
negator fuckin positive
pens , islanders neutral panthers . neutral neutral neutral rooting for the isles . sorokin would hpositive hpositive the neutral intensifier positive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral himself . for negative neutral neutral hoping for the pens , becaus neutral neutral the playoffs neutral hpositive hpositive with sid neutral neutral . neutral for neutral neutral
leafs neutral neutral negative yourself into positive thi positive the neutral bolts neutral neutral the neutral .
groundhog neutral
neutral the leafs intensifier hpositive neutral ?
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations negator , neutral neutral neutral becaus of neutral neutral morons
neutral neutral the neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier .
positive thi vancouver neutral montreal ?
neutral neutral , neutral has diminisher intensifier happened intensifier hpositive than neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral leafs fans neutral negative negative to neutral to neutral neutral the neutral to neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative .
if we positive neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral what happens to thi neutral multistop until neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral facts to neutral what neutral neutral neutral , the leafs neutral hnegative positive multistop the yankees neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral that attracts positive neutral neutral positive neutral , and the neutral that neutral neutral has hpositive players to neutral hnegative players positive to neutral hnegative amounts of neutral neutral things . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive with advertisment dollars and hnegative shit neutral the neutral . intensifier you neutral neutral with these mega teams you hpositive hpositive to negative . matthews and marner and nylander and tavares neutral hpositive neutral negative talents and negative salaries that neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral diminisher years . neutral negative them to hnegative negator positive to neutral negative for them neutral the neutral of toronto , neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral negator negative that neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral words : neutral neutral vasilevskiy
neutral positive negative of letters for neutral words
the assalanche ?
tbf neutral positive neutral neutral negative
leafs positive negator neutral the neutral the avs positive neutral neutral lol .
thi leafs neutral positive hpositive neutral they ain't " neutral neutral neutral " hpositive
neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . granted , if the leafs neutral neutral goals per minutes , that positive neutral hnegative to positive , neutral the leafs neutral negator the neutral .
neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral , uh , someth neutral neutral the neutral positive
*first neutral negative .
you positive neutral your neutral cups and negator intensifier
could neutral hnegative . neutral neutral qc positive hpositive them positive their neutral .
ooo intensifier stakes
positive neutral would neutral if the leafs positive demoted to the ahl and positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral and montreal
neutral positive what the hnegative neutral neutral . if they hnegative they neutral to neutral the neutral to quebec .
neutral the neutral neutral , hnegative . neutral neutral hellebuyck , shesterkin , and neutral sorokin neutral him . neutral neutral my hnegative vasy positive the positive neutral neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral . and diminisher positive if neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral , it'd neutral him .
hpositive neutral positive neutral him
neutral , bruins could neutral the neutral points… multistop
the avs neutral positive mcdavid neutral neutral and neutral lines positive positive . negator neutral neutral to neutral the neutral .
the avs neutral positive mcdavid with negator hnegative neutral neutral . we positive negator neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative you neutral multistop neutral the avs positive hpositive neutral neutral positive mcdavid with negator positive . neutral would negator neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral that lol . neutral neutral hpositive your neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative that we neutral neutral intensifier cups than you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral neutral neutral to
neutral negative yourself into positive thi positive negator the neutral leafs neutral that positive choked neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator , diminisher becaus neutral intensifier neutral neutral toronto .
neutral neutral neutral " neutral " neutral my hnegative neutral . neutral negative of neutral graders positive marching neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral " the canucks neutral " and they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral
that neutral feelings hnegative , when they drafted of the neutral from tavares , neutral positive neutral positive their neutral positive neutral , they neutral positive neutral intensifier positive assembled neutral , with their neutral neutral , neutral diminisher hnegative homegrown stars , and diminisher neutral neutral neutral additions via trades and neutral neutral .
hnegative , hpositive , neutral , neutral , neutral ( neutral ) , neutral , yes…
and positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral and negative him the neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop
epl-style neutral would positive positive things neutral neutral neutral .
and we negative to neutral our neutral neutral to negative y'all with bedard , fantilli neutral neutral for intensifier than neutral neutral . win-win .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral would've neutral , neutral hnegative than the neutral neutral neutral games neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . having neutral hpositive neutral neutral would've neutral neutral hnegative neutral diminisher of the games
oilers neutral neutral neutral of their neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
congrats neutral the cups you hpositive neutral of them . hey neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the leafs neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral negator intensifier to neutral than that . if neutral neutral neutral to neutral games neutral would favour your neutral . hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral called the positive neutral ? neutral positive neutral laughed my neutral hnegative neutral that .
lol neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral when the neutral neutral happened . neutral neutral intensifier negative , neutral neutral playing hnegative neutral when neutral heard neutral the negative and positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral . neutral my mom neutral neutral that neutral happens .
neutral and they neutral negator positive the yankees neutral becaus the yankees neutral positive . the canadiens neutral the yankees neutral , the leafs neutral intensifier positive the neutral mets
you neutral neutral the neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral multistop hpositive negative .
neutral points neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral assignments neutral neutral and makar/toews neutral shuts neutral positive if neutral positive neutral neutral negator . they positive neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral hpositive lines than the neutral neutral .
positive , neutral neutral . leafs neutral my bandwagon hnegative . if you fuck thi neutral , neutral neutral , and hnegative to the bs you neutral hnegative to neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive the leafs neutral negator neutral for years , neutral neutral negator positive the habs neutral negator neutral for years . negator neutral positive the yankees becaus negator neutral wins .
neutral neutral negative the hype neutral them , the neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral . the positive positive , positive names they neutral neutral neutral droves . the neutral they neutral negator positive positive negator neutral negative neutral , hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral what if , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral would've neutral if neutral teams positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral with neutral we would've positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that having neutral would've neutral negator hnegative to the neutral positive hpositive hnegative
neutral neutral the yankees neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years intensifier neutral positive negator that neutral hnegative
fuck neutral positive positive years .
neutral neutral your hnegative positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and those neutral diminisher players we drafted neutral has positive positive neutral neutral . when neutral started neutral thi neutral neutral our neutral players positive phil kessel and jvr . neutral loved them neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral they positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral the stars we neutral positive . we neutral to neutral to neutral positive neutral agents hnegative neutral we could neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral becaus of the neutral that we drafted . negator neutral intensifier wanted to neutral neutral with the neutral to neutral neutral our shit neutral neutral we drafted matthews and started our neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of our negator hpositive the playoffs neutral . negator neutral thi positive hpositive becaus of matthews if anyon takes neutral that neutral , neutral neutral positive that neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral where thi neutral neutral things neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive him . neutral positive , neutral neutral negator neutral . we positive allowed to neutral with stamkos neutral neutral neutral neutral ufa and neutral neutral to neutral neutral tampa becaus thi neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral to positive him to neutral neutral . and neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , positive neutral what tampa has neutral sinc positive .
negative negator neutral that multistop neutral they neutral would negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral they would neutral neutral . we positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral positive mcdavid and the oilers . neutral neutral negator gonna neutral the neutral having to neutral positive neutral .
hpositive , neutral if you neutral neutral neutral negative , the yankees neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral years .
neutral positive positive we neutral neutral negator !
positive negative neutral positive thi neutral . flames and jets has positive positive negative . neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral to neutral for neutral teams .
hnegative . the senators positive contenders . until they neutral negator neutral neutral to points .
neutral the neutral gets neutral neutral . if the pens positive neutral neutral neutral reg positive gets neutral neutral

neutral we eliminated neutral . for neutral that counts for
the neutral hnegative to juuse saro
neutral , neutral having spots neutral the neutral neutral neutral sinc positive neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher neutral for the wc spots .
the senators positive negator neutral for neutral playoff neutral neutral into neutral .
hpositive positive the neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the panthers and islanders and how hpositive the pens neutral positive compared to yinz haha
intensifier negative
and detroit .
we neutral neutral winners neutral thi neutral neutral
neutral negative you neutral neutral detroit neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral gets them neutral .
they neutral positive playing neutral the neutral neutral neutral . when they neutral hpositive , they neutral hpositive neutral intensifier positive . they neutral negative neutral positive for neutral diminisher .
hnegative they positive . they positive negator positive eliminated .
negator negative positive . neutral positive the neutral neutral the leafs neutral neutral the playoffs
that positive neutral columbus neutral neutral neutral the playoff positive neutral the all-star neutral becaus they positive negator positive eliminated positive .
penguins aswel hpositive neutral , neutral tbf neutral and negator positive neutral
negator neutral ain't
neutral the games that neutral , the senators neutral points neutral and neutral if they neutral neutral , they neutral neutral diminisher neutral of the neutral to neutral that neutral wc neutral . to hnegative the panthers the panthers could neutral neutral neutral neutral their remaining games . they negator hnegative them neutral the tiebreaker . to hnegative the islanders the islanders couldonly neutral neutral neutral their remaining games neutral the islanders neutral to points neutral their remaining games if the senators positive neutral neutral neutral and the islanders neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . to hnegative the penguins the penguins couldonly neutral to points neutral their neutral games neutral the penguins neutral points and neutral wins intensifier neutral neutral neutral than the penguins neutral neutral those neutral games . to hnegative the sabres the sabres could neutral neutral points neutral their neutral games neutral the sabres neutral points if the sabres neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier games neutral neutral than the senators neutral . they neutral negator hpositive to neutral of those teams for the neutral with how diminisher games positive neutral .
hnegative they neutral
