neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral how they neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . vaemond neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral she positive intensifier hnegative .
thi neutral neutral diminisher hnegative . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , the greens started attacking her neutral . and neutral neutral against the neutral . if viserys neutral negator neutral , positive corlys positive neutral hpositive . rhaenyra has neutral neutral neutral if she neutral negator . otto killed neutral neutral becaus they refused to neutral the hnegative .
you neutral disregarding the neutral that she positive neutral women neutral to neutral norms neutral negative negative neutral 's neutral . and she positive asking for her neutral 's hpositive , hnegative alicent neutral has to neutral positive favors to neutral positive positive larys
shows her negative . neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral how the neutral to the neutral could neutral neutral from kl for neutral years . neutral would neutral her to neutral neutral neutral aegon / helaena 's neutral , to neutral her neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral etc
the writers positive fucked neutral neutral neutral to neutral rhaenyra and negative vaemond . neutral the neutral vaemond 's neutral shows that , rhaenyra and hnegative neutral neutral neutral anyth to hnegative her positive , which makes alicent negative neutral her neutral . neutral the neutral negator neutral believes that and alicent positive to hnegative the neutral .
neutral positive against the neutral to neutral bastards and neutral to neutral them neutral the neutral of neutral to the driftmark neutral they neutral negator neutral to . neutral positive neutral against the neutral to neutral to neutral neutral bastards neutral the neutral negator legitimizing them neutral . she neutral negator neutral neutral to positive the neutral that she neutral intensifier neutral children with negative neutral neutral laenor , thi neutral neutral recognizes that neutral
intensifier neutral you negative neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral 's hpositive neutral negative negative neutral neutral , and positive negative alicent for neutral neutral neutral 's hpositive neutral negative negative neutral neutral ?
neutral , neutral neutral negator you neutral the neutral that she sired bastards ( hpositive ) negator neutral hpositive ?
> ! neutral f&b , she positive banished / exiled to dragonstone for neutral hnegative . neutral neutral , they neutral from neutral to neutral . ! < neutral positive neutral that the neutral changed that .
positive positive , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral they neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral negator negative alicent . alicent neutral neutral and neutral hpositive from otto , larys , hnegative , aemond…
hpositive neutral , they should neutral showed that viserys neutral negator hnegative with neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
if hnegative positive positive otto positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral via hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral would neutral murdered him . and neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral viserys neutral positive accusing him of hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral accusing him of neutral hpositive for replacing baelon neutral hpositive . neutral positive negator neutral viserys would neutral otto for neutral neutral if neutral negative him of hnegative neutral neutral .
intensifier than hpositive , the neutral conspired to neutral baelon and neutral succeeded . becaus the hightowers neutral neutral neutral oldtown the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral hnegative thinks they neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral otto neutral neutral from baelon 's neutral . neutral looks positive the hightowers and neutral neutral neutral looked neutral neutral negative .
if hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral murdered him , negator neutral neutral neutral anyth , neutral would neutral otto the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral guards . viserys would neutral neutral him neutral
viserys neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , " isn't that negative hpositive neutral ? *wink* *wink* " neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive lashing neutral neutral positive and positive for neutral to hnegative .
neutral , neutral neutral heard theories neutral the maesters neutral against the neutral , neutral negator intensifier the neutral . neutral neutral you neutral the neutral would neutral neutral to neutral him ? neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral targaryen exceptionalism , neutral someth neutral ?
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral harwin mentions neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral to rhaenyra 's neutral . neutral would neutral thi . ~ minutes neutral the neutral where hnegative tells neutral neutral 's neutral their neutral 's neutral . ~ minutes neutral neutral would hpositive jace 's studying neutral neutral and intensifier negative . neutral would hpositive that neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral for negative intensifier neutral neutral . neutral would neutral hpositive neutral studies intensifier neutral than hpositive neutral positive valyrian . minutes rhaena and neutral neutral neutral dragonstone hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral . neutral they neutral neutral neutral with the neutral keepers neutral hnegative neutral neutral for the positive neutral of eggs and neutral encourages her that thi neutral her neutral positive neutral . ~ minutes hpositive baela neutral hnegative neutral moondancer neutral neutral rhaenys and meleys neutral neutral neutral the baela and rhaenys deleted neutral ~ neutral neutral the jace and rhaenyra deleted neutral ~ minutes
neutral would positive intensifier negative jace and negative neutral 's interactions with the neutral siblings when they positive friends coz from their neutral neutral neutral looked positive they positive diminisher neutral to neutral hnegative when neutral of them positive neutral aemond for negative negative .
neutral neutral neutral baela , rhaena and their neutral . neutral hnegative could neutral rhaena that neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral ( neutral positive negator caraxes neutral neutral ) and that they positive neutral her neutral neutral .

intensifier interactions with hnegative for jace and neutral neutral neutral . neutral they neutral neutral killed laenor ? how neutral they neutral with neutral ? scenes with aegon and viserys . baela walks neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . rheyna should neutral scenes with her neutral neutral how she neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral positive to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral that multistop
what neutral the jace and rhaenyra deleted neutral ? hpositive your ideas neutral neutral a++
neutral would neutral neutral liked them to neutral neutral the hpositive intensifier . neutral positive the vibe that aegon neutral the neutral neutral , neutral what neutral the neutral ? neutral they neutral neutral neutral aemond ? neutral aegon and aemond neutral neutral neutral against the jace and neutral ? what neutral aemond 's neutral positive with them when aegon neutral negator neutral ? heck , what neutral helaena 's neutral positive with her nephews ? neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral they could neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral negator neutral they neutral to neutral hnegative when the neutral neutral neutral neutral dure their neutral with viserys . neutral seemed intensifier positive boys neutral neutral their shared neutral diminisher than them positive mocking aemond .
) jace neutral attempting to positive her they would negator neutral hpositive if she positive terms from the greens . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral she sends the boys hnegative positive she positive neutral positive neutral preparations . neutral would neutral positive jace neutral neutral neutral whose neutral she takes positive hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative with them negator neutral teenager daeron coz neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral loved to neutral neutral negative daeron ( neutral neutral neutral to oldtown ) and neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive the neutral neutral to jace and neutral neutral compared to neutral neutral brothers .
positive neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral their neutral neutral neutral when neutral the neutral positive introduced to neutral for the neutral neutral .

neutral would they neutral that multiquestion
neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral that they neutral negator neutral neutral the kid . when neutral shows neutral , neutral positive neutral to positive positive neutral retcon . they should neutral positive neutral negative daeron neutral and and positive mentioned neutral neutral neutral oldtown dure
neutral neutral , my hnegative . neutral neutral , neutral would neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier of them neutral hpositive terms neutral things became positive .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
hnegative when neutral realises neutral neutral neutral fuck neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral
neutral neutral to alicent positive
viserys : “ neutral hpositive neutral aemma keeps neutral neutral her positive that… ? ”
hnegative with the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral 's neutral neutral neutral hnegative grooming rhaenyra
that makes the neutral where neutral laughs neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral multiexclamation
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
should neutral sunfyre .
my neutral and neutral neutral neutral hens to our neutral : negative neutral marans and neutral queens hpositive with the neutral neutral and negative neutral we neutral positive hotd names . what positive you , reddit ? *edited for hpositive . neutral numbers neutral neutral
negative has positive to neutral neutral lannister , neutral neutral that neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to you if you negative neutral neutral tyland . neutral you could neutral with names from the neutral neutral , positive jaim neutral cersei
alicent for negative looks positive they neutral neutral negative alicent side-eye
syrax ( siri ) moondancer ( neutral ) vermithor ( vermi ) dreamfyre ( firey ) vhagar ( neutral ) sunfyre ( hpositive ) my picks , with neutral positive neutral names
has diminisher positive aemond neutral
meleys syrax dreamfyre caraxes ( thi neutral looks hnegative ) vhagar ( thi neutral looks positive neutral neutral ) sunfyre
blacks - viz , rhae & dae greens - aeg ( neutral ) , aem & neutral ( she 's neutral )
alicent , helaena , jaehaera laena , baela , rhaena
negative neutral marans rhaenyra , rhaenys , rhaena for the neutral negative .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral onto positive that neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral positive binging neutral . hpositive everyon neutral neutral
neutral what happened to jaim and dany neutral neutral their actors neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral they negative . " negative negative " neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive if neutral neutral neutral of them .
neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral becaus positive neutral these neutral 's neutral , and with the neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative . hotd positive neutral of neutral them neutral diminisher diminisher of neutral the hpositive and the hnegative .
neutral they neutral negator positive .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive positive the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral .
neutral , thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative " tits " neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral negative of neutral hnegative . you neutral neutral positive negator negative to you neutral negator neutral anyon 's hnegative . hnegative neutral neutral you they neutral neutral positive negative neutral negator neutral hpositive to neutral you neutral . intensifier , what neutral positive the neutral of thi ? diminisher of the neutral you neutral neutral your hnegative neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive positive to the neutral neutral . the stepstones neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative ; sinc when neutral neutral societies neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral with pirates / barbarians ? neutral neutral neutral to crabs *alive* negator diminisher ?
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral to everyth neutral how positive neutral neutral neutral negator accomplishments ? neutral neutral handedly neutral that neutral neutral the stepstones . neutral neutral neutral allowing westerosi ships to neutral attacked neutral pirates and neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral the ships belonged to their positive neutral . how positive that hpositive neutral ? and neutral neutral neutral negative if neutral neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral positive neutral . wars neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral of the neutral positive stories of neutral neutral with soldiers hiding neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and pretending to neutral negative neutral neutral . hnegative 's neutral neutral diminisher neutral the neutral negative neutral tywin 's hnegative neutral the negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral and hnegative neutral using dragons . neutral , otto and hnegative neutral neutral shit neutral dragonstone . rhaenyra owned him , negator them . they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral dragonrider .
neutral positive negative neutral my neutral .

negative neutral positive the intensifier neutral .
neutral intensifier of folks and the neutral neutral positive him neutral positive , neutral diminisher neutral negator . neutral positive neutral .
neutral 's neutral positive . neutral positive him positive becaus neutral positive negative neutral negative by-the-numbers neutral that neutral negator positive how hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral seems intensifier hnegative and negative diminisher than negative . neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative and neutral negative . negative neutral positive negative neutral intensifier neutral carries the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral throeing tantrums positive neutral teenager , intensifier negator
hnegative has neutral flaws , neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral negator positive him . neutral positive intensifier badass with caraxes and negative how neutral dies , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral badass . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative fans overvaluing him , neutral intensifier neutral that neutral positive overrated and negator neutral hpositive neutral . neutral of the things they negative hnegative for , hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral negative of neutral neutral hnegative , and positive those fans hpositive hnegative neutral intensifier negative than neutral positive positive neutral hpositive .
neutral positive neutral groomer neutral neutral positive negator neutral pedophile . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive attracted to neutral girls .
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative positive the neutral positive . neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral for those crimes you neutral neutral your neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral my points neutral positive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reasons for hpositive hnegative characters , negative neutral if neutral surprised that neutral neutral neutral my eyes has neutral intensifier neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral favourite .
neutral intensifier neutral thi positive neutral negative of neutral opinions , neutral opinions neutral neutral neutral reasons , neutral hpositive negative to hpositive what neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral thi neutral negative that neutral positive intensifier positive that neutral neutral negator , neutral my eyes neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative things . would negator you negative neutral if they neutral you that their favourite neutral positive joffrey neutral ramsay ? neutral negative my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral " neutral " neutral the stepstones and that positive cuz neutral positive neutral of neutral , you neutral neutral to hnegative neutral , that positive your perogative
neutral intensifier neutral mentioned neutral my reasonings for neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral has neutral accomplishments neutral neutral atleast . neutral neutral to hnegative neutral failed neutral neutral neutral neutral the stepstones neutral hnegative having to wars and neutral hnegative neutral for years neutral viserys decides to neutral hpositive and that positive when neutral neutral positive neutral positive diminisher neutral hnegative neutral compared to neutral hpositive for viserys . you neutral positive negative neutral him using those methods , neutral neutral neutral negator , neutral explained neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral followed for neutral neutral . rhae neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral laughed diminisher neutral intensifier when otto intensifier neutral neutral him that neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral , that neutral positive intensifier negative for neutral that neutral positive neutral thi neutral , that the neutral would negator positive negative mummers neutral , to neutral neutral negative and when criston neutral him that neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral him positive from neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
that positive your neutral hnegative , neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral what you hpositive negative neutral him that neutral negator .

okay that makes neutral intensifier intensifier positive to neutral neutral . positive
negative neutral positive negative neutral neutral .
negator you for hnegative neutral hpositive points . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of characters neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive them . aegon rapes girls , otto groomed neutral neutral and positive her to neutral neutral neutral years hpositive than her , hnegative has hnegative positive issues and rhaenyra makes hnegative neutral choices neutral neutral . neutral negator positive you negator positive neutral neutral becaus of neutral flaws .
>wouldn't you negative neutral if they neutral you that their favourite neutral positive joffrey neutral ramsay ? positive , neutral neutral ramsey neutral neutral of my positive characters neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of positive to neutral neutral neutral negative / negative until things positive intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral could negator positive to positive neutral anymore . negator everyon hpositive 's neutral hpositive neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral positive anyth hnegative neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral to positive neutral negative / badboy . negative of folks positive freddi , jigsaw , and pennywise , and we neutral negator questioning their negative . if you hpositive hnegative neutral hnegative 's stepstones positive positive negative , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral your positive . neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral . the neutral neutral what appears to neutral neutral guerilla for years with the hpositive of diminisher neutral swords and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive negator neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral corlys wanted the neutral 's neutral neutral . neutral to neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative what neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive violated neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive of neutral when neutral barbarians positive negator the neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral positive with sanctions and positive .
intensifier what ? hnegative 's neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive negator hnegative neutral hnegative to him . neutral hnegative laughed neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral that neutral , neutral named neutral of the neutral neutral for neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral sinc the neutral of neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with hpositive . neutral you hpositive neutral intensifier positive when the triarchi started attacking non-threatening ships and neutral positive sailors to crabs *alive* ? neutral that negator neutral hnegative neutral ? otto neutral neutral the neutral 's hpositive . the neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral to dragonstone neutral neutral otto neutral him . neutral , neutral neutral neutral , hnegative laughed neutral hnegative to criston . neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral how that neutral " owning " him . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral that they positive negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral dragonrider negator neutral neutral neutral their neutral to neutral the negative .
neutral neutral neutral negative to hpositive neutral hnegative neutral wields hnegative neutral neutral negative and hnegative which makes neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral rides neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral and arguably has neutral of the coolest kills neutral asoiaf neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral pedo and hpositive neutral with positive issues .
lol neutral negative that positive where we neutral positive , if neutral neutral neutral they positive ramsay neutral gregor clegane positive hnegative them neutral hnegative characters neutral would neutral them neutral diminisher . neutral comparing hnegative neutral characters to neutral positive freddi etc positive negator neutral neutral negative neutral my eyes . neutral struggled to the positive neutral neutral against pirates hnegative having to dragons , that negative neutral my eyes .
neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative to hnegative to hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negator that hpositive neutral anyth , neutral neutral hpositive of neutral viserys positive to neutral him cuz neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative that , neutral neutral neutral my reasons neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral positive to dragons and the neutral of velarions neutral him and neutral hpositive hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that violated neutral of neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral honourable she the triarchi attacked non+threatening ships and neutral positive neutral to crabs , that positive hnegative neutral becaus they neutral someth hnegative and hpositive hnegative neutral negator neutral you neutral to neutral neutral . robb hpositive couldve butchered neutral lannister neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator to becaus that positive negator the neutral of neutral otto neutral neutral the mummers neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative and neutral thi for neutral , neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral cuz positive hnegative positive neutral neutral and positive positive to neutral intensifier neutral shit from otto and hnegative .
neutral neutral with hpositive neutral pedo positive neutral trafficker positive neutral .
hey , you neutral you . neutral protip ; neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral you to neutral neutral neutral they neutral positive someth neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral judging them for hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral would neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral with you if they believed they positive neutral negative for having that neutral hnegative your negator of neutral for their neutral ? if you neutral judging them positive neutral you intensifier positive neutral hpositive neutral the thoughts of others , neutral neutral you hpositive positive to neutral negative neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral with you ? which , if you neutral neutral the neutral , negative , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral the positive to you with neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral positive negator neutral neutral comparsion . they neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral how that changes anyth . neutral neutral , neutral positive darth vader , and neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative negative that killed positive neutral negative of children . neutral neutral positive neutral meth neutral that positive neutral and positive hnegative to neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral . the neutral positive neutral hnegative negative that positive negative hnegative to harley , and commits terrorists neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral positive seperate hnegative and neutral when neutral neutral to characters neutral neutral that they positive , and that neutral for characters of these neutral , and ones positive hnegative . neutral for neutral , *love* neutral moff tarkin , neutral if that neutral neutral positive intensifier , neutral would negative him with neutral neutral of my neutral . hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral 's hpositive of neutral hnegative / neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral they neutral positive the things that they neutral .
how positive neutral negator hpositive neutral anyth ? neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral , which neutral neutral to the positive targaryen neutral . hnegative neutral hpositive than him means negator , hnegative positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , to the neutral that years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral among them . hnegative of what you neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral negative neutral . you negator hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral from neutral neutral hpositive neutral for hnegative . >he neutral neutral neutral that violated neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral violated the neutral of neutral . neutral positive hnegative to neutral with . >because they neutral someth hnegative and hpositive hnegative neutral negator neutral you neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive they should neutral acted positive hpositive gentlemen and hpositive neutral for the triarchi to neutral neutral their sailors to crabs . neutral neutral intensifier negative , neutral you positive the neutral neutral jaim lannister for neutral the positive neutral ? you hpositive , hpositive becaus the positive neutral wanted to neutral someth hnegative and positive neutral neutral hnegative things neutral the neutral , neutral negator neutral that jaim positive to neutral someth hnegative negative and neutral him ! negator to neutral that neutral positive negative negative , which positive negator the neutral with hnegative , intensifier neutral neutral positive positive hnegative . >robb hpositive couldve butchered neutral lannister neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator to robb hpositive neutral the neutral becaus neutral neutral negative positive . you neutral neutral my neutral for neutral neutral . okay neutral neutral neutral neutral that . intensifier what ? hnegative heard neutral that and neutral negator neutral neutral shit . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral swords ( which happened neutral otto threatened mysaria ) . neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral what otto and hnegative positive neutral to him .
" neutral neutral negative darksister , which neutral to the positive targeryan " ah positive , hnegative positive negative neutral neutral for that , positive viserys neutral negative to neutral with legos targeryan multistop and multistop rhae multiquestion neutral neutral hpositive negative my neutral hnegative neutral neutral , you neutral neutral to neutral negative regards to how neutral neutral to neutral , neutral you neutral negator neutral anyth to neutral of points positive the grooming , hnegative , neutral , negative etc . neutral neutral neutral with your jaim neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral , if you neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral . neutral negative neutral of neutral shit to neutral neutral neutral toward them .
for neutral we hpositive jaeherys could neutral deemed that negator neutral neutral hpositive of neutral and neutral neutral to viserys to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral of warriors . that positive what the daynes neutral with neutral . you neutral ignored the neutral neutral of my neutral . the neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral focused neutral neutral accomplishments becaus that positive the neutral that you elaborated the neutral and the neutral that neutral hpositive intensifier confusing neutral of neutral of them . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral otto neutral " neutral if neutral results neutral the neutral of your negative neutral and neutral neutral " . that neutral neutral neutral neutral and that neutral him neutral neutral neutral . negator the insults neutral the lecturing neutral the snarky remarks .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
you neutral negative negative neutral neutral your neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral hpositive her neutral neutral , makes her neutral hpositive
neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral
neutral positive intensifier hpositive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral , neutral looks neutral if she has neutral neutral .
positive hnegative neutral vibes
neutral looks negative neutral looks intensifier positive neutral t-rex than neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral negative neutral hpositive negator for positive
intensifier the negative neutral
to neutral neutral the positive dragons neutral neutral neutral positive t-rex neutral would negator positive if the neutral thi neutral for diffrent neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
the neutral designers neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral
neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral positive alicent , the neutral hpositive positive multistop and positive neutral that neutral negator and neutral she became neutral negative positive negative neutral could negator hpositive neutral her positive and positive neutral hpositive . negative negative neutral neutral that diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral of my positive scenes neutral .
neutral loved negative alicent .
intensifier what neutral the neutral neutral she negative the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral to the positive positive neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral rhaenyra and viserys when rhaenyra neutral neutral her neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive the neutral and the neutral , and of neutral , negative alicent negative .
neutral fiona vibes
" we neutral the neutral " - neutral hightower
“ the neutral neutral the hightower , neutral you hpositive what neutral neutral glows when oldtown calls neutral banners to neutral ? ” - larys
she looks positive neutral fiona from shrek
the fuck neutral you negative neutral ? she hpositive neutral her neutral neutral of the neutral 's designated neutral
neutral neutral hoping we positive neutral intensifier of neutral alicent neutral the neutral diminisher seasons , intensifier neutral that her neutral neutral neutral neutral . lowkey expecting negative cersei
positive neutral hpositive neutral than cooke . neutral : neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral than cooke .
she neutral neutral neutral with the targaryens for the neutral years she has neutral everyth to neutral neutral hpositive neutral and hpositive to rhaenyra and her positive . she has positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral to viserys that showed intensifier diminisher neutral for him . neutral rhaenyra acted negative toward her for years , hnegative alicent neutral her neutral neutral , neutral to hnegative her when they neutral to neutral their neutral . and positive neutral her neutral neutral , the neutral neutral she could diminisher negative to these neutral years . with the neutral neutral ( neutral of the targaryens reds and the hpositive blue's ) she positive neutral she positive putting herself , her children and her neutral neutral multistop neutral of the royals that neutral negator neutral her neutral neutral
fiona neutral intensifier alicent could neutral .
neutral you neutral the neutral ? she positive viserys neutral aegon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
olivia cooke positive the positive neutral of the neutral hpositive from negative neutral and ewan neutral
neutral you for positive neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral how viserys and rhaenyra looked neutral of shocked / intimidated
neutral neutral your hnegative . neutral neutral neutral . she neutral hpositive , negator neutral .
neutral , that positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral positive she positive the hnegative neutral neutral .
they negator neutral she neutral the hnegative neutral neutral lol . they hpositive neutral emili positive hpositive neutral than cooke , which positive diminisher hpositive , neutral neutral that positive the neutral and neutral neutral against cooke , neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive .
they neutral positive that , they deleted that neutral negative neutral neutral bro
positive to neutral accounts ?
bro what ? you neutral neutral they edited their neutral negator you ? they neutral neutral she neutral the hnegative neutral neutral . you negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral responded to , wtf neutral you neutral neutral ?
negator , neutral neutral my hnegative , and neutral neutral positive . hnegative , my neutral neutral neutral stands . okay , neutral , becaus neutral negative myself neutral hnegative .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative . hnegative would neutral neutral with her hnegative , neutral if neutral would intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral diminisher hightowers . neutral hnegative neutral instantiated her negative to neutral alliances neutral of her neutral neutral , that and neutral the greens hnegative . negator neutral hnegative would neutral aegon , aemond , neutral daeron neutral if jace neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral from her neutral , neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral rhaenyra neutral positive becaus she positive neutral neutral fuck . neutral the neutral she positive neutral to intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative she has whether neutral positive neutral into neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral your neutral and neutral you , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive planned neutral to hpositive neutral neutral , neutral with neutral kingsguard neutral negator intensifier positive negator to you neutral if neutral wanted to , and neutral neutral of neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral anyth you positive neutral that positive hnegative . neutral positive hpositive to everybodi neutral positive neutral her , laenor , and the boys that they neutral neutral bastards . she neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive bastards and hpositive neutral to neutral that maintaining neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to herself neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral showed everybodi that she would neutral neutral neutral neutral her impulses— and if the rumors positive to neutral believed— with neutral neutral if neutral neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral herself neutral the neutral . her neutral neutral hnegative neutral makes her neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral
hnegative hated the greens and otto intensifier neutral having diminisher neutral for rhaenyra . neutral neutral neutral neutral with her intensifier neutral neutral daughters positive positive to neutral her neutral . the neutral neutral worsened her positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral she positive neutral hnegative to her she neutral neutral laenor and neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral those neutral neutral neutral makes positive for rhaenyra to neutral hnegative neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral . *to neutral the hnegative " the positive neutral " targaryen neutral from the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . * positive rhaenyra neutral the neutral neutral positive negator tolerated neutral neutral the lords and neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . thi positive negator neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral . she neutral neutral positive neutral neutral westeros . she ranks neutral the intensifier , intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral . she neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of negative negative . neutral positive neutral neutral the “ hnegative ” neutral . she could neutral neutral the neutral neutral 's neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . she positive neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral westeros , if negator neutral of planetos . and she neutral neutral of the hpositive diminisher neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral that positive the neutral to neutral her neutral neutral . the neutral neutral , she neutral negator to neutral for herself . the neutral neutral , she neutral her positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher pervie things to her when she neutral negative . neutral they positive neutral neutral intensifier positive into neutral she neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
from neutral neutral of neutral , positive , hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral and wields darksister , neutral has years of neutral neutral from the stepstones and has connections to intensifier positive neutral positive mysaria and has the hpositive of the neutral cloaks . neutral the hnegative hpositive , rhaenyra isolates herself from her closest neutral neutral neutral the velaryons and hnegative positive negator well-liked amongst the positive positive , neutral positive neutral enemies of the triarchi , the royces , the hightowers , and hpositive intensifier , neutral positive neutral neutral , hnegative and positive , which positive negator positive neutral to hpositive him neutral loved . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral tbh , rhaenyra seems to neutral neutral positive neutral the trade-off .
the neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra became neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral from the neutral and positive she decides to neutral him , intensifier neutral the neutral neutral she became neutral . hpositive with hnegative neutral alicent 's fears neutral from diminisher negative negative to neutral . otto neutral neutral starts positive to neutral rhaenyra neutral she neutral hnegative
neutral positive neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive she diminisher neutral negative her neutral neutral thi and neutral neutral hpositive negator mentioned neutral . positive neutral could've neutral that she neutral neutral named to positive hnegative neutral neutral the neutral she neutral neutral becaus viserys liked her positive . intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral from her positive
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and rhaenyra neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral paid hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive the neutral 's neutral and neutral neutral positive positive to neutral the neutral . neutral has neutral positive and positive rhaenyra wants to positive her neutral , neutral neutral their claims positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral helps that neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral , has neutral positive neutral , positive hnegative neutral enemies ( the greens ) , neutral positive hpositive and neutral neutral her neutral children . rhaenyra negator cared neutral the neutral of her neutral neutral the hpositive boys positive positive neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral neutral him , rhaenyra risks hnegative her positive neutral , the velaryons , with their neutral neutral dragons and their neutral and neutral . neutral gets hnegative if you positive that they positive she neutral positive neutral their neutral 's neutral . neutral positive neutral negator the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and positive positive implusive and intensifier hnegative . the neutral that their neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral negator hpositive neutral . neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative if neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator becaus neutral paid hnegative . the greens would neutral usurped her negator negative what she neutral , she hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive her neutral neutral neutral if needed . positive > ! how hnegative neutral her positive hpositive neutral the neutral , she neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative the velaryons ( intensifier becaus of hnegative neutral the neutral of their granddaughters ) and the neutral that their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and continuing the neutral neutral to daenerys and jon ( which neutral happened intensifier becaus hnegative neutral neutral the positive neutral from the neutral neutral ) ! < neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
laenor neutral neutral of thi neutral negator neutral her neutral neutral claimants ( hnegative neutral ) and she could neutral neutral her neutral to hnegative daughters negator neutral hnegative
whether you positive hnegative neutral negator , you negator hnegative the neutral that neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative knows how to positive neutral and neutral positive positive of negative when needed and neutral positive neutral to neutral for the neutral neutral believes neutral if you positive neutral of the neutral of thrones you positive neutral neutral positive him neutral your neutral
neutral hpositive neutral , becaus neutral solidifies the neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral . neutral when neutral neutral to positive rhaenyra they hpositive that they positive neutral to neutral neutral the hnegative neutral to neutral neutral . the positive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral makes her negative to positive hpositive positive negator hpositive . lords neutral of the neutral that positive neutral 's neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral that neutral of neutral , becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
nah . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive to neutral rhaenyra . hnegative has positive neutral neutral the neutral with neutral hnegative hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
neutral neutral
neutral hnegative neutral neutral diminisher cracks neutral the neutral with her positive supporters ( velaryons ) .
neutral neutral points , thi positive intensifier neutral the positive of neutral neutral negator neutral rhaenyra . neutral neutral impressed that neutral neutral you positive her , you neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral her flaws .
the neutral that kills neutral with rhaenyra positive that she positive negator neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral that . she tells negative positive hpositive lies that neutral makes her neutral neutral and hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral to neutral neutral with her hpositive lies .
>whether neutral positive neutral into neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral your neutral and neutral you that neutral hnegative 's hnegative , neutral . neutral neutral her into parts of the neutral that she positive negator positive to neutral and positive her inebriated neutral neutral her to the neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral her positive intensifier everyon could neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of hnegative 's neutral , of which rhaenyra neutral the neutral . she positive intensifier hpositive that she neutral managed to hpositive her neutral neutral to the negative neutral neutral hnegative negative her .
> neutral they positive neutral neutral intensifier positive into neutral she neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral . she held neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral choked the neutral neutral of her . she neutral groomed . she positive obsessed with him . she positive neutral him neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative they positive neutral to neutral her neutral obsessed with him to the negative of her positive hpositive . that neutral she has neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral : neutral daemyra 's downvoting should positive to themselv the neutral positive neutral to neutral negative ( neutral should neutral negator positive neutral neutral and the neutral positive negator neutral to neutral them neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative ( which would neutral hnegative neutral ) .
negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral her hnegative
> positive , she positive intensifier neutral of neutral him than neutral seems to neutral positive neutral of her neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral if she neutral into her neutral . neutral children with her would neutral neutral neutral for the neutral that neutral reveres neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral 's positive . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral “ hpositive positive ” . neutral you neutral hnegative groomed her for the positive of neutral ? neutral neutral to rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .

hnegative would've helped her negator negative what , neutral hated the hightowers . intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral
and laenor neutral neutral neutral neutral with fleets and armies of their neutral neutral with him . she positive intensifier , intensifier hpositive that the rhaenys neutral to neutral with her and positive corlys to neutral them neutral the neutral neutral , becaus the velaryons would've positive intensifier justified to neutral her neutral their neutral 's " negative " .
negator hpositive , neutral positive negative negative positive neutral . attempting to neutral neutral from negative neutral that positive diminisher neutral hated among the lords positive negator neutral hpositive neutral
rh neutral that neutral , neutral she knows her neutral has negative neutral neutral her . neutral viserys neutral she has diminisher negative for neutral with him neutral the neutral .
when neutral neutral neutral neutral wanted to neutral her neutral she neutral hnegative ?
neutral you for your neutral ! hnegative , your neutral has positive neutral for the neutral neutral ( snegative **rule negator neutral neutral posts neutral comments** > neutral positive posts and / neutral comments , and the discussions spawned from them , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . - - - - if you positive thi neutral neutral neutral hnegative , hpositive positive the moderators hpositive neutral neutral neutral to your neutral intensifier that we neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive how hnegative the neutral neutral with the hightowers . neutral would she positive that neutral would hpositive and negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral pentos and neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral ?
neutral positive negative how they hpositive positive neutral the neutral rumoured conspirators neutral her neutral neutral .
>almost neutral hated umm , how positive hnegative diminisher neutral hated ? hnegative neutral neutral friends neutral neutral 's neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negative , and among the neutral cloaks , neutral neutral neutral neutral pentos . “ neutral targaryen has neutral neutral neutral neutral and monsters . neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , intensifier positive , and intensifier reviled neutral neutral westeros . neutral neutral neutral of neutral and hnegative neutral neutral parts . to diminisher , neutral neutral neutral hpositive , to others the blackest of villains . ”
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral to neutral aegon , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral to neutral them if hnegative neutral negator neutral .
hnegative positive intensifier than anyth neutral targaryen supremacist neutral cares neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral started , neutral positive negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral neutral , and neutral would negator neutral the hightowers . and thi positive negator neutral positive the neutral that neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral enjoys neutral neutral enemies . from the neutral of pre neutral rhaenyra , neutral positive positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral positive intensifier hpositive from her neutral that neutral would negative her neutral neutral children . neutral guarantees neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for negative positive neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral would negator neutral hpositive to neutral against your neutral grandchildren
hpositive neutral , neutral neutral could positive neutral lords hated him neutral
neutral ep neutral says neutral neutral neutral to neutral her to positive aegon positive
>cares neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral with alicent hightower neutral neutral for neutral years and positive neutral that neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral . >marrying hnegative becaus neutral positive intensifier hpositive from her neutral that neutral would negative her neutral neutral children . where neutral you guys neutral thi from , positive neutral negative to hpositive . hnegative neutral negator neutral alicent neutral her children , which neutral hpositive sees neutral otto 's spawns . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral rhaenyra when neutral positive the hpositive which would neutral neutral him the neutral facto neutral . neutral would rhaenyra neutral neutral would neutral her neutral ?
neutral , neutral positive neutral she neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for those years . when neutral positive neutral starts , neutral has neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral from neutral , neutral positive hpositive my neutral neutral and what / neutral / would positive neutral if neutral neutral rhaenyra . neutral positive neutral negator my neutral neutral , hpositive negative hnegative neutral , intensifier we neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral tbh . neutral rhaenyra dure the neutral would neutral negative , her neutral would negator neutral him . and neutral the hightowers neutral the neutral started would neutral neutral negative .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
urrax
morghul
morghul , hnegative having neutral of thee positive names ( positive drogon wtf ) they neutral negator intensifier neutral anyth intensifier they neutral positive to neutral
urrax , positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
gotta neutral with urrax neutral baerely hpositive neutral that positive

where positive nagga ? thi positive nagga neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral for euron to neutral nagga and hnegative neutral neutral of westeros .
syrax
arrax . neutral , neutral neutral the polls neutral ? positive they neutral neutral ?
urrax
idk neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier than neutral of these dragons neutral the neutral neutral 's negative intensifier neutral hpositive positive
wth neutral shrykos neutral ? neutral arrax deserves to neutral eliminated for neutral neutral killed
negator cared for tyraxes
syrax
syrax
syrax
syrax
syrax
urrax
vermax
tyrax
urrax
negator neutral touches neutral alysanne 's silverw . neutral that neutral , neutral positive arrax
neutral neutral . neutral intensifier contributes negator to the neutral .
viserion
syrax
syrax
arrax !
syrax
syrax becaus she positive the neutral unless neutral that neutral neutral
viserion
morghul

y'all negator neutral hpositive of danys dragons we neutral neutral with them dudes
positive thi hpositive from the hnegative neutral ?
syrax
syrax , neutral that positive fatso outa neutral
syrax , the neutral negative neutral .

syrax , urrax , arrax
sunfyre - overrated af
if vermax neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral
neutral
drogons negative thi neutral neutral neutral caraxes neutral neutral my words
urrax
syrax
urrax
neutral my homies negative urrax
neutral hpositive , neutral neutral needed neutral neutral to neutral the neutral
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative she positive neutral positive to neutral her neutral against the positive 's of neutral horse-sized neutral neutral . negator positive the neutral for neutral neutral neutral thi neutral multistop
euron cringe-eye and neutral seadragon when leyton chadtower neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral nagga neutral to neutral neutral neutral :
yep .

neutral dies to neutral negative neutral neutral with adding positive to negative dragons
yo neutral my homie neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral wars and wanted to hpositive neutral neutral to neutral krakens and whales multistop positive dickhead sunfyre positive to neutral and neutral him negative
negator hnegative neutral you neutral downvoted . syrax positive diminisher neutral neutral of the neutral hnegative dragons .
neutral you for your neutral ! hnegative , your neutral has positive neutral for the neutral neutral ( snegative **rule spoilers** > neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . > neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . > neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you positive thi neutral neutral neutral hnegative , hpositive positive the moderators hpositive neutral neutral neutral to your neutral intensifier that we neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral dragons from asoiaf , neutral neutral
she negative neutral to hnegative dragons she positive positive alexstrasza .

leyton chadtower positive neutral to neutral neutral strikes from the hightower .
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative of positive hnegative neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
syrax positive hnegative than hnegative .
neutral neutral urrax positive . neutral neutral negator heard of that neutral neutral neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
hpositive
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral of you to negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral .
you neutral to neutral neutral negative to neutral diminisher crimes
neutral you neutral him to neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hoodi neutral you positive neutral expecting him to neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator positive you neutral
for the crimes neutral would neutral neutral . duh
you negator hpositive when you neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral positive that neutral positive negator murdered thi neutral
becaus neutral positive neutral negative for neutral neutral hnegative
it'd neutral intensifier negative if neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for the neutral . hpositive to neutral positive .
which neutral would you diminisher neutral neutral ; neutral hoodied neutral and negative to neutral , neutral intensifier positive to neutral and neutral yourself with neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ?
the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral
hpositive neutral hnegative neutral what neutral neutral to neutral neutral ? neutral positive our neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral has neutral neutral . you hpositive negator hpositive when neutral hnegative neutral needed .
if you neutral neutral neutral hoodi you negative neutral for neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral
neutral likes to neutral neutral . you negator hpositive when negative hpositive to neutral neutral positive neutral
my positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral
neutral purposes
neutral neutral neutral crimin' neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral hoodi has neutral positive negator of neutral compared to aemond 's .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral hpositive dor her neutral
becaus neutral neutral positive negator neutral with neutral multiquestion neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral dure wifey 's negative . neutral neutral blondes criminals ?
lmfaooooo
neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral negative neutral timeline neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral proposed thi neutral to qarl .
becaus the neutral knows himself and neutral neutral neutral neutral reunited with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral
neutral neutral neutral
" neutral my neutral hoodi " " your what ? " " my neutral hoodi , my neutral hoodi , hpositive negative to neutral for neutral neutral and neutral positive , that neutral neutral ? negator ! intensifier multistop hpositive neutral the hoodi ! "
neutral positive the neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral happens to neutral
positive stops for negator neutral
to neutral crimes . hpositive .
negative neutral
neutral ?
neutral neutral takes the neutral hoodi and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . you negator hpositive when you positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .

negative they positive positive negator neutral hands !
lol neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral minutes neutral of that .
when you neutral neutral hnegative crimes , you neutral neutral to neutral diminisher hpositive .
>are neutral blondes criminals ? positive . neutral ? neutral
funresponsibilit positive neutral neutral . neutral > spam > hnegative bots neutral diminisher negative from
those neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive harrenhal neutral negator negative neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral sheeple
aemond positive positive hpositive , and neutral hoodi reflects that .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral intensifier hpositive we could neutral neutral intensifier of baela and rhaena . the scenes that positive neutral positive neutral intensifier positive . neutral loved the neutral neutral neutral with baela and rhaeny 's . thi neutral neutral neutral , negative . neutral vaemond .
and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than what we neutral . neutral neutral neutral released of bethany , with neutral 's hpositive neutral her neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral driftmark neutral , of neutral , we negator neutral the neutral .
" intensifier screentime for baela ? negative ! "
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
leonaerdo targaryen
she intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral targaryen positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral to dragons neutral neutral neutral dragons neutral
neutral hpositive if neutral of neutral 's girlfriends neutral logan 's run-styled jewels neutral their palms that neutral negative and neutral neutral they neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the fbi neutral into neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral of the negative , gdi neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral scumbag than neutral could neutral neutral imagined .
r/holup
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my and neutral neutral my neutral onscreen neutral multistop neutral , neutral & juliet , django , gatsby , neutral - loved him . neutral neutral , neutral keeps neutral hpositive and they hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . ewww neutral .
haha ohhh neutral lol . my positive neutral . that positive intensifier neutral .
thi positive hpositive
neutral nooo neutral fits intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral them . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier
negative corlys : you gotta neutral my neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral viserys : she positive neutral
thi neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral and neutral screams " i'm neutral pedo "
neutral neutral ootl , positive neutral neutral her neutral intensifier neutral neutral someth ?

neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral committed neutral with him… my neutral positive neutral neutral
laenardo
neutral reminds neutral of the sims where you could neutral intensifier hnegative / hnegative notifications neutral what happened neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . “ deepest positive ! neutral has hpositive died . ” “ neutral ”
neutral intensifier negative positive thi neutral
thi
positive neutral neutral neutral that negative fbi neutral ?
huh ?
positive neutral hpositive negative neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive him neutral intensifier .
neutral dates neutral negative women
neutral diminisher years , when she neutral
neutral approved .
laenedys targaryen
laenardon
neutral neutral hnegative !
neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral negator that positive . neutral neutral friends with neutral neutral neutral named jho neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral embezzling and sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral aquantince the fbi investigated him neutral neutral
neutral wanna hpositive negative ! lemme hpositive if they neutral you anyth
vizzy neutral neutral the closest neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hotd
laenungus tardungus
that positive negator neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral that the neutral financing the neutral of neutral neutral positive using neutral to neutral securities negative .
you positive neutral neutral neutral 'your grace' , neutral neutral positive neutral my kingsguard neutral neutral your neutral !
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
rhaenys seems intensifier neutral hpositive . neutral neutral rhaenyra 's neutral , she negator massacred neutral negative of peasants with her neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of how neutral of neutral neutral multistop rhaenys would neutral multistop neutral positive she would neutral neutral hpositive than neutral rhaenyra multistop neutral neutral , neutral positive rhaenyra positive hpositive multistop
neutral neutral biased becaus rhaenys positive my favourite neutral neutral the hotd neutral . with thi neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral would positive that rhaenys would neutral neutral hpositive neutral . she positive neutral intensifier neutral than rhaenyra , neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral how the westerosi neutral neutral , neutral positive to positive driftmark neutral corlys' neutral . she knows to neutral her options neutral and sees neutral the positive that the neutral she positive negotiating with neutral resorting to . she neutral neutral neutral intensifier level-headed than rhaenyra . positive , neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral rhaenys escaped from the dragonpit , neutral dozens of civilians neutral her neutral . neutral neutral positive of debates could neutral conducted neutral thi neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral my views neutral the negative hnegative hpositive positive . neutral neutral the neutral of thi neutral neutral , would rhaenyra neutral behaved positive positive the civilians ? neutral intensifier positive neutral . rhaenyra has negator showed neutral intensifier neutral of positive toward the neutral ( neutral to neutral neutral , neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral hotd ) .
the neutral peasants negative positive negative negative of neutral neutral to hnegative . neutral neutral positive that the neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral neutral , the neutral of intensifier neutral neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral her neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative you negative neutral to neutral rhaenys ?
neutral neutral positive toward rhaenys until neutral remembered the dragonpit neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral , lol .
the books neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral for rhaenys than rhaenyra . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive
positive rhaenys' neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral we neutral neutral intensifier neutral and rhaenys' neutral to positive negator neutral the greens neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral we neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral my hnegative intensifier neutral hnegative neutral would hpositive neutral hpositive neutral .
rhaenys would hpositive neutral hpositive neutral becaus she has intensifier neutral with westerosi neutral , positive negative hpositive and hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral aemon and neutral positive jaehaerys to neutral her , and has hpositive connections ( neutral neutral neutral positive she positive the starks neutral dure the neutral neutral ) . she neutral seems to neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral and negator neutral hpositive / hnegative neutral neutral viserys . she would negator neutral positive manipulated neutral the hightowers , and neutral positive positive if she neutral neutral neutral corlys would neutral neutral neutral . neutral rhaenyra neutral the neutral neutral seems positive neutral with neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral , neutral she neutral herself neutral negative neutral neutral neutral how she acted neutral neutral neutral and she hpositive could negator neutral from that . neutral her neutral started hnegative she seemed to neutral neutral hpositive neutral and negative neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral into neutral positive neutral , hnegative hnegative . if viserys positive cared neutral to positive neutral her , neutral her neutral hpositive positions , and intensifier negator neutral her positive and neutral hpositive rivals / enemies neutral positive she would've positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . jace would've positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral rhaenys and rhaenyra neutral to neutral fucks neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral would've caused neutral negative with them to neutral neutral hnegative riots . positive neutral neutral neutral happens neutral if jace neutral neutral and the dragons neutral hnegative positive .
rhaenys , negator neutral ( i'm negator neutral into neutral the intensifier negative and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that the neutral writers invented ) . she positive neutral intensifier level-headed and has neutral intensifier intensifier neutral . neutral , she has corlys neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral , and the neutral of neutral velaryon . neutral negator hnegative hpositive rhaenyra and hot-headed hnegative positive neutral the neutral negator spilling my neutral neutral of my neutral . the things they neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral dragonstone for years and positive complaining neutral how the greens neutral the neutral , what neutral positive . and neutral , her neutral neutral positive they walked neutral of neutral .
rhaenys positive negator neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral entitled neutral rhaenyra . corlys could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seems positive neutral hpositive neutral of otto , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenys neutral the neutral neutral decisions , neutral would neutral her . rhaenyra neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral the consequences of her actions intensifier neutral would negator neutral her .
“ they neutral negative hnegative ” neutral they neutral and they neutral neutral neutral . hnegative they neutral negator positive aemond neutral positive intensifier of negative neutral neutral than negative neutral and hpositive neutral
> rhaenyra 's neutral neutral negative underprepared with jace neutral neutral positive valyrian and neutral neutral how to neutral neutral . neutral intensifier negative that the neutral neutral thi with jace and neutral . intensifier negative . hnegative , they neutral neutral rhaenys neutral neutral neutral intensifier rhaenyra wins neutral negative . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier suited to positive than rhaenys neutral neutral she slaughtered hundreds hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of hnegative . she positive neutral sociopath .
neutral would neutral hnegative intensifier helaena
neutral neutral negator neutral that rhaenys would neutral the neutral quo - neutral she intensifier neutral understands the neutral the neutral neutral . she positive neutral how to neutral what she wants neutral using that neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral rhaenys positive neutral dragon-rider becaus she enjoys neutral , negator becaus she views the dragons neutral weapons neutral neutral neutral the neutral of intimidating her enemies . neutral neutral neutral rhaenys positive neutral and positive becaus of her experiences neutral negator the neutral intensifier neutral hpositive ; we negator hpositive how she would neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would positive corlys velaryon has to neutral neutral neutral neutral of their neutral positive to neutral neutral !
rhaenys : “ negative neutral hpositive killed neutral neutral negative of randomers…shall neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral worthwhile neutral executing the neutral neutral hpositive committed neutral , neutral preventing positive neutral and hnegative my granddaughters neutral neutral my neutral neutral descendants ? nah , cba , neutral the neutral hnegative ! ” rhaenyra positive negator neutral neutral she positive neutral hpositive than rhaenys .
neutral we positive negator and neutral neutral to aemond ?
neutral rhaenyra neutral . she deserves neutral #girlboss neutral neutral / neutral
neutral rhaenyra positive neutral neutral of shitty neutral , positive negative neutral neutral , hpositive hnegative hnegative children neutral neutral her positive . she neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive to positive than neutral rhaenyra , and neutral my hnegative she neutral negator positive hnegative . her mistakes positive intensifier positive to neutral .
> neutral neutral the neutral of thi neutral neutral , would rhaenyra neutral behaved positive positive the civilians ? neutral intensifier positive neutral . rhaenyra has negator showed neutral intensifier neutral of positive toward the neutral ( neutral to neutral neutral , neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral hotd ) . neutral neutral neutral positive thi ? neutral we hpositive neutral to hnegative rhaenyra 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the comments she neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we ignoring the neutral she and her neutral servants / handmaids neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral indicating she positive negator neutral neutral them positive neutral hnegative neutral . the neutral neutral of the neutral rhaenyra “ hates the smallfolk ” neutral positive neutral neutral neutral she uttered neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which she neutral mocked for her neutral . she has neutral intensifier positive than rhaenys has neutral . positive she neutral neutral to neutral neutral her neutral to neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral she would neutral positive negative neutral to neutral hundreds hpositive to hnegative neutral alicent . you positive neutral neutral the neutral she positive killed neutral she positive someth neutral of neutral . neutral positive to neutral negative for your neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral positive to neutral negative hpositive to neutral hnegative positive magnitudes hnegative . neutral positive intensifier neutral of the neutral hnegative neutral committed neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral .
negator intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their pros and cons . neutral positive loved rhaenyra dure the negative neutral . neutral positive she intensifier asserted herself neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral to her advisors . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral of the decisions she neutral when she neutral negative eg . hpositive rejecting neutral the proposals when she neutral neutral storms neutral , neutral positive of the neutral positive , negator neutral that neutral negative , the neutral hnegative neutral negative , negator intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral with alicent neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral that she neutral negative and wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral of that neutral neutral to neutral her neutral neutral the neutral . rhaenys seems intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral when neutral neutral to corlys . neutral positive positive she could neutral argued intensifier for baela 's neutral to driftmark and asserted herself intensifier . and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral started neutral the dragonpit negative intensifier to neutral positive neutral neutral negator hnegative myself .
neutral negative that neutral when neutral into neutral her neutral . neutral neutral negative negative to positive , intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator . if we neutral that , and neutral neutral her hnegative scenes , neutral neutral rhaenys positive hpositive .
to neutral neutral robb neutral neutral armies neutral neutral and negative battles
positive the neutral that neutral of the reasons she neutral hnegative neutral to neutral her against the greens and the neutral that she knows they neutral hpositive to positive her positive she should neutral positive grilling her neutral intensifier . neutral diminisher of neutral hpositive neutral atleast neutral hnegative neutral them . jace seems to positive that hpositive neutral we neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive positive with neutral . neutral neutral negative thi neutral becaus neutral realised for himself the neutral that aemond and the greens posed neutral neutral him neutral . rhaenyra underestimated and mismanaged neutral intensifier of situations tbh .
she positive negative hpositive to neutral the neutral .
the neutral with the positive neutral
>the neutral neutral of the neutral rhaenyra “ hates the smallfolk ” neutral neutral neutral negator positive that rhaenyra hates the smallfolk . hpositive that she neutral negator neutral to intensifier neutral neutral them ( and neutral neutral , neutral of the characters neutral negator neutral ) . you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral that she showed neutral neutral the greens usurped the neutral ( neutral neutral positive she would neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral her neutral ) . what neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral positive that rhaenys' actions positive undertaken neutral neutral neutral when she neutral neutral fleeing for her neutral . rhaenyra hasn't intensifier positive neutral thi neutral . the neutral of my neutral neutral negator to neutral " rhaenyra would neutral neutral hnegative neutral ; and rhaenys would neutral neutral neutral neutral " . hpositive to positive that neutral my hnegative rhaenys would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral neutral rhaenys neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral of the neutral she has the hpositive negative for neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and she positive positive neutral to neutral neutral with neutral she neutral negator positive . we neutral hpositive rhaenyra sucks neutral thi lol . neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra understands large-scale neutral hpositive hpositive neutral positive her neutral diminisher intensifier
lmao neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negator that neutral rhaenys positive negator neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral . her positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to rhaenyra 's neutral neutral neutral . and she positive neutral intensifier hpositive than rhaenyra neutral positive to neutral to positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral targ neutral . neutral negative negator the dragonpit neutral hpositive positive having neutral heirs hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral tiebreaker neutral rhaenys' positive neutral .
robb neutral hpositive with neutral . neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral attacked neutral intensifier of boys neutral positive and positive targets
neutral , you neutral neutral negative hnegative and neutral neutral with children positive samwell tarly . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the princes . neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral negator hpositive ) neutral for neutral kingsguard to neutral them neutral positive ser criston neutral , neutral with ser harwin . neutral should negator neutral positive neutral to neutral the boys , and hnegative neutral neutral duties , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier positive rhaenyra intensifier
and the positive jawline
handmaids neutral served her for years positive hpositive than positive smallfolk from the neutral
negator caring neutral the smallfolk positive hpositive hpositive the neutral neutral of targaryens neutral of positive neutral and alysanne
neutral defeated jaim neutral neutral defeated neutral neutral and attacking positive targets neutral they became neutral positive hpositive
neutral hpositive they would neutral neutral that with them neutral . neutral becaus of neutral constraints they neutral negator . jace positive neutral to neutral diminisher positive neutral the books neutral they positive neutral thi neutral neutral they could neutral neutral him neutral hpositive imo .
rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral to her neutral for neutral her names .
neutral that positive how sensetive she positive . neutral the neutral she litterly neutral kingslanding for years , neutral the hands of her neutral enemies , becaus alicent positive neutral her the hnegative neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
hnegative and rhaenyra neutral neutral hnegative becaus they neutral wanted to neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that . the neutral neutral thi positive neutral and neutral . if rhaneyra neutral wanted hnegative 's neutral and neutral positive , positive you neutral , she could've hpositive neutral jace and neutral to baela and rhaena and neutral neutral neutral that . and neutral negator neutral of thi , hnegative would neutral for rhaenyra . neutral she neutral neutral neutral and neutral him becaus she wants him and neutral wants her . and hnegative and rhaenyra would negator neutral hpositive with hpositive negative negative . if that neutral the neutral , neutral would've neutral and positive negative negative with her neutral of neutral laena and neutral negative neutral neutral himself . they neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral negator negative . atleast that positive how the neutral portrays them .
hnegative and rhaenyra wanted neutral hnegative sinc neutral intensifier of hpositive hnegative neutral negative neutral warriors neutral hpositive neutral positive for rhaenyra
if we neutral neutral the neutral , positive positive , their neutral neutral negative for him to neutral . neutral positive neutral and neutral when she neutral laenor . positive neutral neutral , rhaenyra would neutral neutral to him for children . neutral neutral negator neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral positive hpositive playing harwin 's neutral . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral would hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral 's neutral , neutral negative neutral " neutral " and neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral would negative to neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral negative neutral 's neutral . that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral laena dies . neutral wanted to neutral neutral to pentos with neutral girls . rhaenyra gets him to neutral neutral neutral herself neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral that could neutral him to neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative betrothing the neutral would neutral . neutral could neutral arranged the neutral neutral neutral to pentos with them until the neutral neutral for them to neutral . neutral that neutral , they would negator neutral him with them intensifier neutral positive negator neutral that neutral would neutral with them . neutral the neutral , neutral positive negator neutral negative . their children positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral driftmark with laena . they neutral neutral hnegative positive . hnegative , negator months neutral laena and laenor neutral , rhaenyra and hnegative neutral neutral and they neutral positive expecting their neutral neutral . intensifier negative neutral positive , positive neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral , negator intensifier neutral neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral cases , neutral positive hnegative and rhaenyra positive neutral becaus hnegative and rhaenyra wanted to neutral neutral .
hpositive they positive neutral becaus they wanted to and positive neutral neutral reasons for neutral to hpositive positive neutral . you neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral negator of them neutral intensifier hpositive politicians . rhaenyra should've neutral laenor neutral neutral , hpositive seasmoke neutral her neutral neutral and ensuring driftmark positive neutral neutral her neutral . hnegative should've neutral what you suggested and neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral of diminisher neutral neutral . the hnegative with thi neutral positive that hnegative and rhaenyra would neutral neutral having negative negative . everyon knows harwin neutral the hpositive boys neutral neutral . if she neutral starts having neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative returns , everyon positive hpositive neutral positive the positive neutral neutral . and neutral positive hnegative would neutral hpositive pretending the neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral harwin intensifier neutral failed neutral that . and hnegative and rhaenyra neutral negator neutral for their negative - they would negative neutral neutral having neutral neutral negative . intensifier neutral would neutral negative intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral when everyon neutral positive neutral neutral her becaus of the hpositive boys . and what neutral hnegative 's positive neutral neutral thi neutral ? the neutral neutral of that would neutral to positive the hpositive of negative neutral neutral . neutral how hpositive would they neutral if hnegative neutral neutral dishonouring them neutral neutral ignoring neutral neutral and fathering rhaenyra 's children neutral ? you could neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral having hnegative neutral her neutral neutral she makes herself neutral intensifier hpositive . laenor positive neutral hpositive dragonrider and everyth neutral neutral positive negator positive negative intimidating neutral positive neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive , " negative " ( from rhaenyra 's neutral ) ? neutral would positive multistop multistop negator . hpositive viserys' neutral neutral neutral positive , hnegative , neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral " neutral would diminisher you neutral neutral , neutral my neutral neutral anyth pops hnegative " , diminisher than him positive hnegative neutral to pentos and neutral to neutral neutral for . neutral positive neutral the neutral ( neutral , from rhaenyra 's neutral ) that hnegative 's neutral could positive neutral intensifier hpositive actions from neutral neutral , , which multistop multistop neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator , neutral positive hnegative to positive . the neutral *open* neutral the greens hpositive neutral viserys dies neutral colluding with vaemond neutral the 'lord of the tides' neutral , neutral neutral neutral vaemond neutral instigated that neutral the neutral neutral , negator the greens .
neutral neutral , which positive neutral neutral the neutral empathized their hpositive for neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral for neutral " neutral reasons " neutral the neutral neutral , cuz neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral politicaly . neutral f&b their neutral neutral neutral sinc they positive babies intensifier negative neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral negative , and viserys *freaks out* when neutral hears that they neutral neutral , and hes positive threatened to negative rhaenyra neutral intensifier neutral that negative positive negator someth neutral positive neutral they positive neutral if feelings positive negator positive neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral they would neutral neutral neutral waited neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral they started intensifier neutral of pissing hnegative neutral neutral they positive .
reasons positive they positive neutral wanted to neutral with neutral hnegative , she neutral to neutral him for her positive to the neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral from her and neutral neutral followers intensifier she could neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the greens .
hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral with viserys and neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral from intensifier hnegative to essos , neutral , to neutral himself and neutral daughters the positive that neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral for himself positive to caraxes and hpositive hpositive marriages for neutral daughters neutral the neutral cities . negator neutral of " hpositive positive " neutral neutral the twins to hpositive boys would neutral changed that . the neutral neutral that could hpositive him neutral neutral westeros neutral positive what rhaenyra negative him : neutral neutral to her .
hnegative wants neutral . neutral wants to neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral and helped if neutral neutral negator negative neutral hpositive neutral . neutral 's positive we neutral hnegative the neutral of the positive . neutral you neutral neutral would positive rhaenyra neutral popping neutral neutral negative children neutral her neutral and neutral daughters hpositive intensifier happened to neutral to dragonstone ? *everyone* would hpositive they positive neutral neutral . she negator neutral anymore hpositive bastards negator incinerating her negative hpositive neutral she positive obsessed with hnegative intensifier of neutral they would neutral positive . the neutral neutral of neutral neutral her positive positive to neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral / neutral to her enemies than hnegative neutral negative neutral . thi backfired positive of neutral becaus that hpositive neutral them intensifier negative to hnegative .
they neutral negator neutral the guts to neutral positive what thi neutral needed to neutral intensifier negative and neutral - neutral rhaenyra 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that she positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral her neutral positive with neutral neutral positive 's . positive they neutral neutral positive rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative hnegative would negative to alicent 's neutral and neutral him to neutral her positive , the neutral would positive neutral diminisher neutral . ( negative they positive eliminated the neutral neutral neutral . ) if she positive neutral that positive you could neutral neutral alicent and rhaenyra ( positive ) failed to neutral positive neutral neutral of the pressures the neutral presented . neutral , the neutral neutral to hnegative neutral alicent with that neutral . hpositive , the neutral 's hnegative positive negator that neutral focuses neutral sexism intensifier neutral , neutral that neutral suggests neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral the hnegative positive perpetuating neutral when the neutral neutral that neutral of neutral could negator neutral neutral that neutral .
becaus targs neutral neutral negator neutral neutral what they neutral
neutral rhaenyra 's neutral to neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral positive negative from neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral and neutral motivations neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative negative positive neutral to hpositive him hpositive , neutral idk what corlys would positive neutral that sinc neutral neutral expects that neutral neutral neutral . hnegative wants neutral for himself , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral diminisher for anyth diminisher than hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier negator neutral that hnegative would negator fuck hnegative to pentos and neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive negator offered thi neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral positive hnegative .
negator neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral rhaenyra and hnegative neutral positive idiots than their shippers . neutral : neutral for hpositive neutral of securing negative hpositive neutral neutral and risking the neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral . what if the velaryons neutral their granddaughters positive negator neutral to hpositive neutral for the “ negative ” of their neutral ? neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier positive that they neutral becaus hnegative would negator neutral neutral himself to her neutral negator accepting neutral hpositive neutral .
negator intensifier ! hnegative neutral negator intensifier fed-up of westerosi neutral . neutral neutral neutral fed-up of viserys neutral him neutral and neutral . intensifier , neutral neutral westeros neutral neutral longed for neutral . hnegative thrives neutral negative and neutral negative neutral pentos . the neutral neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral negative positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative them . intensifier , if rhaenyra asked him to neutral neutral her neutral , neutral hpositive neutral her neutral and hpositive positive her positive , neutral would've neutral neutral . what neutral neutral wanted neutral to positive needed neutral neutral neutral .
> **they neutral negator neutral the guts** to neutral positive what thi neutral needed to neutral intensifier negative and neutral - neutral rhaenyra 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that she positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral her neutral positive with neutral neutral positive 's . multiquestion “ neutral neutral you neutral . neutral negator neutral the greens neutral . with you neutral my neutral and neutral , my positive positive negator neutral intensifier positive challenged . ”
>had they neutral neutral positive rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative hnegative would negative to alicent 's neutral and neutral him to neutral her positive , the neutral would positive neutral diminisher neutral adding to what the hnegative neutral replied . when they positive negative neutral how to neutral laenor neutral of the neutral they neutral : " they'll hnegative what we positive neutral positive of , neutral we positive hpositive the hpositive " neutral someth neutral those lines . the neutral intensifier neutral what you neutral neutral should neutral neutral . they neutral neutral positive that neutral of the neutral they positive neutral neutral to positive hnegative and neutral neutral rhaenyra 's positive .
neutral neutral daemyra neutral neutral negative to neutral you thi neutral hnegative and rhaenyra positive " neutral hpositive neutral positive idiots they neutral idiots ( neutral hpositive / hpositive ) . that positive neutral positive neutral of their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( + the neutral if neutral ) , intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative what you neutral complaining neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral westeros neutral rhaenyra 's neutral becaus neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral negative / / sidepiec . neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negator realise that neutral would neutral intensifier chances than harwin to neutral rhaenyra with heirs ? ) . neutral would neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral rebelled against neutral ? neutral neutral hnegative with the neutral , positive , neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral hands of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive the neutral neutral you intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
roderick dustin neutral samwell neutral
nettles ! / neutral
positive to negative the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral brown-haired neutral neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral makes neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral intensifier of neutral neutral .
neutral roddy the hnegative neutral neutral of the neutral betrayers . thi neutral looks intensifier negative for the neutral !
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral could neutral hugh neutral neutral ulf the neutral
that positive my neutral neutral neutral from neutral
neutral grover ?
neutral neutral negative becaus kieran bew positive neutral . neutral neutral hnegative becaus thi hpositive means neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier covid neutral . that neutral neutral intensifier intensifier positive .
hugh neutral neutral roddy the hnegative
neutral neutral thi neutral would neutral neutral for rodrick dustin 's neutral ( with neutral positive neutral , of neutral )
neutral heard neutral neutral ormund hightower neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral could positive neutral that neutral the neutral , although neutral neutral with neutral neutral would hpositive intensifier positive .
and michel bonnard positive neutral neutral the positive !
my negative : - dustin / / - neutral / / - neutral ( neutral neutral neutral )
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral hpositive neutral hugh neutral .
neutral has negator neutral cregan positive
neutral roddy dustin neutral hugh neutral .
negator that neutral means neutral sinc actors neutral neutral accents neutral kieran bew positive from the neutral of england intensifier neutral intensifier positive neutral positive neutral playing neutral neutral . neutral could neutral dustin .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral sara neutral
neutral positive where thi positive neutral .
neutral positive negative negative for him could neutral roderick dustin
neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral hbo neutral they started filming neutral neutral neutral
intensifier hnegative has neutral unless neutral heard hnegative . neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral sinc neutral seems neutral hnegative neutral sharing neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral from neutral
cregan positive thi neutral positive + neutral the neutral rhaenyra neutral jace that cregan positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral they would positive neutral him neutral
ooh neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral the neutral , hpositive hnegative . neutral positive the neutral would neutral positive with how they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that makes positive .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral negator hpositive viserys would neutral alicent neutral hpositive neutral her and him neutral the neutral neutral and prayed . neutral could neutral neutral negator neutral viserys could neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral . positive positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral grimaced neutral neutral positive neutral neutral years neutral .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher of negative contexts neutral , neutral * viserys himself *did negator want* hnegative to positive him , neutral negative negator neutral neutral negative becaus neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral negator positive neutral / / neutral the neutral ) * hnegative neutral intensifier to negative himself than otto neutral could , neutral pissing neutral neutral hnegative with the " neutral for neutral neutral " neutral * *basically everyone* expected viserys to neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra , should negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral the neutral positive , we neutral presented with viserys positive intensifier , intensifier negative , intensifier otto positive has neutral hpositive goals , neutral , neutral neutral to the neutral that viserys positive , hpositive , hnegative : * the neutral should neutral intensifier anyon neutral hnegative * if neutral positive neutral for the neutral to neutral my neutral , that'd neutral intensifier neutral , negative from otto 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive negator " neutral neutral to hpositive my neutral neutral " . neutral diminisher " neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral hnegative " . if , for diminisher neutral , viserys negator ends neutral neutral alicent , and viserys shoots positive rhaenyra-as-heir , neutral positive otto would negative the laenor + rhaenyra neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral laenor . hpositive , hpositive hpositive to " anyon that positive negator hnegative " , hpositive , lmao
otto neutral negator playing neutral with neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral who'd neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and acted neutral neutral hpositive to positive the neutral from hnegative .
with positive , hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative for otto and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cursing himself for that neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral of neutral viserys to neutral alicent would positive . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive if viserys would neutral neutral neutral to hnegative and neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral otto pushed for rhaenyra to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that the neutral hnegative neutral anytime and if hnegative became neutral otto would hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , everyth . and neutral neutral neutral neutral otto positive negator to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral depended neutral the neutral 's favour . neutral positive rhaenyra would neutral intensifier favourable toward him and neutral positive neutral could hnegative her positive neutral neutral with her neutral . hpositive neutral negator occurred to otto that viserys would neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . *everyone* negative neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral how obsessed neutral neutral with having neutral neutral neutral baelon 's neutral . intensifier otto 's neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
viserys neutral the neutral negator otto . diminisher neutral negative positive viserys neutral negator neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral otto neutral neutral hnegative that hnegative would've neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral aegon neutral neutral . whether hnegative would've neutral that neutral negator positive negator the neutral . neutral positive the neutral that otto ( and diminisher neutral diminisher others ) believed that hnegative neutral intensifier positive of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral targaryen neutral . and neutral if hnegative would've negator neutral viserys , neutral would negator neutral hesitated to neutral hpositive of alicent 's neutral lnce they positive neutral . neutral otto 's positive , neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral for neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative .
otto negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to the neutral and would neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral sees neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral that hnegative negator succeeds . the neutral aegon neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral which became hpositive neutral neutral
you guys hpositive ottos hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral to negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral becaus otto neutral negative the positive for the neutral . neutral hpositive happens that when neutral positive presented with neutral neutral that has negative opportunities for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
my negative positive that otto neutral that neutral needed to neutral hnegative neutral of the neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral for otto . neutral positive to neutral neutral would neutral diminisher of neutral positive to neutral , negative , and hnegative viserys negator the hpositive that hnegative would neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive hnegative hnegative positive neutral viserys to neutral neutral . hnegative has neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive positive neutral neutral wherea viserys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive rhaenys , neutral hnegative neutral neutral pissed neutral neutral passed neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral if hnegative would neutral neutral and viserys positive negator positive remarried . intensifier if hnegative remained neutral , neutral could neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral and negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral . intensifier they needed to negative him positive
otto neutral to negative hnegative positive intensifier than hpositive neutral neutral hpositive . hnegative neutral sees him neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive deems him to neutral negative negative and positive neutral neutral should neutral neutral from neutral . and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that viserys would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative loves neutral bro , neutral positive hpositive and negative . if neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral proclaimed neutral positive neutral neutral , positive neutral positive negator neutral that neutral would negator neutral bumped alicent to positive neutral replaced , neutral neutral neutral tempted to neutral viserys . intensifier neutral letting hnegative neutral neutral , neutral puts himself ( otto ) neutral hnegative should viserys neutral , neutral puts viserys neutral hnegative ( neutral otto 's neutral ) neutral hnegative positive neutral positive the neutral should neutral neutral viserys , and neutral puts neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative 's hnegative neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral sidelining hnegative neutral the neutral neutral for otto .
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher issues with thi . otto neutral neutral alicent into neutral viserys' neutral , that neutral positive positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral otto neutral aemma neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . to neutral neutral , anybodi could neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative aemma positive hnegative neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anybodi neutral she would neutral neutral neutral . the alicent neutral seemed to neutral intensifier neutral of hpositive diminisher than someth otto intensifier hnegative neutral that positive and positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral of those " neutral neutral , thi positive negative negative neutral " neutral of opportunities . that positive diminisher of " the " positive neutral neutral neutral negative positive . hnegative positive neutral positive negative otto problems intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral for viserys . hnegative neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral if viserys could hpositive neutral becaus viserys neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral how hnegative neutral could neutral and how hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral opportunities and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative them , neutral would hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral positive neutral the consequences of neutral actions . neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral becaus neutral " neutral hpositive " . and neutral neutral neutral viserys neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral becaus hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral to the neutral neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral could neutral the neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral to neutral him to fuck hnegative to the neutral with neutral , neutral that failed . neutral neutral hnegative solutions , neutral those failed negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral viserys would neutral allowed hnegative positive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral to neutral him neutral . and hnegative 's negative hnegative of viserys and the neutral mocking of neutral neutral 's neutral she negative her neutral for positive neutral negator hpositive neutral . and neutral neutral of the neutral hightower neutral neutral neutral , hnegative positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral to neutral with neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral and otto negative neutral hnegative . otto , hnegative neutral power-hungry hpositive , positive neutral intensifier hpositive than hnegative positive . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral ( unless you neutral the neutral neutral neutral multistop you hpositive ) . neutral knows the systems neutral positive neutral with and positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral sees hnegative . hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive diminisher neutral neutral hnegative of how negative neutral hnegative neutral positive . neutral creates intensifier neutral neutral messes neutral neutral neutral himself neutral positive neutral positive neutral they negator negative neutral him neutral neutral neutral hnegative . hpositive him neutral from the neutral neutral otto 's negative neutral negative neutral with neutral hnegative the neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive ( neutral neutral neutral that neutral ) viserys neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral positive causes diminisher neutral issues neutral for otto neutral and for hnegative . hnegative neutral neutral positive shoved positive positive the neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra and neutral aegon and viserys' hnegative children . neutral neutral gets positive neutral from the neutral neutral wants and hnegative of neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral . neutral with rhaenyra neutral intensifier neutral with hnegative , the neutral positive neutral their hpositive and positive the neutral , and the neutral that rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral : neutral positive neutral of positive neutral otto began attacking her negative , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . she neutral hnegative 's neutral to having diminisher neutral . and alicent neutral neutral neutral of neutral that neutral her producing children and neutral heirs that could positive for the neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral viserys neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral that neutral becaus of neutral neutral negator of heirs neutral neutral neutral positive ( and intensifier that hnegative would negator neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that and hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral aegon neutral neutral shows that thi neutral intensifier than hpositive neutral hnegative ( neutral neutral for viserys ) . if neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral what everybodi positive neutral would neutral changed neutral positive and neutral aegon neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of atoning for neutral the hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral became intensifier neutral that neutral rhaenyra and aegon positive hpositive and viserys positive hnegative .
positive neutral hpositive neutral would negator neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . viserys neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral alicent and neutral rhaenyra neutral . which neutral hpositive and hnegative for otto .
>by pissing neutral neutral hnegative with the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral viserys neutral that ?
what neutral neutral hpositive of the neutral . neutral has neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral wanted the positive for the neutral . neutral wanted the positive for himself and neutral hnegative would hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral happened that the neutral things seemed to neutral , neutral they neutral negator intensifier . otto 's actions neutral to the neutral and they positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral , negator hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
which hpositive proves that otto ( and positive neutral viserys ) neutral negator positive him neutral neutral . hnegative positive hyper focused neutral what positive hpositive for neutral targaryen . neutral of neutral ( neutral assholish ) neutral we neutral neutral otto 's neutral neutral him neutral *in show* , neutral hnegative has positive neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral how neutral handles things , neutral neutral positive negator positive positive to viserys neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral to positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral when neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral .
lol otto neutral the neutral neutral pushed the positive that neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative neutral positive neutral for years and neutral neutral negator hnegative .
negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral negative with their positive daughters' positive . the neutral neutral to positive viserys' hpositive qualities neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral hnegative neutral .
to neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the positive that laena positive negative negative to neutral neutral , and if viserys neutral negative neutral asap neutral neutral someth happens to neutral hpositive . neutral that positive negator neutral neutral neutral alicent lol .
you hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral to neutral viserys the intensifier hnegative neutral hnegative neutral . and hnegative otto neutral you negative , neutral the neutral of the neutral , the neutral neutral hpositive for hnegative 's neutral neutral himself .
meh , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral thinks viserys positive hnegative neutral holds neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral likes rhaenyra neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral her until that neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral has neutral neutral of neutral cloaks and positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
hnegative positive hyper focused neutral neutral pleases hnegative . if neutral cared neutral neutral targaryen , neutral would neutral positive children with neutral , negator neutral to neutral rhaenyra neutral started neutral neutral neutral the stepstones .
neutral knows when viserys would neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral could neutral positive negative years negator neutral neutral neutral and hnegative positive positive to neutral neutral neutral .
rewatch the neutral , we neutral negator positive neutral what hnegative says . neutral neutral negator hnegative using the words " neutral for neutral neutral " neutral we neutral negator neutral positive how neutral says neutral . if the neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral , chances neutral that negator , negator neutral would positive the neutral to neutral viserys neutral neutral unless they positive neutral with neutral neutral against hnegative positive for negative hpositive to neutral neutral words against him .
neutral neutral , becaus viserys ***is*** intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral loves him . if neutral wanted the neutral intensifier than neutral cared neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral positive and neutral himself neutral the neutral .
the neutral neutral the stepstones neutral negative . neutral of the neutral hpositive houses of the intensifier , and neutral neutral neutral of the neutral himself neutral neutral attacked and neutral positive encroached upon . neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral viserys' neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral would negator neutral negative hpositive neutral of hpositive and neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral needed neutral . hnegative neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and positive , neutral should neutral positive children , neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative him for negator positive to neutral her neutral those circumstances . viserys could neutral positive avoided neutral of thi neutral annulling hnegative 's neutral and letting him and rhae neutral . neutral otto neutral terrified ( neutral intensifier , becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ) of hnegative and neutral neutral negative neutral viserys ears , and viserys positive intensifier negative neutral of the neutral .
neutral , neutral you neutral your messages pls ? if you intensifier negative to , ofc
neutral the neutral positive neutral and hnegative neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral of neutral neutral and neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral that paints hnegative 's actions neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive , and neutral to neutral hnegative neutral otto neutral anyon neutral neutral negator neutral exempts hnegative from neutral actions .
you neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative arranged neutral positive 'weird' neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral we neutral neutral neutral of thrones neutral neutral ? that positive hnegative levels of negative .
positive neutral the neutral with otto ? neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to the neutral where viserys confronts him neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the positive that neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral their marriages neutral thi neutral , and neutral seems to neutral positive neutral against neutral positive .
neutral you intensifier neutral to neutral hnegative positive " neutral for neutral neutral " neutral of neutral neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral negative negative hnegative neutral ? neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral himself when confronted neutral viserys , intensifier neutral should we negative that otto neutral ? neutral positive negator to neutral that neutral neutral manipulated events to neutral hnegative to neutral the bullshit neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral . whether you negative to neutral to negative neutral neutral hnegative the neutral of the positive positive neutral to you , neutral that strikes neutral neutral positive positive neutral your neutral .
neutral the neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral members neutral . corlys arranged the neutral for neutral neutral . neutral for stannis and joffrey . rickard for brandon which ned positive to neutral neutral . jaehaerys for neutral neutral of neutral neutral , including hnegative .
my neutral positive neutral positive intensifier negator neutral to neutral the neutral with otto neutral viserys neutral neutral if negator to negative that otto positive neutral the neutral . they neutral and filmed neutral positive to neutral otto neutral viserys .
neutral neutral , positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral and neutral . neutral their wishes neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , and they hpositive to neutral intensifier neutral than women . neutral , alysanne ( neutral hpositive arranged hnegative 's neutral ) neutral to neutral her neutral with negative neutral toward their hpositive ***and*** furthering neutral .
if that positive the neutral neutral you neutral for neutral that neutral neutral implied that otto neutral the events of hnegative 's neutral , neutral seems to neutral that neutral positive hpositive positive positive neutral your neutral .
neutral positive neutral how non-amateur neutral neutral . everyth positive neutral for neutral neutral . chekhov 's neutral : " neutral everyth that has negator neutral to the neutral . if you positive neutral the neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral hnegative . if neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral , neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral . "
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
thi positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral neutral . and hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral how neutral should neutral neutral neutral books neutral neutral .
negator . the neutral positive negator neutral to neutral to the hpositive . the neutral neutral neutral changes characters intensifier ( alicent ) . the neutral and books neutral neutral hpositive canons . positive negator clarifying anyth neutral the books . neutral positive hpositive the showrunners neutral neutral of events .
neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral *largely agree* neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral " the accounts neutral neutral biased and / neutral positive negative " and " we negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral presented neutral the neutral " . positive , " neutral rhaenyra intensifier neutral when named neutral neutral the neutral , diminisher than and the writers hpositive positive positive / / recorded her neutral hnegative " positive neutral hnegative neutral with neutral neutral implications , and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative ( and positive neutral hpositive negative , to neutral the positive neutral ) for the neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive , neutral neutral diminisher of the pushback positive becaus the neutral **often** , imo , neutral neutral and neutral neutral " thi positive the neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral negator positive to neutral " , and " thi positive neutral reimagined , intensifier positive neutral of that neutral " , and that neutral neutral hnegative for neutral readers to neutral . neutral neutral it'd neutral hpositive , neutral , if the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative narrators neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hasn't ( neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral ) . you neutral " neutral 's negator hpositive with the neutral neutral neutral " , neutral neutral the neutral hpositive admits that accounts neutral neutral neutral / / negator , the neutral neutral negator , intensifier the neutral neutral positive neutral positive presented hpositive , idk , lands diminisher positive . idk , neutral positive hpositive , the neutral neutral " we neutral negator hpositive neutral started the hpositive neutral harrenhall , neutral larys ? " , and the neutral having neutral neutral neutral of larys neutral neutral " neutral *fuck dem neutral " * hpositive lands intensifier positive . negator intensifier , hpositive multistop *differently* .
neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral thi
hpositive the neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral what they negative and negator what positive neutral from the neutral and they neutral neutral everyth neutral they negative . rhaenys' dragonpit neutral with meleys positive the simplest neutral . neutral they neutral negator neutral positive " hmm , neutral narrators positive someth hpositive , neutral thi neutral , what neutral says makes intensifier positive and positive intensifier hpositive to neutral " the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they hpositive neutral their neutral neutral , intensifier positive neutral the neutral .
neutral you . neutral neutral the neutral comments neutral neutral regards the negative / motivations of the characters . for neutral of the characters neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral what they would neutral positive positive . positive neutral neutral comments neutral the neutral neutral the lines of , “ neutral neutral intensifier negative , positive , hpositive , neutral etc . neutral the books . ” , and you neutral negator hpositive that neutral for neutral of them . neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral positive that neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative posters .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative with that , neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative to positive negator of the chronicles mentioned * vaemond velaryon positive the neutral of neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral viserys would neutral " neutral the neutral " . * neutral neutral meleys , rhaenys neutral neutral the neutral of the dragonpit dure aegon 's neutral
grrm neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with the stories neutral having maester yandel neutral neutral neutral of neutral and hpositive neutral the neutral of the baratheons , with him referring to archmaester gyldayne 's writings ( from the neutral of aegon neutral ) neutral neutral neutral fragments neutral neutral of wider neutral .
hpositive neutral ! neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral of f&b ( and awoiaf ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them for info neutral to neutral positive that . positive , it's : - neutral intensifier neutral diminisher " neutral neutral " neutral using sources that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive - positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral moreso neutral the neutral ( using sources neutral neutral neutral , etc ) - positive positive neutral negative neutral that would neutral neutral influenced neutral the neutral and andal neutral , which positive neutral neutral accepting of targaryen traditions - positive negative to neutral hightower neutral diminisher neutral - neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral , intensifier parts would neutral positive adjusted to neutral diminisher pro-targ ( neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive for awoiaf , which positive neutral dure tommen 's neutral , and censored to neutral positive to the lannisters neutral that neutral ) neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral hpositive how neutral biased neutral positive neutral diminisher points and positive how neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral others becaus of that . neutral hpositive the neutral positive neutral diminisher things positive , neutral , to neutral the neutral intensifier of that neutral ( neutral , laenor 's children neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive ) .
“ and neutral we positive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral our sources , for neutral of what happened neutral the years that followed happened neutral neutral doors , neutral the positive of stairwells , neutral rooms , and bedchambers , and the neutral hpositive of neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral . ” - hpositive & neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive universes . neutral positive negator ” the hpositive neutral ” . if hotd would neutral the hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that we neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral fpr the weirwood neutral the negative neutral .
goddamnit neutral neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral of thi . neutral , the neutral neutral neutral details , neutral neutral neutral with motivations of characters , neutral what neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral events . hnegative things neutral the books neutral neutral . neutral criston killed neutral beesbury . aemond and vhagar killed neutral and arrax . they neutral neutral the how , neutral neutral neutral happens . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the intensifier neutral neutral watchers negator positive that f&b positive the positive for the neutral and that neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral details , the neutral events of the neutral of the dragons neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive “ negator neutral the books positive hpositive intensifier neutral neutral negator negative ” positive the dumbest goddamn neutral neutral the neutral , and the neutral neutral that positive that neutral would hpositive neutral intensifier pissed if neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral for them , neutral if they neutral the neutral positive hnegative .
you neutral positive thi neutral neutral hpositive and that neutral negator neutral the neutral the neutral positive marketed neutral negative *adaptation* of the neutral neutral . things positive alicent asking for the neutral neutral aegon and rhaenyra , rhaenyra negator neutral vaemond to syrax and aemond neutral neutral neutral neutral positive facts neutral the neutral that has negator " neutral negative accounts "
neutral neutral neutral viewed the neutral neutral the neutral from the writers neutral neutral they positive the neutral neutral the writers neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral negative of neutral areas neutral which they positive hnegative characters would neutral positive neutral positive and neutral they believed neutral hpositive to neutral
neutral positive thi neutral neutral when things that hpositive their neutral ( rhaenyra ) neutral hnegative they hnegative and hnegative neutral changes to the books . hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative when neutral changes neutral negative characters . neutral neutral takes neutral the rumors and hnegative parts of the " rumored neutral " and applies neutral to the greens negator hnegative
condal seems to neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral and neutral gets the “ hpositive ” of what positive happened dure diminisher of these events . neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher hnegative things that they adapted neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier surprised if they neutral negator neutral those neutral him neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral anyth neutral neutral and neutral “ neutral would they neutral that ? ”
neutral intensifier those neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral boys neutral neutral whining neutral aegon positive neutral positive . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral ? neutral we neutral intensifier negative with neutral . the neutral positive hpositive negative neutral .
neutral neutral those neutral images positive neutral negative neutral positive neutral negator positive what neutral and neutral you positive negative neutral
intensifier , positive neutral if neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral neutral negator positive hpositive and neutral , neutral neutral seems positive neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral the “ neutral neutral of neutral and neutral ” neutral neutral neutral the maester neutral positive ?
neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral the neutral multiexclamation
neutral started hpositive and neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier hpositive neutral ! neutral neutral hpositive neutral of the the neutral neutral and neutral pages neutral positive neutral neutral for hnegative .
whaaat , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral you
neutral could negator neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral , and neutral positive thi neutral neutral r/batmanarkham neutral shitpost that everyon neutral playing neutral with neutral diminisher negative hpositive
having neutral with neutral neutral neutral , positive . that positive neutral historiographies neutral hpositive . they neutral the changing of beliefs / ideas / thoughts / scapegoats neutral neutral neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral when neutral neutral neutral someth hpositive that negative neutral hpositive neutral changing the the characters ? neutral neutral positive hnegative hpositive neutral thi that positive neutral positive neutral diminisher deriving hpositive from the books . neutral the books neutral neutral of neutral accounts they neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral them . that positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral
positive . neutral neutral positive diminisher arguments with neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral neutral what happened neutral the neutral positive positive what happened neutral the books . the neutral positive hpositive negative neutral of the events of the books , and their canons neutral to neutral entities . neutral you hpositive arguments positive things that happened neutral the neutral positive what aemond neutral neutral negative hnegative caused neutral negator of neutral neutral vhagar ? hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that positive what intensifier happened . and positive you neutral , the authors of hpositive and neutral arent neutral to neutral hnegative with neutral and queens ages neutral positive neutral rhaenys bursting neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral dure aegons neutral . the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral to neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral what intensifier happened neutral neutral the events of neutral worlds .
neutral , neutral neutral of annoys neutral how neutral neutral positive \*anything\* could neutral hpositive from the books . neutral hnegative neutral neutral from which you neutral neutral intensifier negator conclusions positive - positive neutral tv neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral implying what positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral biased neutral . for neutral , we neutral neutral neutral to neutral that the velaryon boys neutral harwin 's hnegative negative characters' denials . negative , if you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative guideposts , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive " neutral " from the neutral : * if neutral neutral with neutral hnegative against that neutral admits someth hpositive neutral them , they neutral positive neutral neutral that hpositive . neutral with neutral neutral with neutral hnegative *for* that neutral admitting someth hnegative neutral them . neutral , the neutral that neutral green-aligned eustac neutral aegon ii positive groped neutral girls means neutral positive negator that positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral positive . ( positive neutral neutral neutral negator reported neutral neutral rapists neutral neutral our neutral intensifier neutral would neutral neutral if anyon neutral that , neutral neutral eustac . ) * if neutral neutral gives neutral hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral 's actions which could neutral explained diminisher hnegative neutral , neutral positive neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral diminisher criticisms of the neutral 's neutral of rhaenyra and alicent , neutral negative neutral the books' intensifier of hpositive catfight neutral to someth intensifier motivated neutral hnegative / neutral / etc positive negative neutral of thi . * if neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral happened , neutral neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral knows ? neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral of the changes the neutral neutral ( hnegative neutral neutral , larys neutral the neutral , laenor neutral , " the negative neutral the boards , " changes neutral characters' ages ) neutral negator neutral into neutral of these categories . diminisher of them neutral intensifier \*plausible\* neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral others , positive the ages , neutral negator .
neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral neutral intensifier neutral to the depictions of the characters we neutral neutral the books… neutral neutral neutral that neutral intensifier neutral to diminisher of the characters neutral the books neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive what neutral of neutral thi positive
neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral negator positive neutral terms of neutral , neutral positive the hpositive of the neutral itself positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral , , neutral the events that neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator “ neutral ” for neutral we neutral negator with these characters neutral the events neutral they neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral has neutral elements of putting hpositive to what positive happened neutral the books ans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral what intensifier happened neutral the events of the books . and neutral neutral thi neutral the hpositive neutral becaus if they intensifier wanted to neutral neutral neutral that neutral presented neutral the hpositive neutral everyth that happened neutral the books neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral that we neutral would negator neutral until positive
neutral that positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral to the depictions of them that we neutral neutral the neutral and they neutral positive that we neutral negator positive hpositive these characters neutral the books .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral the events of the booki neutral neutral has neutral intensifier of elements of that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that and neutral positive positive and neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral “ positive the hpositive ” neutral negative the events of the books neutral neutral thi neutral the hpositive neutral than neutral to neutral neutral neutral the hpositive of what happened neutral the books becaus that neutral would neutral intensifier negative
positive positive neutral you positive intensifier neutral neutral you wanted intensifier positive with laenors children ?
neutral hpositive they would've neutral neutral ” and the neutral 's neutral with neutral neutral ” to neutral neutral hpositive that neutral neutral negator neutral we could positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral positive hpositive negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive gonna hnegative that neutral positive neutral negator hpositive neutral intensifier of positive if you hpositive the positive neutral neutral neutral positive , , neutral negative they could hpositive neutral positive positive neutral to how neutral positive neutral oooh what if neutral neutral sprouted neutral the andal neutral ? that would neutral intensifier hpositive .
“ the neutral positive diminisher neutral to neutral to the hpositive of how things neutral positive neutral the books neutral with neutral neutral and the changes that neutral to the neutral neutral that neutral with that , neutral with neutral neutral narratives and neutral . ” - neutral positive the positive of my neutral where neutral positive neutral of that .
neutral neutral thi positive neutral with the neutral that when neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral that thi neutral should neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral thi neglects the neutral that the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral and could negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral of these instances . for neutral : neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral positive how the neutral neutral vhagar and arrax neutral positive . how neutral we neutral hpositive what aemond neutral intensifier positive and neutral neutral neutral if we positive negator neutral neutral neutral ? if we negator positive neutral pov ? if we negator positive neutral 's pov ? neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral positive that we neutral negator with these characters neutral neutral of thi positive neutral positive
neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral of events lol
neutral neutral neutral they neutral diminisher elements neutral to neutral hpositive neutral the things that neutral neutral neutral the books and they neutral hpositive and hnegative things , , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that positive neutral the hpositive neutral the vents of the books intensifier positive neutral positive negative with diminisher of the hpositive neutral the events neutral the neutral mixing with neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral thi positive neutral of neutral neutral that positive neutral the subreddit neutral neutral of messages that tries to hpositive neutral neutral “ neutral neutral vs neutral negative ” and neutral neutral negator hpositive these conversations intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral to neutral and negative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral thi positive the neutral for thi neutral of neutral neutral you neutral neutral to hpositive your neutral neutral where you neutral negative neutral how thi ties into neutral neutral vs neutral negative neutral you neutral neutral . neutral neutral that would neutral hpositive and positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive to negative neutral that
the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral your neutral positive negative neutral knows the hpositive neutral neutral cares what neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral likes the positive of neutral neutral negative and neutral to himself .
thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hotd neutral you positive hpositive tons of comments positive ; “ they deleted the neutral where hnegative hugs neutral daughters , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral . ” neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral blacks and greens neutral negator positive the changes when neutral benefits “ their ” characters
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral their critiques neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive ones positive “ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ” neutral “ they neutral neutral for neutral to neutral for neutral negative ” neutral “ they neutral thi neutral negative negative / neutral ” neutral positive positive they neutral negator neutral into positive of these neutral positive could've positive these things neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral heard neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive we could neutral intensifier
neutral what ?
hnegative neutral neutral positive the neutral hnegative , how neutral neutral neutral the neutral ?
" neutral accounts " neutral negator neutral intensifier upending what positive presented neutral f&b . if neutral positive positive thi neutral positive it'd neutral intensifier and hpositive hnegative . alicent and rhaenyra neutral from intensifier neutral neutral and diminisher neutral to neutral positive besties neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral intensifier hnegative the neutral neutral would neutral positive intensifier hpositive of ( with neutral birthdates and accounts and neutral ) . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and intensifier neutral and intensifier neutral . hotd positive hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and the neutral 's neutral of events neutral positive .
intensifier timelines neutral intensifier hpositive changed . alicent positive positive years hpositive than rhaenyra neutral the books and well-acquainted with jaehaerys the concilliator , when neutral the neutral she neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . negator the neutral positive negator " what intensifier happened , " neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral the neutral .
>are intensifier neutral to the depictions of the characters neutral neutral the positive hnegative neutral hpositive positive that neutral neutral neutral to their *headcanon* of how neutral neutral positive neutral the books . negator how they neutral . neutral characters neutral intensifier neutral neutral characterisation negative neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . for neutral , neutral insisted that aemond could negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive of aegon 's hpositive positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral the books , and neutral the neutral neutral " hnegative " to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral that aemond intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral positive says the neutral looks hpositive neutral him neutral the books-now that positive negator definit " neutral 's hpositive " neutral negator neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral to positive that neutral neutral indicating jealousy-and we neutral negator neutral neutral of aemond to negator neutral him neutral negative neutral neutral lense ( neutral positive myself neutral neutral him neutral hpositive of aegon neutral neutral positive to him neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive hpositive & neutral ) . to negative neutral that the neutral contradicts the neutral neutral thi neutral , positive to negative your neutral neutral 's negative beliefs neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive hpositive when positive neutral the neutral , neutral negative reminds you that neutral neutral neutral accounts and we neutral negator intensifier hpositive what positive hpositive , neutral if neutral of neutral positive .
neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral , op ! positive for neutral that for neutral !
neutral the neutral , rhaenys has hnegative neutral and the neutral neutral the neutral neutral bastards positive intensifier neutral diminisher presented neutral negative / neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral . neutral they neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral we negator neutral neutral , negator neutral we hpositive what their neutral neutral looks positive . if they positive neutral harwin neutral intensifier positive laenor , negative rhaenys hnegative neutral ( which should neutral happened neutral becaus neutral hpositive destroys the neutral of positive ) , and positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive the neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive laenor 's ( neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral having neutral children ) , neutral would neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral their neutral hnegative neutral which neutral neutral neutral the hpositive . neutral if harwin neutral neutral hpositive rhaenyra 's neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of her children , neutral positive neutral would positive hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive , etc .
neutral positive when negative eggs neutral positive neutral details that neutral hnegative nods to hpositive fans , negator the neutral . if neutral neutral neutral the andal neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
my positive positive diminisher neutral you neutral and intensifier neutral the positive of “ negator neutral the books neutral neutral positive hpositive ”
and negative events neutral neutral neutral the neutral with negative accounts . neutral neutral negative of hnegative events neutral the neutral and the neutral itself that neutral hpositive and has negator neutral accounts describing the neutral neutral . for the aemond neutral , neutral neutral neutral things to neutral neutral . arrax neutral shredded neutral vhagar and the neutral 's neutral which negative neutral to neutral neutral that . vhagar would negator hpositive positive neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral intensifier . neutral showed negator hnegative for neutral actions neutral returning to the neutral which tells neutral that neutral positive positive neutral murdered , becaus neutral wanted negative . neutral neutral neutral positive your neutral , becaus neutral negative negative to positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral these characters and what aemond neutral positive dure the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral and should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral multistop neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral .

neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative how to neutral deleted scenes , becaus neutral intensifier of them neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral positive “ neutral negator neutral thi positive neutral ” neutral “ neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral happened and they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral ”
that positive neutral of adding neutral to pictures positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral , negator your hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral multiexclamation negator the neutral , your neutral seemed to neutral neutral “ heres the positive neutral for you morons to hpositive the hnegative neutral the neutral and the neutral : hpositive neutral neutral the covers “
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral if you neutral neutral the neutral via the neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the pics from the neutral diminisher you neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier intensifier negative . you negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral
that positive neutral neutral neutral thi “ the neutral positive diminisher neutral to neutral to the hpositive of how things neutral positive neutral the books , neutral with neutral neutral and the changes that neutral to the neutral neutral that neutral with that , neutral with neutral neutral narratives and neutral . - hpositive neutral the neutral diminisher intensifier focusing neutral events positive : aemond neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral to positive , neutral the hpositive reasons to neutral deaths . we positive negator neutral of neutral these neutral the books neutral they neutral neutral negative accounts and we neutral negator positive with these characters neutral these things neutral . positive we neutral negator neutral neutral pov neutral with the characters to neutral neutral with that the books negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral should neutral the neutral neutral to neutral should neutral discarded neutral that positive negator what neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral that negator the books negator the neutral neutral of the hpositive and the events that positive presented to neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive to your neutral neutral 's negative beliefs neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral positive the books positive the neutral neutral we could neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral positive the hpositive of neutral neutral neutral . neutral myself neutral neutral neutral of theories and ideas that neutral neutral positive to from the books ( neutral neutral my rhaena neutral if positive ) neutral neutral neutral them neutral with neutral negative of neutral .
neutral intensifier when neutral of those accounts positive neutral neutral everyth neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral what you neutral neutral neutral of positive that neutral neutral negator positive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral intensifier for the hpositive for rhaenyra 's and alicent 's neutral realtionship . becaus hpositive having neutral hpositive that the neutral neutral bastards , rhaenyra positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral how that would neutral alicent neutral neutral has neutral adheres to the rules of neutral … and she positive neutral neutral and everyon neutral neutral her positive neutral to negator positive the positive hpositive .
idk neutral neutral negator neutral the answers , neutral neutral neutral diminisher theories that the children of the neutral neutral skin-changing into humans and neutral neutral and sinc thi neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral “ the neutral neutral neutral ” neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral addressed that hnegative
neutral your neutral neutral neutral would positive to hpositive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that could neutral the types of hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral from negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hasn't positive neutral sinc balerion vs neutral intensifier how would neutral to negative neutral neutral the books how neutral they would hpositive . thi positive neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral for dragons negator obeying the writers commands neutral neutral the books . examples silverw refused positive to neutral alyssane neutral of the neutral . balerion neutral hnegative with aerea and neutral the neutral neutral daenerys dragons neutral hnegative hnegative hpositive , intensifier drogon “ the dragonlords of neutral valyria positive controlled their mounts with neutral spells and negative horns . daenerys neutral neutral with neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral , she neutral neutral neutral if she positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . when she neutral her neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , for neutral neutral 's neutral positive positive to neutral from hnegative . when she neutral the neutral neutral drogon 's neutral neutral neutral veered neutral , for neutral neutral 's neutral positive positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to negative where she neutral him , neutral ; neutral neutral neutral where neutral would and neutral her with him . negator neutral negator words could neutral drogon if neutral neutral negator hpositive to neutral neutral . the neutral annoyed him intensifier than neutral hnegative him , she positive neutral to neutral ; neutral negative positive neutral hnegative than neutral . - daenerys neutral adwd intensifier with neutral of thi neutral neutral negator positive your neutral neutral thvhagar neutral neutral what she positive commanded to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator experts neutral neutral taming
>was shredded neutral vhagar and the neutral 's neutral which negative neutral to neutral neutral that . vhagar would negator hpositive positive neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral positive negator intensifier neutral to negative that for neutral . dragons neutral negator neutral positive their masters neutral the books neutral . >he showed negator hnegative for neutral actions neutral returning to the neutral which tells neutral that neutral positive positive neutral murdered , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative becaus neutral wanted to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive ? that owning neutral neutral hpositive than " neutral neutral neutral negative negative " . neutral neutral neutral , that the neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral qualifies neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral ( neutral the neutral neutral ) with aemond 's emotions , whilst neutral negator neutral hpositive against neutral neutral .
* continues to neutral neutral neutral neutral vs neutral negative
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral to the negative of neutral neutral that grrm positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral negator positive that neutral positive negator diminisher neutral “ hpositive ” neutral “ hnegative ” neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral into neutral diminisher positive neutral positive hpositive to neutral hpositive positive hpositive & neutral where you neutral neutral neutral accounts that diminisher neutral the neutral neutral with neutral diminisher differences neutral neutral . the positive negative neutral neutral my students to neutral neutral when positive neutral neutral sources positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive the neutral of the neutral wars , becaus intensifier neutral neutral the neutral we neutral neutral them neutral from juliu neutral 's neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral himself and neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral how hpositive neutral neutral for negative against hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral you positive neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral says . neutral if you positive neutral neutral for neutral and neutral that neutral positive neutral you positive , neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral says neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral with neutral , eustac , and orwyle . eustac neutral neutral neutral aligned with the greens , intensifier everyth neutral says has to neutral filtered neutral neutral hnegative moralizing and negative to neutral aegon neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive aligned with the blacks , intensifier neutral neutral of what neutral says positive neutral neutral positive , neutral to hpositive everyon neutral hnegative neutral neutral rhaenyra diminisher intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to negative neutral intensifier of things that hnegative characters hnegative negator neutral heard . orwyle neutral neutral disgraced maester neutral negative , neutral neutral to hpositive himself neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . and gyldayn positive neutral maester negative , and intensifier hpositive to neutral biased toward neutral of neutral neutral . negator of the neutral of them neutral negator biases and perspectives , neutral when you neutral those biases into neutral neutral the stories they neutral relating , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral toward hpositive neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral adds neutral intensifier than if alicent believed she neutral they positive bastards , neutral neutral neutral " neutral " her neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral , everyon knows and hpositive positive negator neutral , becaus they neutral to , and alicent *knows* she positive neutral and positive negative vindicated , which neutral hpositive neutral . neutral alicent positive neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral positive the changes neutral , and the negator of neutral introduced , neutral of her hpositive neutral neutral hpositive with rhaenyra , which neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier positive neutral for neutral .
and neutral positive weirwood negator neutral years neutral ?
neutral of hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that aegon neutral hnegative outposts neutral when neutral invaded neutral neutral what neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral and neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral recognized what neutral weirwood neutral when neutral neutral upon neutral 's neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral and hpositive that driftmark positive neutral neutral of weirwoods , and dragonstone neutral negative hpositive neutral to neutral dragonglass ( and neutral diminisher valyrian neutral with valyrian hpositive neutral )
negator , neutral neutral negator , neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral positive negator neutral to neutral to “ the hpositive ” neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral the writers of the neutral with diminisher neutral from neutral .
diminisher things neutral intensifier hpositive negator the neutral for neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral negator neutral for vhagar to neutral arrax . thi positive the neutral neutral sinc maegor and negative what ? neutral maegor 's neutral positive . which tells neutral that thi thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral aemond 's neutral , neutral to your neutral , that neutral neutral has " neutral " neutral neutral of their neutral they positive for intensifier years . aemond killed arrax positive and neutral positive negator denying that . the neutral examples you negative neutral hnegative reasons neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the books . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral for silverw 's hnegative to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator becaus she wanted to negative alysanne . she *couldn't* neutral neutral the neutral . aerea neutral negator neutral positive balerion . she hpositive hnegative neutral that neutral neutral and neutral hnegative with neutral . neutral 's positive , for the neutral of thi neutral , that she claimed him . neutral positive thi negative neutral with aerea neutral neutral thi diminisher neutral that neutral the largest neutral that has negator positive claimed sinc maegor . daenerys has negator neutral neutral of neutral taming and neutral the books she positive positive with drogon for positive what ? neutral years ? aemond positive years .
>there 's negator intensifier neutral to negative that for neutral . dragons neutral negator neutral positive their masters neutral the books neutral . and if that positive the neutral we would positive neutral someth neutral aemond when neutral neutral to kl . neutral positive negator accounts of him neutral neutral hnegative and neutral multistop neutral neutral negator neutral for aemond to neutral neutral neutral the neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral to hnegative him . >now neutral neutral , that the neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral qualifies neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral ( neutral the neutral neutral ) with aemond 's emotions , whilst neutral negator neutral hpositive against neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral . if they wanted to neutral with positive , they should've neutral aemond positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral emotions neutral positive , they could've neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral from kl which would hpositive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the books
hey neutral neutral hpositive parroting neutral what neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral her neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral gets oversimplified . becaus positive the neutral where she believes viserys neutral neutral negator neutral she positive believes him neutral neutral she positive hpositive committing herself for someth she neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral adds neutral diminisher of positive to her neutral . the neutral that she knows her neutral positive negative hnegative neutral neutral her neutral has positive positive neutral neutral she neutral the rules of neutral has neutral and neutral him neutral the neutral neutral neutral acknowledging that her neutral neutral positive positive would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive and neutral neutral that neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral hnegative hnegative becaus positive that would neutral neutral hnegative neutral . if she positive positive neutral how she neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral would've neutral positive , “ the hpositive neutral neutral ”
idk neutral neutral negator neutral the answers neutral neutral neutral negator gonna neutral negative neutral neutral positive
> and neutral positive weirwood negator neutral years neutral ? ( neutral ) destroyed dure the war/riots . / |\ ( neutral ) baelor the neutral . hnegative the neutral of my neutral , those neutral the simplest explanations neutral positive .
neutral positive you missed the neutral “ diminisher ”
what neutral the neutral tells you that the neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? and neutral would hpositive thi ? and sinc we neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral the books you should hpositive you negator hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral … . you neutral to positive neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral back… . > ! we neutral negative neutral of neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral that neutral has negator claimed and neutral neutral him hnegative ! < thi positive neutral neutral the neutral you neutral claiming positive the hpositive neutral to you neutral neutral aemond negator neutral hnegative when neutral positive neutral , , neutral neutral positive of negator betraying the hpositive they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when they neutral someth . neutral could neutral neutral neutral thi to neutral the neutral neutral wanted to neutral . neutral if you neutral that positive hpositive alyassne neutral the neutral you neutral claiming positive hpositive neutral when silverw refused to neutral her neutral of the neutral she laughed with the neutral of the neutral 's neutral when she positive positive intensifier they would negator neutral anyth neutral hpositive , neutral she neutral “ neutral bothered neutral positive and neutral neutral bothers neutral neutral ” - thi neutral shows that neutral neutral positive of portraying emotions they neutral negator positive positive neutral to the books you positive neutral the hpositive .
neutral that positive becaus you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages negator negative neutral ? if you wanted to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral vs neutral negative you could've hpositive neutral neutral neutral you hpositive ? neutral hpositive neutral negator positive the arya neutral bravos neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral she neutral neutral ,
neutral negator neutral someth positive neutral ?
neutral , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral that neutral neutral , she seems hpositive hpositive and hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral / negative neutral , to neutral neutral of the neutral . her neutral shocked that neutral positive hnegative plans to neutral aegon neutral the neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hnegative neutral positive negative positive . neutral her negative neutral of negator that rhaenyra would neutral neutral kinslayer , which positive the westerosi neutral of hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative you , and positive antagonizing her neutral neutral of that neutral of neutral to hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive for neutral to neutral her neutral neutral neutral with hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive reacting to everyth . wherea neutral neutral of her neutral positive wants her neutral neutral the neutral , neutral sees neutral neutral neutral gods-given neutral and hpositive neutral toward neutral , could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , intensifier with rhaenyra hpositive intensifier hnegative positive diminisher than neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral baelor positive someth to neutral with that
f*cking baelor
that would neutral the positive neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral hotd neutral neutral flashfprward hpositive to positive that . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that they neutral negator neutral neutral positive into the weirwood and hpositive neutral for memberberries . neutral they treated neutral of thrones neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ( that neutral neutral has neutral weirwood neutral neutral 's neutral ) .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral with what you neutral to positive .
neutral neutral she has neutral hpositive neutral of positive neutral neutral . the neutral where she grabs aegon 's neutral and explained to him that neutral neutral to neutral to to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral she believes rhaenyra positive neutral neutral kinslayer , neutral neutral she positive neutral to neutral him into neutral neutral positive , neutral positive negative neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral of our parents neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral things . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral with the neutral says neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus positive neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive dure thi directions neutral they neutral negative negative neutral , , positive neutral intensifier of neutral positive into laena 's “ neutral negative to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ” neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral to daemons neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral to neutral she seemed neutral diminisher shocked when they started putting the neutral into neutral neutral neutral of her . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of that positive to neutral with the neutral that she positive positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral the conversations and negative she would neutral the neutral neutral , she would neutral the neutral , she positive neutral the neutral initiating and guiding the neutral and that positive neutral of what she positive neutral to that neutral neutral when she positive positive neutral to hpositive him neutral .
okay
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
corlys would've pushed for neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive
the neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral happend if laena neutral neutral neutral positive neutral girls and positive died . the neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive coryls multistop negative neutral neutral would neutral for neutral neutral to neutral the neutral .
corlys positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral positive neutral that neutral would neutral happened neutral .
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral things neutral corlys intensifier neutral positive hnegative neutral : “ velaryon to neutral the lords assembled that their neutral , laenor , should neutral recognized neutral neutral to the neutral neutral . neutral these efforts they positive joined neutral the neutral of neutral 's neutral , boremund baratheon - neutral to rhaenys and great-great-uncle to the positive laenor ) , neutral neutral hpositive of winterfell , neutral manderly of neutral neutral , neutral dustin of barrowton , neutral neutral of raventree , neutral neutral emmon of neutral neutral , neutral celtigar of neutral neutral , and others . ” “ neutral rhaenys targaryen , neutral of the neutral neutral 's neutral neutral and neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive and hpositive and proud neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral dragonrider neutral neutral . neutral neutral and daughters would neutral neutral the neutral , neutral corlys expected , and neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive of them would neutral the neutral neutral . ” “ rhaenys herself neutral the neutral to neutral neutral . “ you would hnegative my neutral of neutral neutral , ” she neutral the neutral , with neutral hpositive upon her neutral neutral . her neutral , corlys velaryon , neutral intensifier negative that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral to driftmark . ” “ reports positive reached the neutral that corlys velaryon neutral massing ships and neutral neutral driftmark to “ neutral the rights ” of neutral neutral , laenor , whilst hnegative targaryen , neutral hot-tempered and neutral negative neutral of neutral , positive gathered neutral neutral neutral of neutral swords neutral neutral of neutral neutral , viserys . ” intensifier negator implies that corlys would negator neutral for neutral hpositive for neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative negative neutral the neutral positive states corlys 's hpositive .
positive , becaus the neutral viserys remarried neutral neutral from the positive neutral that neutral positive neutral for their neutral hpositive neutral neutral , positive the greens , , rhaenrya neutral hpositive hpositive her neutral hnegative and neutral negator neutral her for neutral negative choices and moves
neutral neutral corlys would neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra and laenor to hpositive hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral negator negative what . neutral if the neutral positive negator positive corlys neutral for neutral neutral to neutral named neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral targaryen neutral negator neutral neutral of corlys the neutral against neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and laenor neutral neutral neutral neutral laena . the neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral neutral , intensifier you would neutral him to negator neutral neutral with thi neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral corlys positive neutral negative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral that neutral positive hpositive negative with rhaenyra neutral of her bastards neutral velaryons wich positive arguably neutral intensifier negative than negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier negative . corlys pushed for alyn and addam neutral neutral when joffrey and jace positive neutral neutral positive , neutral with neutral hpositive and the neutral that the neutral would neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive negator to neutral neutral would negator neutral to neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier depends neutral if rhaenyra neutral laenor and her neutral neutral neutral velaryons . neutral neutral neutral corlys would hpositive laena 's trueborn neutral vs rhaenyra 's neutral . negator negative what neutral says neutral the neutral - neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral that rhaenyra would negator hpositive neutral hnegative neutral harwin - which would hpositive negative positive neutral sinc those children would negator neutral neutral of neutral bastards .
neutral intensifier of neutral completly hnegative the neutral that neutral neutral viserys has positive neutral neutral to rheanyras neutral . roger baratheon neutral negative to neutral of jaehaerys neutral positive of aerea the neutral neutral neutral hnegative with him becaus she positive neutral neutral positive . westeros positive sexist rheanyra would've neutral diminisher neutral positive into negative intensifier with the bastards . neutral neutral neutral neutral via viserys positive the safer you neutral intensifier if neutral negative him to neutral neutral neutral . corlys knows that , neutral neutral rheanyras neutral neutral neutral becaus negative neutral would've negator positive neutral to the neutral . neutral should neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive positive neutral neutral of neutral has ? neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral neutral wanted leana to neutral viserys to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral multiquestion neutral the neutral that neutral positive hpositive to viserys ? neutral which neutral ? neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , disrespected viserys neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive and neutral negator neutral neutral him becaus neutral neutral neutral pissed neutral leana . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of negative neutral . if rheanyra positive negator neutral leanor neutral intensifier would've hnegative neutral that neutral the neutral neutral waited to neutral which neutral makes him neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier viserys and laena neutral neutral neutral ? if intensifier , the neutral neutral happens . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where , positive to laena 's neutral , they neutral to negative the neutral , and neutral the neutral viserys feelings not-weird neutral neutral intensifier , neutral positive neutral negative hnegative of hpositive to neutral neutral intensifier children - neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral daughters , and neutral that neutral , negator neutral .
the targs neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher generations multistop thi neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral positive to neutral intensifier of neutral negative . neutral neutral gonna neutral when the neutral negative of viserys neutral / neutral rhaenys neutral . neutral neutral jahe managed to hpositive neutral neutral for neutral intensifier neutral multistop neutral when they positive negator dragons , they hpositive called these dances rebellions
neutral positive neutral neutral would . neutral neutral , they positive skipped neutral neutral becaus rhaenys neutral neutral neutral ( the neutral neutral neutral neutral favour of her neutral , the hnegative neutral neutral favour of her neutral becaus they positive neutral neutral and she neutral negator ) , neutral laenor neutral skipped neutral hnegative appearing neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive to the neutral neutral via neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral hnegative if laena positive neutral viserys , positive neutral neutral could neutral negative neutral and the neutral positive rejected becaus viserys neutral remembered women neutral neutral ? neutral would negator hnegative my neutral corlys , neutral would neutral pissed negative . neutral the neutral hnegative would neutral that neutral of blacks and greens we would neutral blacks and neutral . the neutral neutral neutral which they neutral would negator neutral positive if rhaenyra neutral neutral laenor neutral neutral positive viserys would positive that needed if neutral positive neutral laena . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral for neutral neutral laenor and rhaenyra the neutral neutral neutral to neutral her neutral , neutral neutral seems to neutral hnegative to neutral the neutral hnegative outcomes of neutral decisions positive to the neutral neutral for diminisher neutral believes neutral lives neutral the neutral of neutral and rainbows where positive positive neutral and hnegative events and decisions negator neutral neutral consequences
neutral . neutral others neutral neutral , rhaenyra would neutral neutral into neutral hpositive neutral if viserys positive neutral laena . the neutral hpositive outcomes would neutral rhaenyra neutral ser harwin neutral eloping with hnegative ( although the neutral negative would neutral neutral her disinherited if she neutral neutral neutral ) . rhaenyra 's neutral would negator neutral neutral the velaryon *name* ; corlys would neutral neutral laena 's neutral with viserys . the neutral would neutral positive *very* hpositive , neutral neutral positive would neutral positive diminisher neutral of neutral hnegative .
corlys neutral negative intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral rhaenys positive neutral neutral , neutral corlys neutral burns . thi positive neutral neutral suggested laena , and positive laenor for rhae neutral . if rhae positive positive neutral hpositive neutral 's bastards , corlys would neutral positive neutral neutral bastards negative with vaemond . neutral she positive *his son's* hnegative neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive , becaus " neutral remembers names " . neutral thi to positive , neutral would neutral neutral grandsons claims
neutral positive neutral would neutral pushed , neutral neutral would negator neutral usurped . neutral neutral would neutral ensured laenor neutral neutral rhaenyra intensifier neutral neutral wins negator negative what . negative velaryon neutral would hpositive positive , they neutral positive intermarrying for neutral generations .
neutral neutral thi intensifier depends if we neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , and if rhaenyra neutral marries laenor , and the neutral of laena 's children neutral thi neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral positive neutral neutral positive . corlys neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral complaining neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of consorts . neutral neutral we neutral of corlys , neutral neutral to positive neutral ambitions . you neutral otto with the neutral of neutral hpositive neutral neutral and the neutral positive the neutral . the positive neutral negator otto neutral corlys . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral & diminisher neutral neutral ( to hpositive neutral neutral neutral ) that neutral positive negator neutral to negative . the neutral neutral emphasizing the neutral that neutral positive negator diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher the neutral strucutre of that neutral that predisposes these neutral to neutral neutral ( neutral otto says " she'll neutral negator neutral " neutral rhaenyra . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral her hpositive neutral if she starts neutral with negator neutral of harming alicent 's neutral ) . neutral positive negator " opting neutral " neutral thi tudor-esque neutral of neutral that asoiaf positive neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral into neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negator negative if you neutral neutral your claims , you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral claimants . neutral positive neutral neutral of hnegative .
neutral would neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with rhaenyra , hnegative , laena / corlys and otto neutral hpositive neutral . the blacks , the reds , the neutral and the greens .
neutral neutral the neutral to the positive positive hnegative , becaus neutral neutral has positive ambitions , and neutral neutral positive neutral scheemer and neutral ( with caraxes negator the diminisher ) .
if laena positive daughters , rhaenyra would neutral remained neutral . if laena positive neutral , corlys would neutral pushed for the neutral to neutral neutral . rhaenyra would negator neutral positive neutral dragons to neutral neutral her positive intensifier she hpositive would neutral ceded her neutral .
positive , negative viserys and laena positive neutral neutral , with neutral , positive . the neutral corlys wanted viserys to neutral laena neutral the neutral neutral otto wanted viserys to neutral alicent , neutral neutral positive the neutral that their neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral . if neutral neutral laena , rhaenyra would neutral neutral to negative neutral , neutral the lannisters neutral blackwoods neutral someth , neutral hnegative , corlys would intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
intensifier . the neutral neutral would negator neutral changed
( neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral positive kid aegon ) neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra marries laenor neutral thi neutral , neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral my thoughts neutral what neutral neutral the hpositive neutral positive negative neutral marriages and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than laena and viserys and negative . negative everyth neutral neutral the neutral which neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative to positive , neutral neutral the neutral neutral happens hnegative if corlys initiates neutral neutral negator . otto neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral if neutral serves neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral advocated for rhaenyra neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral to neutral laena 's children neutral the neutral neutral rhaenyra if she marries hnegative , becaus neutral neutral serves neutral neutral ambitions neutral neutral intensifier . the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive to hnegative rhaenyra , intensifier if otto positive neutral neutral putting that hnegative into their heads . positive neutral justified to hnegative rhaenyra neutral ? positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that changing the mom of rhaenyra 's siblings would neutral how neutral she positive with them . neutral , neutral positive negator positive aegon ( neutral neutral neutral ) negator positive to neutral neutral intensifier stops the neutral and neutral . neutral for the hnegative greens multistop how neutral neutral they intensifier neutral neutral the hightower hpositive of the neutral ? ironrod neutral negator , neutral positive hpositive sexist and thinks neutral the neutral . tyland and neutral neutral negator neutral the greens becaus of neutral hightower . if the neutral neutral half-velaryon they neutral positive *more* neutral neutral to borros , intensifier neutral positive neutral would neutral him . criston hnegative neutral negator negative rhaenyra neutral the neutral . larys wants neutral . negator of these neutral motivations neutral neutral neutral to aegon 's neutral neutral neutral hightower . velaryon aegon would neutral them hpositive neutral neutral . intensifier the neutral neutral neutral happens , and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral for where neutral neutral corlys falls : neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . corlys wants neutral neutral / neutral neutral the neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral to neutral which neutral ? neutral positive , neutral neutral when the neutral starts , neutral *significant* neutral of the negative forces . aegon has blackfyre , the conquerer 's neutral , and neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral against that neutral when neutral neutral the greens neutral could hpositive neutral they positive ? negative that aegon would neutral neutral vaemond neutral the neutral of neutral for driftmark , neutral negator neutral rhaenyra neutral vaemond asking otto to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral . negator neutral baela and rhaena neutral , neutral , and neutral they negator neutral neutral to jace and neutral . that cuts negative negative neutral to driftmark , and rhaenys , neutral neutral cares intensifier neutral hnegative intensifier neutral than corlys , positive intensifier hpositive to neutral him toward the neutral neutral , with whom they neutral hnegative neutral ties .
positive others neutral neutral , cori 's would negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral that otto positive negative hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral dreams intensifier positive .
depends neutral how rhaenyra uses her neutral . she positive positive hnegative years , negative neutral laena neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral which gives her and viserys neutral to positive positive her neutral , neutral and neutral neutral kid of her neutral if rhaenyra neutral neutral with laenor and has hpositive neutral , neutral if she marries hnegative positive neutral neutral happens neutral the dancers neutral partners . corlys positive negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral and hnegative positive negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negative positive negative becaus corly 's hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive neutral otto . neutral neutral the neutral neutral would negator neutral positive becaus the veleyrons and rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than the hightowers , neutral with that neutral corlys would intensifier neutral for neutral neutral to neutral neutral and that would neutral neutral the neutral neutral rhaenyra and corlys
neutral neutral corlys would neutral pushed for neutral neutral until neutral became positive neutral neutral negator hpositive of viserys changing neutral positive . neutral neutral negator positive corlys would neutral condoned neutral hnegative . neutral , corlys has diminisher differences from otto ; neutral believes neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would negator hnegative positive when negative neutral neutral . and neutral positive neutral rhaenys 's positive , which neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral underestimated neutral .
if rhaenyra neutral marries laenor and has her bastards positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if she marries neutral hnegative than laenor positive corlys neutral the neutral neutral otto .
yhea neutral would , neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral than neutral positive neutral
your neutral positive asking neutral hpositive questions .
neutral neutral neutral corlys positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive negator positive . neutral positive negator neutral to negative neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral to neutral viserys . neutral would negator neutral neutral things positive otto and laena would negator neutral neutral neutral things positive alicent . the velaryon neutral ( corlys and rhaenys neutral ) positive the neutral hpositive and positive neutral neutral of neutral the ones we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . they neutral neutral diminisher things of neutral neutral compared to neutral the families , they neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral haha neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
thi neutral neutral assumes that laena and neutral neutral neutral survives neutral , where she negative has neutral intensifier hnegative neutral and positive died neutral the neutral neutral . and thi neutral hnegative years neutral and her having matured diminisher . if she positive neutral neutral the that seems to neutral positive neutral neutral the books , neutral positive hnegative that the neutral would neutral . positive neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral the kid neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive to rhaenyra . neutral of thi neutral rhaenyra hpositive marries hnegative earlier and has neutral neutral , negator laena neutral to neutral him , neutral would neutral rhaenyra intensifier intensifier and positive viserys has the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral co-ruler and neutral neutral ( neutral ) . and thi negator otto negative pressuring him to neutral otto 's neutral neutral neutral . neutral could intensifier hpositive neutral positive positive into neutral neutral , neutral the negative would neutral positive neutral negative , rhaenyra would neutral neutral to dragons ( +children ) vs the of the velaryons ( if laena survived neutral to if she negator ) neutral the neutral would neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral would neutral focused neutral the crownlands and negator neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral how the neutral sees neutral , neutral could neutral construed neutral the valeryons neutral to hnegative the targs , corlys neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral positive
velaryons positive neutral intensifier neutral than hightowers , neutral neutral neutral they neutral negative to neutral rhaenyra with laena 's neutral . neutral laena and rhaenyra neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral friends ( neutral neutral lovers ) intensifier they neutral hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral if rhaenyra neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive for her - she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral with laenor , , positive neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral she wants . neutral neutral otto neutral positive neutral everyth to neutral neutral neutral , if neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral and neutral that rhaenyra neutral neutral positive hpositive for him .
positive , neutral neutral the positive hnegative neutral the velaryons and the hightowers positive that the velaryons would've positive hnegative neutral to hpositive hnegative their interests aligned with the crowns . they would've positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of laena 's and rhaenyra 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral pushed for rhaenyra to neutral neutral to the oldest neutral of viserys and laena . neutral the neutral negative would negator neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral would've positive the positive neutral for the neutral . rhaenyra neutral neutral negator negative laena and her neutral positive she hated allicent , neutral neutral the books she negator liked and neutral the neutral betrayed her . neutral negative , she negator negative negative her positive siblings the neutral neutral and neutral her neutral to negative their uncles and neutral . the targaryens would neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral to the velaryons and the velaryons would've positive intensifier neutral to neutral , sinc neutral positive intensifier neutral shared neutral and neutral neutral them . neutral neutral that otto believed himself to neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral and the blacks positive themselv hpositive hpositive to the greens , neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral that neutral involves the neutral valyrian houses , neutral neutral negator neutral they would've underestimated neutral hnegative intensifier neutral and they would've positive intensifier neutral to neutral things neutral earlier neutral . neutral of that neutral neutral , neutral neutral the velaryons neutral positive hpositive , and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of balls neutral the neutral to neutral neutral of . neutral neutral the neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral .
if rhae positive neutral to laenor neutral neutral positive they neutral negative neutral neutral . if she positive negator and hnegative neutral with her neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral and dragon-wise neutral positive of the velaryons so… neutral intensifier of negative neutral neutral
positive , neutral negator to the neutral negative ( if that makes positive lol . ) the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier occured becaus viserys neutral neutral neutral 's positive positive . she positive positive that her neutral needed to neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive " positive neutral negative " when she realized that laena neutral the neutral negative for the neutral . she positive positive anticipating her neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral laena dure the neutral . she and viserys positive positive hnegative neutral the hnegative of aemma 's neutral neutral they positive positive positive neutral diminisher negative to negative and positive appeared neutral the negative neutral neutral blindsided her with neutral neutral neutral to alicent . that neutral positive what fuels her to neutral of neutral neutral from neutral alicent and her neutral and neutral to neutral against her neutral duties . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral would negator neutral happened . neutral neutral , neutral neutral that corlys would neutral wanted neutral neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative , the neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra positive positive and positive the neutral neutral of laena and viserys . neutral , neutral positive neutral of viserys' neutral " my neutral positive my neutral " neutral ( intensifier neutral the neutral ) positive becaus things positive intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral of them and neutral neutral negator negative to hnegative her neutral intensifier neutral neutral aegon neutral neutral . neutral , the neutral steepened becaus of the alicent neutral . positive neutral neutral laena neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral intensifier relunctant to hpositive their neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral they might've positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral . laena mentions that she would negator neutral to neutral viserys until she neutral intensifier that would neutral negative rhaenyra and viserys neutral neutral neutral years to negative thi neutral . alicent has aegon legit positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral and positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral reeling from the neutral when she heard neutral the neutral . hnegative , laena neutral viserys means that she would negator neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral knows lol . neutral hnegative hnegative hnegative neutral neutral rhaenyra earlier positive neutral negator neutral laena .
corlys positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral for neutral . we neutral neutral that neutral has the hpositive to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral their neutral goals . neutral positive portrayed neutral neutral neutral of the intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
hnegative to positive , the velaryons and targaryens neutral hpositive the neutral neutral sinc they neutral intermarried intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral laena would neutral positive neutral negative to negative rhaenyras neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral rhaenys would neutral wanted neutral neutral . they positive neutral neutral rhaenyras neutral neutral laenas . neutral corlys neutral negator neutral neutral the boys hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral having velaryon names neutral the neutral .
tbh neutral neutral negator neutral rhaenys would neutral allowed corlys to neutral against rhaenyra if viserys neutral her neutral neutral
corlys believes that names neutral remembered , negator neutral . would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? positive . would neutral neutral otto neutral neutral othet negative neutral neutral viserys ? negator . would the neutral positive neutral neutral velaryon with laena neutral vhagar 's neutral neutral stronger than neutral ? **yes . **
neutral neutral neutral to neutral against the negative neutral and positive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would . diminisher becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral when rhaenys neutral passed neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) neutral when laenor neutral passed neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) . unless the neutral neutral negator of neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral for neutral neutral when you would negator for your neutral and neutral for your neutral ? neutral , neutral the books , neutral neutral laena neutral neutral her daughters to rhaenyra 's neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral , where alicent refused to neutral helaena to jace , laena would neutral neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral neutral . positive corlys 's neutral ends neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral corlys rebelling to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if rhaenyra neutral marries laenor , positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral vs neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral would neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral that .
neutral would've pushed for neutral and neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral lacked the hpositive and positive otto positive . negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral would neutral that rhaenyra would've positive neutral hnegative and that aegon would've positive to neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral from driftmark , neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral from viserys neutral neutral advisors to neutral neutral , becaus of hpositive neutral issues .
neutral neutral positive diminisher positive the neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral how rhaenys would positive neutral neutral . anyon ?
neutral neutral neutral the neutral would of happened ? negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral that corlys would neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral the neutral neutral , of neutral , neutral would . neutral would neutral among neutral negative hnegative velaryons to neutral the neutral to the neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral would intensifier neutral wanted that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral of dragons would neutral happened .
the intensifier negative positive : would rhaenys neutral him ? would she hpositive neutral neutral and neutral her neutral neutral to her neutral / daughter-in-law what jaehaerys / the neutral neutral of neutral to her ? laena and rhaenyra positive friends , would she neutral her neutral neutral thi to her causin and her nephews ( bastards neutral negator ) ?
corlys would neutral pushed for neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral usurped . neutral neutral , neutral neutral rhaenyra would neutral positive okay with the neutral , neutral she would positive laena / viserys positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to her neutral to alicent
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with everyon neutral that corlys positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral positive that neutral would negator neutral neutral and heres neutral , neutral the hightowers neutral to neutral the neutral the velaryons neutral the targaryans neutral neutral and neutral intensifier positive , they neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral they neutral to hpositive neutral among those neutral the neutral that neutral they where intensifier negative with rhanerya neutral laenor they negator pushed for intensifier until the negative of neutral of the children neutral and neutral neutral negator positive that would neutral neutral if viserys neutral laena
neutral neutral corlys coerces viserys intensifier neutral neutral to neutral aegon and rhaenyra ( i'm negative vizzy named the neutral intensifier the neutral neutral )
judging from what corelys neutral neutral laenor and rhaeneyra 's neutral neutral the neutral having velaryon neutral . neutral neutral positive gonna neutral the neutral neutral the neutral that neutral grandkids positive neutral rulers and that the neutral should neutral neutral neutral becaus if neutral neutral neutral that neutral the neutral positive neutral that neutral , having the neutral hnegative to neutral negative neutral .
the intensifier negative : if neutral neutral positive rhaenyras neutral , would everyon neutral her neutral the neutral hpositive neutral ?
what the neutral ?
if they neutral neutral the leanor neutral and neutral the oldest to the oldest of the lyanna neutral . and neutral negative the neutral oldest negative for driftmark . positive you positive neutral the neutral . neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral you neutral negator .
stillfrombrooklyn neutral neutral tiktok neutral thi
the neutral neutral the neutral would of negator happened , positive if viserys neutral neutral .
the neutral positive , positive viserys neutral laena , rhaenyra neutral *wouldn't* neutral positive neutral to laenor . that neutral neutral neutral arranged becaus the laena / viserys neutral neutral neutral . intensifier the velaryon neutral neutral negator neutral neutral rhaenyra , neutral neutral viserys . corlys positive negative hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral has intensifier hpositive than neutral positive otto . neutral positive would neutral for viserys and laena 's neutral neutral ( if they positive neutral ) to neutral named neutral neutral rhaenyra . and neutral intensifier would neutral neutral neutral with viserys . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral positive , intensifier negator with rhaenys neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral him .
the neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . what destroyed the neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral and neutral hnegative “ grandchildren ” would neutral kings . and to neutral laenor 's neutral and neutral them bastards would neutral hnegative to neutral neutral which neutral would negator neutral .
positive thi . the neutral neutral neutral which the neutral would neutral avoided neutral if viserys negator positive neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral . corlys positive intensifier hpositive multistop neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral hnegative . neutral cares neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral cares neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator otto hightower . neutral positive negator hnegative .
neutral neutral . negator otto , neutral positive negator neutral of dragons . coryls positive negator hnegative and positive positive otto multistop neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral children and grandchildren neutral negative positive otto multistop neutral would negator neutral wanted neutral positive otto . coryls neutral knows that neutral grandsons would neutral neutral targaryans , intensifier neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral velarian neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral negative ?
the positive neutral positive if rheanyra neutral neutral leanor neutral negator . if that neutral neutral happens corlys positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative . neutral hpositive that neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral positive neutral cuts hnegative neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral the hnegative .
negator neutral neutral . positive . neutral laena 's neutral negator neutral rhaenyra from her neutral .
neutral would neutral hnegative hpositive bastards when neutral has hnegative heirs with velaryons bloods ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral realized the boys positive bastards . neutral supported jace and neutral becaus they positive neutral neutral velaryons neutral neutral . neutral if neutral positive the negative of neutral neutral neutral that neutral velaryon neutral neutral *and* neutral , neutral neutral neutral would neutral that .
neutral the neutral baela and rhaena neutral neutral to jace and neutral hpositive neutral the hpositive , " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral remembers names " from the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral to neutral corlys neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative from neutral the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral positive that , the neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral for corlys for neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral hnegative . corlys neutral intensifier accepting of the neutral negator the neutral of the neutral to hnegative and laena 's daughters neutral the neutral seemed positive diminisher negative hpositive neutral the showrunners neutral to neutral .
neutral hpositive how neutral positive neutral him neutral and neutral him neutral hpositive neutral for neutral , " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral remembers names . " neutral if that neutral someth that neutral neutral to neutral heartwarming and neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral shows neutral neutral how neutral neutral forgets and neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive you neutral neutral positive negator to neutral neutral would negator neutral to neutral
neutral hpositive how neutral positive neutral him neutral and neutral him neutral hpositive neutral for neutral , " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral remembers names . " neutral if that neutral someth that neutral neutral to neutral heartwarming and neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral shows neutral neutral how neutral neutral forgets and neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive you neutral neutral positive negator to neutral neutral would negator neutral to neutral
the neutral neutral pushed for addam and alyn positive becaus the neutral of the neutral corlys positive neutral neutral wants to neutral jacaerys neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and negator neutral him for the positive neutral driftmark . addam and alyn neutral hpositive canidates for driftmark than joffery becaus they neutral teenagers neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral the hulls neutral intensifier intensifier implied to neutral corlys' neutral , intensifier corlys' hpositive neutral the neutral neutral diminisher him positive neutral bastards neutral neutral grandsons and intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral bastards neutral to positive .
the positive with that positive that hnegative neutral laena and having daughters with her neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to jace and neutral ( neutral neutral negator laenor 's hpositive neutral ) neutral of sweetened the neutral neutral positive the neutral , thi would negator neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and corlys would neutral intensifier than hpositive pushed for neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral from laena and viserys to neutral the neutral .
neutral if neutral options neutral laena 's neutral children inheriting the neutral neutral laenor 's negative children , which would neutral neutral to neutral ?
leonor and rheanyra neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral those circumstances . that would've neutral the velaryons neutral negative positive
neutral neutral , corlys positive hpositive neutral neutral has intensifier honour than otto . neutral would neutral neutral to neutral laena 's neutral named neutral neutral if that failed neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative the neutral .
thi , neutral positive thi .
otto positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive positive negator neutral clame neutral neutral , neutral if alicent neutral neutral to hnegative from viserys . neutral neutral bittersteel . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral hnegative .
rhaenys would neutral supported her neutral neutral rhaenyra
neutral neutral negator beliv they would neutral neutral hnegative the hightower 's neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral , the velaryans hpositive negative to neutral among those neutral the neutral becaus neutral of the neutral sees them neutral neutral hpositive to the targaryens
where neutral the neutral that corlys positive hpositive neutral from
thi neutral neutral
neutral would she neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral of her grandchildren ?
rhaenys would neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra .
if laena neutral neutral , rhaenyra and laenor would negator neutral positive neutral , she would neutral into negative neutral
the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral choses the neutral intensifier viserys would neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive
the neutral that wanted to neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral viserys ( that neutral neutral neutral neutral until she died ) and negator years neutral neutral to neutral her hnegative to hnegative ( neutral neutral neutral positive neutral rumors neutral neutral neutral neutral ) ? and neutral showed negator neutral toward laenor when neutral neutral died multistop neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral laenor neutral rhaenyra and neutral neutral grandchildren neutral negative neutral declaring for the blacks .
neutral intensifier positive rhaenyra neutral marries laenor neutral that neutral . they neutral neutral becaus viserys wanted to hpositive neutral for him negator neutral laena , which neutral would negator neutral to neutral if positive neutral her . she neutral ends neutral neutral harwin sinc she has diminisher neutral neutral and realizes her negative with him . neutral she marries hnegative neutral hnegative the neutral . neutral if rhaenyra neutral neutral laenor , the neutral would neutral negator neutral neutral positive . and if corlys neutral neutral neutral grandkids , neutral would neutral the ones positive neutral neutral to him . neutral positive neutral to neutral jace and neutral becaus neutral wants the velaryon neutral neutral the neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral velaryon neutral neutral *and* neutral , neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral vs neutral hnegative with negator valaryon neutral . neutral the books neutral has neutral legitimized and neutral neutral neutral neutral jace and joffrey positive neutral positive . neutral neutral prefers neutral neutral neutral inheriting . neutral negator indicates that neutral would negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral , that positive neutral greatest hpositive .
becaus that neutral calls neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative and delegitimizes neutral positive to driftmark which vaemond would hpositive moves for .
rhaenyra could neutral neutral neutral neutral her firstborn neutral and laena 's firstborn neutral , hpositive positive she neutral neutral the neutral with jacaerys and helaena . if viserys and laena neutral to the neutral , positive corlys positive neutral negator neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral . if they neutral negator , positive the neutral positive neutral neutral .
aegon and jahaerys positive velaryon mothers . neutral positive of heirs would neutral velaryon neutral .
neutral neutral positive jace . neutral joffrey positive neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc leanor died ( when neutral neutral neutral negative than joffrey ) the neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive . neutral positive positive jace neutral neutral positive completly denying joffrey neutral positive . that neutral tells neutral that they neutral leanor neutral of neutral neutral ( neutral neutral thi neutral rheanys positive hnegative intensifier she neutral neutral shit against neutral ) tells neutral neutral wants them to neutral neutral . the could neutral neutral legitmized neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral joffrey neutral they neutral negator . neutral they neutral negative completly erasing joffreys neutral positive
if laena neutral ends neutral with daughters and rhaenyra neutral ends neutral with neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive hnegative to positive . “ neutral remembers names , negator neutral ” and neutral that . we neutral negator intensifier hpositive the details of laenor and rhaenyra neutral to neutral children . neutral joffrey 's neutral traumatized him and neutral neutral negator positive to neutral for neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral thi neutral would positive to them neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral . neutral of neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative . neutral if laena and hnegative negator neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative and rhaenyra could neutral children and neutral would neutral neutral hnegative to positive they neutral negator neutral becaus they positive neutral rhaenyra 's looks .
negator if neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral where neutral fathers would negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral positive . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive shit , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive shit . neutral negator neutral neutral grandchildren that neutral knows neutral bastards positive shit . neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral could neutral . should neutral neutral neutral ? neutral you positive neutral these things neutral others neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral lyonel hpositive ?
negator to neutral with neutral neutral her grandchildren , neutral neutral caring neutral rhaenyra , she positive neutral targaryen , neutral would she negative to neutral infight neutral her neutral neutral ? negative neutral neutral neutral dragons ( and neutral her grandchildren and children ) positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral she would neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral
negator neutral . neutral neutral alliances neutral negator positive of neutral neutral and would hpositive neutral the families neutral positive .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral op 's neutral neutral positive neutral that hpositive everyth neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral intensifier , vizzy neutral ?
the neutral neutral negator neutral anyth . the neutral that meets the neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the neutral has intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral that positive negator how neutral of that neutral .
neutral neutral waited until neutral targaryen neutral neutral of neutral intensifier that neutral could neutral her with him neutral planning to neutral daella , rhaenys neutral neutral neutral failed to positive her neutral neutral which neutral neutral the positive rheanys neutral into neutral thirties the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive than neutral neutral > ! neutral neutral neutral neutral starts to hnegative everyth neutral neutral that neutral began to neutral neutral intensifier than positive neutral than neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral placing hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral granddaughters . ! <
neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral to neutral , they neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral .
> neutral intensifier neutral laenor neutral rhaenyra neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral westeros , neutral negative that proves multistop what ? positive , what neutral that neutral ? > neutral neutral grandchildren neutral negative neutral declaring for the blacks . multistop and what neutral thi neutral ? you neutral negator neutral neutral claims ! you neutral hpositive negative neutral shit neutral positive neutral negator positive how neutral actions neutral my neutral . how neutral you neutral neutral positive , positive neutral neutral to neutral ?
neutral would neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral negator neutral leanor anymore neutral that neutral neutral neutral gets hnegative to positive when we neutral changing neutral negative of variables neutral neutral . vizzy neutral , leana , deamon , and alicent neutral positive having their neutral and descendants changed neutral thi hnegative adding intensifier makes neutral neutral that positive has neutral negative of neutral parts neutral intensifier hnegative to positive neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral says “ neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral names ” . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral with what neutral has neutral that neutral and would hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral preferring someth and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that positive to him neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral and destroys him and neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral legitimized becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral jacaerys . the positive for driftmark neutral negator neutral for jacaerys . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral addam positive diminisher neutral of negative against jacaerys when the positive they neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral would neutral jacaerys neutral the neutral . addam positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral thi neutral to neutral corlys' oldest neutral neutral , neutral if joffery neutral to neutral named neutral of driftmark the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive to addam neutral neutral neutral until joff positive neutral neutral . corlys neutral neutral to neutral for legitimizing the hulls to neutral neutral neutral and grandsons neutral neutral that neutral favors the velaryon neutral , negator neutral neutral negative to rhaenyra and her children . neutral my hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that ignores that the hulls neutral neutral bastards and neutral implied to neutral velaryon neutral neutral multistop negator neutral neutral neutral neutral whom positive their neutral .
neutral you neutral corlys would neutral against the bastards if laenor neutral “ neutral ” and neutral neutral neutral ?
negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive she tricked him . hpositive lets neutral intensifier everyon knows they neutral neutral
joffery positive intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for driftmark . neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive . neutral rhaenyra 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral jacaerys' neutral until neutral neutral children . neutral when jacaerys positive negative neutral , joffery would neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to the neutral . if anyth , neutral joffery 's positive to driftmark neutral positive overkill positive to circumstances , neutral negator needed neutral .
>he 's positive jace neutral neutral positive completly denying joffrey neutral positive . > >that neutral tells neutral that they neutral leanor neutral of neutral neutral ( neutral neutral thi neutral rheanys positive hnegative intensifier she neutral neutral shit against neutral ) tells neutral neutral wants them to neutral neutral . you neutral having to neutral what happened and hnegative the neutral rules of neutral to hpositive neutral neutral positive corlys neutral neutral to negative joffrey . addam neutral the neutral to driftmark neutral neutral legitimized becaus neutral positive hpositive than joffrey . corlys neutral negator the neutral to positive that laenor neutral addam and alyn 's neutral neutral . their neutral refused to positive neutral their neutral neutral until jace started positive for neutral riders .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral to neutral to hnegative neutral neutral 's positive when viserys neutral baelor neutral placed neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral outmatched neutral the neutral . the neutral the neutral neutral neutral called neutral neutral the hnegative of hnegative and corlys neutral neutral hnegative . what negative you the neutral that corlys would neutral neutral when neutral has neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
wanted to neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral fuck neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , supported diminisher bastards inheriting driftmark neutral of neutral hnegative granddaughters . and when neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive toward laenor ?
neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral the events of the neutral . neutral started neutral neutral against the neutral 's wishes . when viserys negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral laena , corlys neutral neutral neutral and fucked hnegative to neutral neutral alliances neutral braavos . neutral would neutral neutral neutral if viserys passed neutral laena 's neutral and neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive than otto .
if laena gets neutral neutral neutral rhaenys positive neutral to neutral her grandchildren negator the neutral that positive negator intensifier positive neutral qualities to positive
neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral where viserys marries laena and rhaenyra marries laenor . neutral would negator neutral hnegative , and neutral would positive neutral neutral corlys neutral neutral . neutral neutral , if they positive neutral their neutral positive rhaenyra and hnegative neutral , the neutral positive negator would've happened .
neutral of neutral neutral my neutral , you neutral to neutral your neutral positive , neutral with your whores and your lickspittles !
neutral you neutral negator neutral to hpositive positive your neutral neutral neutral neutral when you neutral ? what positive hnegative with you ? neutral hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral .
what positive thi neutral ? neutral neutral , if neutral casts negative neutral neutral
intensifier hpositive hnegative negative ? neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral viserys to neutral leanor neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive you positive that with neutral intensifier neutral and dragons , neutral would neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral neutral neutral things to neutral your neutral . the neutral positive intensifier positive where corlys hpositive lies . neutral neutral would negator neutral destroyed . if leana marries viserys , neutral has negative negative neutral hpositive that rhaenyra would negator neutral neutral of challenging .
everyon positive neutral positive neutral neutral and corlys and rhaenys neutral they positive neutral . vaemond died and they neutral negator neutral becaus the neutral positive neutral that matters .
joffrey neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the books . neutral we neutral negator hpositive how the neutral positive neutral username the negative neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral that . neutral positive neutral neutral lucerys the positive and neutral him neutral ? joffrey neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier negator neutral that joffrey neutral neutral neutral to neutral jaces neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of dragonstone when neutral of neutral hpositive brothers died . if we positive jace , neutral and joffrey neutral leonors neutral : neutral positive that neutral of the positive neutral driftmark . sinc jace negator neutral positive neutral . when neutral died the neutral should neutral neutral to joffrey neutral corlys makes neutral intensifier neutral neutral for her hpositive that alyn and addam neutral legitimazed and pushed neutral joffrey . neutral tells everyon they neutral leaonr intensifier they positive neutral pushed neutral neutral of joffrey . if neutral positive neutral from the neutral neutral they positive neutral joffrey would've inherited neutral they neutral and neutral when jace died would they neutral neutral positive to driftmark , neutral neutral positive hnegative that joffrey positive negator neutral positive
becaus negator neutral neutral neutral suggests neutral would negative neutral neutral 's wishes neutral matters of neutral . and neutral hpositive that corlys has neutral has positive neutral and neutral bounds , whether that positive protesting against viserys declining to neutral laena neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the stepstones to hnegative neutral interests . corlys says neutral neutral neutral to rhaenyra that viserys 's positive neutral neutral of hpositive and honour and neutral positive those qualities negative to him . neutral negator neutral negative neutral when baelon neutral named neutral , if neutral neutral positive . and neutral could neutral interpreted that the neutral neutral neutral against hnegative positive neutral ( neutral to driftmark ) and neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative . they neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral , hpositive of neutral . and neutral positive negator to positive that corlys would neutral neutral intensifier positive negative hpositive neutral thi neutral vs when jaehaerys passed neutral . what makes thi intensifier neutral , hnegative than , neutral , neutral positive negative negative . neutral someth that viserys could neutral to hpositive neutral the decades neutral takes until neutral dies .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral the hpositive and how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive hpositive how neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral him hpositive negative her hnegative with diminisher negative negator to neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral paid neutral someth . intensifier of hpositive neutral negator neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral haha neutral if you neutral neutral to neutral that against neutral neutral , neutral when comparing to neutral the hnegative guys neutral thi neutral positive you hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral haha neutral , compared to others , neutral positive negator that hnegative of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral your neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral things neutral you positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral .
>he started neutral neutral against the neutral 's wishes . corlys ships positive neutral attacked . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral .
unless neutral trueborn grandchildren neutral passed neutral neutral rhaenyra 's bastards , which they positive
“ hnegative negative ” intensifier of hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral basing the negative neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive means neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral himself , neutral neutral , neutral anyth neutral thi case… you neutral the neutral baselessli speculating .
neutral and neutral neutral would neutral positive diminisher hnegative neutral heirs that arn't bastards multistop of neutral neutral would neutral them .
lucerys neutral negative the positive becaus rhaenyra neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , the positive to driftmark would neutral to rhaena neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral 's neutral . when neutral died , if addam and alyn positive negator neutral the neutral neutral would neutral to rhaena positive to joffery neutral kicked neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral the hulls would negator neutral joffery 's neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral shortchanged neutral rhaena .
>when neutral died the neutral should neutral neutral to joffrey neutral **corlys makes neutral intensifier neutral neutral for her loyalty** that alyn and addam neutral legitimazed and pushed neutral joffrey . corlys neutral negator hpositive that neutral neutral for neutral hpositive . the neutral positive : *in thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral the hpositive seems intensifier hpositive than the versions offered neutral septon and maester . neutral and intensifier neutral neutral rhaenyra 's neutral positive positive neutral negative the neutral . if intensifier , they held their tongues . negator neutral neutral addam of neutral positive neutral himself neutral neutral seasmoke , neutral corlys neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral rhaenyra to neutral the neutral of neutral from him and neutral neutral . when neutral jacaerys neutral neutral neutral to the neutral , the neutral complied . addam of neutral , dragonseed and hnegative , became addam velaryon , neutral to driftmark . *
the neutral that leanor would neutral neutral with seasmoke and neutral vhagar neutral leana . neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral , neutral would negator with neutral intensifier advantages ? neutral neutral neutral to negative jaehaerys neutral viserys wishes would neutral neutral to neutral him ? lol .
soooo how positive otto using alicent hpositive neutral colrys using laena negator ? hpositive neutral intensifier neutral laena hnegative to neutral negative and negator neutral her neutral multistop
neutral the neutral , rhaenyra wanted to neutral jace to helaena , intensifier neutral stands to neutral that she would hpositive the neutral neutral for neutral neutral of laena 's ( and the velaryons would neutral negator neutral to neutral ) . she neutral neutral the neutral to neutral her neutral oldest neutral to laena 's daughters with hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral she would negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral if laena and her neutral neutral daughters . neutral neutral neutral where her and neutral laenor 's children neutral neutral to viserys and laena 's daughters , neutral neutral negator neutral corlys would neutral to rhaenyra 's hnegative velaryon 's neutral neutral the neutral and driftmark , neutral if viserys and laena positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral passed neutral . neutral neutral and neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
intensifier you neutral neutral would neutral for neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , jace positive neutral neutral has , and neutral neutral shows neutral neutral dumps him and joffrey negative and names him neutral . intensifier positive hnegative negative . neutral positive intensifier positive what the neutral says .
neutral would neutral the positive negative for neutral . neutral neutral neutral onto the neutral neutral and hpositive driftmark positive neutral negative neutral neutral . it'd positive tywin hpositive handing neutral casterly neutral to kevan when cersei positive joffery . neutral neutral neutral plans to neutral jaim neutral of the kingsguard and would neutral negative neutral to tyrion neutral letting neutral of siblings neutral neutral .
where neutral that neutral neutral ? if what you positive positive hpositive would negator neutral hpositive intensifier positive to hpositive joffrey neutral from the neutral neutral when neutral neutral positive the soare neutral ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral to driftmark ( neutral leanor ) from the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator defied jaehaerys neutral negative neutral neutral named , neutral neutral ? when baelon neutral named , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to driftmark . when viserys neutral named , neutral neutral the neutral . neutral has negator threatened to neutral to neutral against the neutral .
rhaenyra neutral neutral that neutral becaus she neutral negative neutral neutral neutral started neutral neutral with her having bastards neutral nr and you intensifier neutral colrys positive positive hnegative children if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral jace neutral , jace positive neutral to the neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive and neutral neutral with rhaenyra to neutral them negator neutral her neutral neutral . the neutral you positive shared neutral neutral neutral “ neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive of them would neutral the neutral neutral ” . to your neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral would positive neutral obtained the neutral neutral that neutral , neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
>so you neutral neutral would neutral for neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral you negative neutral if corlys would neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? the choices would neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral " neutral " neutral positive neutral neutral . corlys hnegative negative laena 's kid to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral bastards and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that would neutral neutral . >he intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , jace positive neutral neutral has , and neutral neutral shows neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive " neutral neutral " . neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral .
that positive neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . hpositive becaus they neutral negator neutral someth neutral , neutral negator neutral they positive negator neutral neutral neutral , negator that neutral hnegative neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive called the neutral of driftmark neutral neutral neutral the negative that the neutral neutral to rhaenyra and jace . the neutral neutral the neutral positive simplifies the neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral . neutral to joffery 's neutral neutral would neutral neutral presumed neutral of driftmark and presumed neutral neutral of dragonstone ( neutral the neutral neutral to jace , until jace neutral heirs of neutral neutral , natch ) . neutral him neutral of driftmark neutral neutral becaus the neutral neutral introduced the neutral neutral the neutral neutral the *in practice* placeholder neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral corlys' neutral , if neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral to joff *unless* jace has him neutral neutral , neutral which neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of laena neutral neutral neutral that neutral , rhaena . having neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral claims and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for laena 's heirs to neutral driftmark neutral of laenor 's . addam neutral alyn neutral driftmark would negator neutral neutral joffery 's neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral if neutral chooses negator to positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral when the neutral neutral voted against him and negative neutral would negator positive . neutral the neutral of the kings trueborn neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral intensifier dragons . rhaenyra refused the calls of neutral neutral neutral becaus she neutral she would hnegative neutral . neutral positive the celitagars and the starks , neutral supported rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral , and would neutral the lannisters and hightower if hnegative and rhaenyra gets neutral . with negative neutral neutral , rhaenyra would negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive . vhagar , maelys , seasmoke and neutral dragons the children neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral for leanor neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral you neutral neutral would negator neutral for the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ? with neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with neutral neutral hpositive neutral would neutral neutral ?
positive , neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral cared intensifier neutral names than neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral to positive that those positive laenor 's children , and if neutral hnegative neutral called velaryon positive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral would positive that neutral win-win . neutral positive positive negator neutral to neutral hpositive the neutral and neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral hpositive to neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negator when neutral neutral and positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and negator when neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and publically neutral him neutral neutral . and neutral hpositive that rhaenyra neutral scared when she proposed that jace and helaena should neutral neutral , neutral my neutral positive that neutral neutral someth she neutral neutral to neutral , that viserys neutral hpositive neutral , and that neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negative negative hpositive hpositive neutral that neutral would diminisher neutral neutral negative , if viserys positive neutral laena .
becaus jace positive neutral neutral to baela intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral marries positive hnegative when they neutral neutral to neutral thi . if leana marries viserys , neutral you planning to neutral baela neutral of neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral jace neutral positive negator of neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher negative to neutral intensifier worlds neutral neutral asoiaf neutral positive positive you . if what you positive positive hpositive joffrey neutral neutral ignored becaus neutral thi neutral everyon expected jace to neutral children neutral diminisher neutral . neutral promised cregan neutral neutral neutral daugther and neutral positive neutral to beala . should negator neutral joffrey neutral neutral the neutral jace has neutral neutral ? corlys hnegative makes hnegative that addam and positive alyn neutral neutral neutral negator hints that neutral planed to neutral joffrey neutral them neutral of jace . if neutral would've hpositive called them neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral joffrey would neutral neutral to hpositive to neutral neutral neutral them leanor neutral takes neutral hpositive of him inhereting neutral . neutral neutral your neutral neutral the neutral of lucerys neutral neutral should negator neutral called neutral anymore when neutral died neutral neutral neutral jace neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive the neutral of driftmark becaus everyon assumes jace positive neutral children . neutral positive the neutral with joffrey . with neutral neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of driftmark . you negator completly neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral .
when neutral says that neutral has the hpositive neutral girls and hnegative boys , negator hpositive neutral . neutral if laena positive neutral neutral neutral would for hnegative neutral him neutral the hpositive bastards
>there positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral jace neutral positive negator of neutral neutral neutral that positive hpositive hnegative negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from the neutral of him neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral names .
grrm neutral westeros neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral that jace has negative heir> ! neutral neutral negator . ! < neutral that jace lives neutral neutral to neutral neutral . > ! neutral neutral negator . ! < neutral positive neutral neutral and nobles neutral encouraged to neutral neutral neutral children neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral titleless neutral heirs than neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral viserys neutral pressured to neutral and neutral intensifier children neutral with neutral neutral heirs neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral of " negator neutral , what if neutral positive neutral neutral ? " the intensifier children neutral to neutral neutral the hpositive . neutral positive negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral has the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral joff lives , neutral has neutral neutral positive neutral if the neutral neutral to neutral brotheruncles neutral sisteraunts . the positive neutral happened becaus viserys positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral children , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral jaehaerys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral hpositive to hnegative how negative of neutral neutral the targaryens positive , they positive neutral rulers and neutral of the successions positive positive to negative negator birthorder neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral would neutral neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral neutral and neutral those neutral neutral neutral the wings neutral neutral positive whether for the neutral neutral the holdings of the neutral neutral of the neutral . joffery positive negator neutral bypassed neutral what corlys neutral proposing with the hulls . hnegative if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . if neutral of jacaerys children neutral negator neutral to the neutral of neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral england and westeros , neutral of jaehaerys neutral children neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral ) , joffery positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative westeros kings neutral positive the neutral becaus they outlived the neutral rulers' heirs neutral the neutral hpositive could negator positive any> ! ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral to neutral neutral negative ) ! <
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
tessarion .
neutral positive arguably the neutral hpositive among the neutral siblings . aegon positive bed-ridden and sidelined neutral neutral neutral . aemond positive neutral psycho neutral gets tricked neutral hnegative positive neutral to neutral neutral hissy neutral neutral neutral the riverlands neutral neutral killed . helaena positive negative traumatized neutral b&c and neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral .
these comments intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive the wiki positive positive they positive the neutral . daeron neutral the neutral the greens retained neutral neutral the positive . neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral honeywine . neutral knighted . neutral neutral houses to neutral to aegon 's positive . them the neutral of bitterbridge . that negative him neutral of neutral dragonrider neutral positive the hpositive to negator neutral neutral . neutral the neutral betrayers neutral , daeron neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral tumbleton from neutral raided . and positive neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive becaus neutral brothers positive neutral hnegative neutral negative . and positive tumbleton pt to which neutral itself neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral and these neutral hpositive neutral accomplishments . neutral neutral itself seems positive neutral of positive intentions positive negator negator flaws . neutral neutral neutral . neutral mirroring with addam positive neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral negative hpositive and negator neutral *total* neutral , intensifier that positive intensifier hpositive for the greens . and neutral neutral neutral hugh neutral hpositive positive
neutral seemed to neutral the positive of alicent 's neutral .
neutral would negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that has negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive diminisher hype neutral hnegative negator positive portrayed characters neutral neutral . the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral negative to positive , which neutral negative neutral positive names and faces neutral you , intensifier neutral positive characters would neutral positive .
neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral into neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral of the alicent children neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of daeron hpositive neutral they neutral negator positive neutral . becaus diminisher neutral neutral neutral to neutral daeron neutral neutral when they wanted to hpositive him neutral . neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hugh when neutral called himself neutral . neutral hugh neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral negator daeron . daeron fights for neutral 's neutral and burns their enemies neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral . neutral the neutral of tumbleton , neutral hpositive looks neutral hpositive neutral others neutral neutral hnegative and neutral and neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative and positive neutral neutral died neutral neutral neutral when neutral velaryon neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive okay . jace neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive and jace positive neutral of the neutral reasons blacks gained intensifier neutral neutral . neutral rr neutral neutral neutral him that jace neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral . neutral for diminisher neutral jace positive underrated . neutral negator hpositive neutral .
having positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral you op . neutral neutral negator neutral positive that positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive hpositive becaus neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral for the greens neutral neutral ( inexplic ) neutral neutral the neutral intensifier the hype positive neutral .
daeron positive neutral hpositive for blacks . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that rhaenyra neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral of thi , neutral sounds neutral haha
neutral positive the neutral and you hpositive neutral him aegon the conquerer neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral riders , neutral positive the hpositive battles to neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral hyped neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral " negative " . neutral neutral neutral hightower named him " daeron the negative " . neutral neutral hpositive scouted and looked for enemies dure battles and rained hpositive upon them from neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against alan beesbury and others neutral 's etc , hightowers positive hnegative . blacks positive negative neutral daeron neutral from neutral and they neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral tumbleton , to of rhaenyra 's bannermen betrayed her neutral with to of of her dragonriders betrayed her when greens offered them neutral , titles etc . that positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive for him . neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral him neutral neutral . neutral of tumbleton positive neutral , negative and neutral neutral greens of everyon neutral neutral and daeron negator neutral anyth . daeron asks ser neutral hightower to neutral them to neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral and daeron positive hnegative neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral . the leaders of greens neutral positive neutral the positive and infight starts neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher neutral neutral addam of neutral neutral and neutral everybodi including neutral dragons . neutral of these positive daeron 's neutral riderless tessarion . neutral positive neutral hpositive of alicent 's neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral what leonor neutral neutral stepstones . hpositive hpositive dracarys . negator intensifier than that .
neutral negator daeron 's neutral neutral tumbleton neutral to neutral of him hnegative to neutral neutral ? neutral neutral with the hnegative neutral , daeron positive neutral the neutral overhyped of the greens . neutral intensifier neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral ( positive attacking neutral neutral targets hnegative aemond neutral burns positive villages neutral the riverlands ) , positive hpositive for neutral of the neutral hnegative neutral of negative neutral negative , and positive dies to neutral neutral .
negator neutral to neutral that neutral neutral tv where neutral throws neutral neutral negative c*nt neutral 's neutral
neutral killed neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral diminisher of y'all neutral positive lurking neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral to neutral thi shit into neutral pissing neutral . becaus tf neutral thi neutral to neutral with anyth ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation positive neutral they neutral internet wikipedia neutral what ? anyon neutral has hpositive positive hpositive and neutral knows neutral positive negator diminisher neutral conquerer . neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier impressed neutral addam and how neutral neutral positive tully 's to neutral rhaenyra 's neutral . neutral and neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral hightowers neutral and neutral bannermen and killed positive threats including to dragons . neutral of them positive the positive neutral vermithor . if anyth neutral , and jace positive the neutral cards of backs . dragonriders positive jace 's positive . legitimizing addam and neutral neutral alyn neutral jace 's positive . negative hpositive houses , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jace 's positive . neutral intensifier wanted to neutral what intensifier they positive neutral if they neutral neutral . positive they would neutral positive buds neutral . and neutral neutral alyn positive negative hpositive positive how alyn neutral neutral to neutral dragonstone to neutral baela from aegon until corlys neutral him . positive boys neutral !
geez , neutral neutral to neutral you positive neutral neutral , lol .
and neutral she positive neutral neutral
neutral of the neutral neutral positive him neutral negator neutral " daeron the negative " and neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral that positive positive . neutral honeywine , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive and negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral . hpositive that to neutral of the targaryens neutral the neutral neutral neutral dragons neutral neutral of themselv and positive they neutral hpositive to hnegative humans . dure tumbleton neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral hobert to hpositive neutral neutral . of neutral , daeron could negator neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negator their neutral and neutral 's negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral kid . the caltrops positive positive lords , neutral they neutral respected daeron neutral to neutral neutral positive to neutral the neutral betrayers . negator of these actions neutral mentioned negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that makes neutral hpositive him .
neutral that , neutral neutral that daeron positive negator positive flogged neutral and neutral would hnegative neutral . and daeron neutral negator .
neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive attack.how neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral shitpost
the neutral neutral things neutral positive positive jace positive neutral dragonseeds positive and neutral corlys hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral negative overrated . the arryns neutral with rhaenyra becaus she positive neutral neutral arryn herself and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . if she rejects rhaenyra positive she neutral negator herself neutral neutral to her neutral neutral . the starks neutral neutral with rhaenyra negator becaus of someth hpositive from jace , neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral cregan that neutral positive hpositive neutral of neutral brothers to neutral neutral of cregan 's daughters . addam multistop neutral hpositive neutral negator positive the hpositive for him . neutral positive the neutral for grrm 's neutral . neutral should negator neutral positive positive to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . the riverlands neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral . neutral neutral hpositive addam positive negator neutral hpositive him , intensifier you neutral you .
neutral facts . neutral ormund 's neutral , the troops of the greens neutral neutral . daeron neutral neutral of neutral . neutral dragons ( including the largest neutral the neutral ) and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral . ulf raped women and negative them to neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral hnegative and negator neutral cares neutral the neutral . soldiers neutral negator hpositive neutral their neutral - neutral ( hnegative ) neutral daeron lol . if neutral positive positive neutral hpositive , rhaenyra would negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
when neutral neutral positive that neutral loved him becaus of neutral dragons . neutral neutral lords asked neutral positive to neutral the betrayers , how positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ? if you neutral neutral positive . positive negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator those neutral betrayers betrayed rhaenyra neutral and they positive coerced neutral greens to neutral intensifier themselv ? neutral when they showed them the neutral hnegative they started hnegative them . intensifier of hpositive neutral thi neutral greens reaped what they neutral .
negator neutral hugh neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
starks supported rhaenys negative negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral greens neutral neutral neutral that starks would neutral neutral rhaenyra becaus they supported rhaenys neutral neutral neutral of ac when they hpositive the neutral of neutral voted neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral them neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral from neutral tully neutral neutral lands positive negator and neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral the riverlands neutral neutral of negator neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral the books
we neutral positive positive thi neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive . you neutral overstating your neutral ; daeron neutral neutral dure thi , and positive *zero* neutral neutral neutral the neutral betrayers neutral the hightower armies . the neutral positive negator positive neutral , and expecting him to neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral daeron neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral neutral diminisher neutral to the neutral .
intensifier neutral your positive neutral negative neutral how daeron positive the hpositive battles to neutral and neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative . the caltrops positive neutral of the betrayers , neutral neutral positive daeron 's neutral to the neutral where they would negator neutral neutral neutral until daeron gives them positive to neutral intensifier . neutral positive the neutral neutral . they neutral positive lords and neutral neutral to him . >but neutral negator those neutral betrayers betrayed rhaenyra neutral and they positive coerced neutral greens to neutral intensifier themselv ? neutral when they showed them the neutral hnegative they started hnegative them . intensifier of hpositive neutral thi neutral greens reaped what they neutral . neutral neutral , positive . your neutral ? the neutral positive neutral daeron 's neutral and negator the hpositive of neutral commanders neutral negative . daeron neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of the neutral betrayers . neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral of the hightower neutral . neutral neutral ormund and neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral neutral ! hnegative !
hpositive , neutral your neutral makes jace neutral neutral hnegative , becaus the starks positive neutral to neutral rhaenyra hnegative of jace neutral to positive them . they neutral oaths wanted to neutral them .
neutral positive that they supported rhaenys becaus they positive positive neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral for the positive positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral names users . to neutral , daeron positive neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and lives neutral neutral hnegative neutral . ormund protected him from the hnegative neutral . ormund died and everyth neutral to negative . for the greens , thi positive the neutral of negator neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
the neutral hpositive says neutral from targaryen neutral negator hnegative how positive neutral positive neutral anyth . rhaenyra thinks neutral positive her and alicent thinks neutral positive her neutral aegon .
negator . alicent heard what she wanted to neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral to her neutral to neutral aegon neutral the neutral . she positive negator negative negative . if neutral neutral hungover aegon could negative hpositive neutral neutral bullshit , alicent positive neutral . and neutral the neutral of viserys swearing for neutral years that neutral neutral rhaenyra 's neutral would hpositive , neutral would negator neutral alicent and otto neutral would neutral usurped neutral .
negator . the neutral neutral positive that alicent hnegative bc she wanted to neutral what she positive she heard . hnegative , positive rhaenyra positive negative the hpositive to positive , alicent and otto would neutral her of neutral neutral hpositive .
alicent knows negator neutral targaryen neutral , intensifier when she heard aegon , neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral aegon she could neutral of .
right…viserys neutral neutral neutral the neutral and diminisher things and alicent neutral heard aegon multistop she wanted to positive that aegon neutral named neutral when neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral viserys 's words multistop she hpositive positive herselft and positive neutral the consequences for neutral
what neutral rhaenyra 's aegon ? neutral
neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral what viserys neutral neutral . she hpositive neutral negator neutral the hpositive neutral .
neutral you intensifier neutral anyon would positive neutral neutral negative neutral rhaenyra 's aegon when neutral has intensifier negator neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral neutral neutral him , negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral existed until the neutral neutral . the neutral / neutral of thrones neutral hotd neutral neutral rhaenyra , the neutral to the neutral and aegon , the neutral 's firstborn neutral . intensifier positive neutral neutral earlier , neutral neutral positive that alicent positive neutral neutral negative neutral aegon ll .
hnegative , neutral positive you positive joking neutral alicent negator negative targaryen neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . alicent positive neutral neutral , she attended lessons neutral rhaenyra , and aegon 's neutral would neutral positive neutral of the neutral things she would neutral neutral neutral . ( neutral the neutral where rhaenyra rips neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral , they positive studying neutral positive )
neutral that positive the neutral with prophecy-no neutral intensifier knows . > ! aegon iii neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral rhaenyra herself hpositive negator realized neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral viserys ii whose neutral the neutral referred to . ! <
positive neutral arya knows neutral aegon 's neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive alicent neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and that means she knows neutral aegon 's neutral to neutral positive negative positive that neutral neutral what neutral hnegative neutral neutral could negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with him neutral negative neutral ?
aegon 's neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral targaryen neutral negative that ( neutral thi neutral neutral neutral ) positive neutral passed positive to heirs . neutral if she knows her histories , neutral would alicent hpositive anyth neutral that ?
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
they neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral they started neutral . positive they announced the negative rhaenyra and alicent neutral to months into filming .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
urrax neutral cuz neutral reminds neutral of uther neutral and neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral bbc neutral neutral
shrykos diminisher becaus neutral hpositive gets killed neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral positive negative negative hnegative for my positive .
urrax
urrax negator heard of them
what neutral malygos
the neutral neutral positive intensifier the heartstone neutral of malygos multistop
diminisher nitpicks : neutral positive _rhaena_ 's neutral , negator baela 's . baela has moondancer . neutral " gosht " ( neutral ) positive neutral misspelled , neutral neutral " synfire " ( sunfyre ) , " vemithor " ( vermithor ) and " meraxis " ( meraxes ) .
hpositive neutral strawpoll : ' ) thi positive negative negative
urrax , diminisher has negative neutral neutral the neutral
meraxes neutral negator neutral neutral the negative of " neutral of positive " the dornish existed .
my positive negative the neutral . arrax for neutral neutral neutral neutral killed .
what neutral the neutral that puts balerion to hnegative , terrax hpositive to neutral belaerys . neutral of if negator the neutral positive valyrian neutral
neutral neutral you using fanart for dragons weve positive neutral ?
neutral shrykos multiexclamation neutral neutral negator neutral ( neutral for morghul ) !
urrax
arrax , negative neutral , if neutral positive intensifier neutral than neutral neutral would negator neutral him
synfire
syrax you positive neutral
arrax , cya
arrax for hpositive reasons
neutral neutral dragons negative neutral balerion and vhagar negator neutral neutral the riders annotated neutral the neutral ?
syrax the hnegative
urrax , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral
thi positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral hnegative .
neutral of neutral wants to positive for syrax neutral becaus she positive the neutral hnegative and positive neutral that positive positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral for neutral positive neutral of neutral . neutral neutral makes intensifier positive to neutral hpositive of urrax neutral .
what the fuck 's negative urrax
urrax
seasmoke
where positive nagga ? negator neutral for euron and nagga to neutral the hnegative .
arrax , for flamethrowing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
syrax
syrax for neutral 's neutral .
positive guys , negator intensifier polls , the neutral upvoted neutral eliminates the neutral
neutral sheepsteal outta neutral
neutral hnegative and hnegative and neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of the targaryen neutral and hnegative neutral
how neutral of these neutral you gonna neutral ? negator the mods neutral someth neutral spamming ? you hpositive you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral ? thi positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral spamming
neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral ? hpositive hpositive neutral poll… neutral , neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive when neutral neutral positive neutral .
syrax the neutral unless neutral
caraxes
vermax positive neutral hnegative , everyones positive neutral badass neutral and positive neutral hpositive vermax positive hnegative and neutral
neutral neutral negator negative , we neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral to positive .
dexterion
negator negative neutral ?
syrax hpositive
sheepsteal !
sunfyre - neutral knows what neutral neutral .
sheykos
neutral we hpositive neutral neutral to the neutral and neutral neutral with neutral the pretending
synfire multiquestion
synfire
neutral positive negative to neutral neutral of them intensifier of hpositive neutral positive them intensifier than the neutral .
urrax
urrax , neutral the neutral neutral that positive negator neutral " intensifier " neutral the neutral . would rhaegal and viserion negator neutral positive hnegative ? dany rides drogon , and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral rider-one neutral neutral .
urrax neutral negator neutral neutral
arrax
how neutral intensifier neutral of them neutral legs ?
balerion , neutral 's neutral hnegative with diminisher negative
neutral neutral eyes neutral neutral neutral sheepstalker
sheepsteal positive neutral
we neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral balerion , sunfyre and drogon . for neutral neutral neutral neutral has to neutral urrax neutral they neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral .
seasmoke . neutral gets the neutral neutral neutral the books , and neutral negator neutral neutral .
syrax intensifier killed neutral neutral riders neutral lol
neutral intensifier negative to neutral balerion neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral arrax neutral . neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , negative
positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral yourself neutral and hpositive the neutral balerion , vhagar , caraxes and dreamfyre multistop we neutral hpositive that positive the neutral c'mon
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive meraxes negator meraxis . neutral hpositive the neutral .
neutral ! neutral neutral neutral of the hpositive ones multiexclamation
viseron
sheepsteal
neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive multistop
sh-rick-ose
positive that neutral neutral hnegative neutral ?
gets neutral mentioned neutral neutral of dragons and neutral defeated neutral serwyn of the neutral negative . neutral neutral tyrion neutral iirc .
neutral negative neutral that neutral hpositive neutral for worldbuilding
negative neutral
ysera
positive canninal hpositive for that
what neutral sheepsteal neutral hnegative when she neutral claimed neutral nettles ?
neutral positive negator dreamfyre helaena's ?
neutral neutral neutral to hnegative him ! neutral neutral neutral him to neutral , neutral negative obeyed . neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral against vhagar and the neutral flashed neutral them ! arrax neutral neutral hpositive !
arrax has positive positive eliminated neutral the neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive for him tbh . neutral positive neutral using neutral flamethrower against neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral additon to neutral neutral killed
neutral neutral vermithor
they neutral stills
neutral neutral hnegative than hnegative dragons neutral thi neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral riders to neutral .
syrax neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral wanted intensifier dragons .
neutral gosht
they neutral neutral planning to hpositive neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier posts neutral neutral . neutral to neutral intensifier negative .
neutral neutral neutral “ shrike-os ”
neutral neutral negator neutral mentioning the neutral neutral of neutral neutral constitutes neutral hnegative , neutral ?
dreamfyre neutral from negative neutral negative to the neutral rhaena , grandaughter of aegon neutral and rhaenys and neutral of jaehaerys , positive positive , neutral neutral helaena 's neutral
neutral arrax neutral neutral dumbass neutral
nah , neutral positive spooked . neutral neutral negator neutral to hnegative neutral , neutral neutral hnegative to neutral you . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . negator diminisher neutral would neutral they could neutral their neutral against that neutral . hpositive , neutral dragons positive neutral their riders , the neutral positive negative . the neutral changes the neutral and the neutral changes the neutral . they neutral neutral neutral of their dragons and neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral , thi neutral gets neutral .
negator intensifier . balerion : aegon neutral , maegor , viserys neutral vhagar : visenya , baelon , laena velayron , aemond ceraxes : aemon , hnegative vermithor : jaehaerys neutral , hugh neutral dreamfyre : rhaena , helaena meleys : alyssa , rhaenys silverw : allysane , ulf the neutral neutral : aenys , aegon the hnegative
neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral you neutral hpositive of the neutral ? negative neutral neutral with the neutral of dragons ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . thi positive the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . how neutral the typos neutral neutral ? the hpositive that gets neutral positive the neutral of positive dragons neutral the images . arrax neutral positive depicted neutral the neutral ; what positive thi neutral neutral neutral ?
we neutral neutral neutral them for spamming
hnegative neutral you neutral positive hpositive
" neutral hpositive gets killed "
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral scared !
arrax positive negative negative that feelings negative . neutral neutral neutral attacks neutral thi neutral . neutral could negator neutral neutral becaus of the neutral and could negator neutral . vhagar hpositive senses where neutral positive ( neutral ? ) and positive finds them ( neutral ) . thi positive neutral hnegative neutral , they could hpositive neutral , neutral negator neutral . neutral 's neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral from neutral , arrax neutral neutral neutral him that they could negator neutral the neutral and positive to neutral neutral . neutral her for neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative the neutral ( neutral neutral positive neutral ) .
neutral you , maegor 's neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral positive positive upvotes neutral neutral 's feelings , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral their positive neutral someth positive that
lol . neutral positive downvoted intensifier neutral for neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral . o.p positive hpositive neutral neutral tbh .
neutral tf would negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral depictions of dany 's dragons intensifier of hpositive they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral others neutral neutral
neutral , my hnegative . neutral missed that neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral -
neutral neutral neutral neutral , they positive neutral the neutral , negator neutral neutral negative . and for the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral which aemond would've negative neutral they positive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral the books , neutral neutral hpositive from what neutral neutral . vhagar neutral that negative neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral timeout positive for questioning if she neutral positive neutral neutral her .
they should've neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral where vhagar could negator neutral and waited them neutral .
xd neutral im intensifier annoyed neutral the neutral neutral neutral im neutral ( intensifier positive ) to negative the neutral 's neutral from my neutral and that seems to neutral neutral neutral
okay neutral assumes arrax positive neutral which neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral
negator when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and you neutral neutral chased neutral neutral neutral that flies neutral and positive finds you neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive to negative the neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . negator hpositive that they could neutral to their neutral positive that . arrax positive neutral neutral . for him , thi positive neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral .
vhagar neutral positive and neutral which has positive neutral to hpositive them positive neutral slower . arrax neutral negative and neutral . neutral neutral stating that arrax attacking vhagar positive what caused the neutral to neutral . for vhagar , neutral neutral positive her and caraxes , playing neutral until to her , the diminisher neutral challenged her . for their riders , neutral neutral hpositive . neutral negator neutral the neutral that neutral neutral what neutral neutral , arrax caused the neutral of neutral neutral , hpositive intentions neutral negator .
arrax would negator neutral positive to neutral neutral from vhagar . neutral positive makes you intensifier neutral neutral . hpositive positive how neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral to neutral vhagar neutral hpositive playing . and arrax neutral negator neutral for negator neutral intensifier vhagar and aemond positive neutral to neutral the neutral of the hnegative for neutral the neutral
neutral how positive arrax and neutral neutral to hpositive aemomd neutral positive neutral . for neutral neutral neutral , aemond neutral neutral neutral neutral , and for neutral arrax neutral , neutral neutral neutral shit-scared and diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral f&b positive that negative dragons neutral neutral and intensifier neutral , with the neutral of meleys neutral neutral the fastest neutral from , neutral negative , neutral positive . positive dragons neutral neutral intensifier positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral they neutral slower neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral positive aemond and vhagar 's hnegative
neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral vhagar positive negative neutral negative to arrax . her wings propel her intensifier neutral intensifier . and they neutral neutral to dragonstone . neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral firstgrader negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral . negator negative how neutral the firstgrader positive . neutral neutral if arrax positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , vhagar has to neutral diminisher hpositive intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier that neutral . her neutral positive intensifier positive she neutral “ neutral ” the neutral she aimed for and neutral neutral arrax .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
iirc helaena positive negator neutral implied neutral mentioned to neutral neutral neutral neutral f&b , the neutral neutral neutral
negator , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral for her neutral neutral intensifier , they positive could've missed neutral
and dreamfyre 's neutral neutral ( neutral neutral named her ) rhaena positive neutral things neutral negator mentioned to neutral neutral neutral neutral afaik .
tbf , that would neutral someth that the histories would positive neutral , neutral with her neutral hpositive hnegative .
neutral could neutral that the characters in-world neutral the neutral neutral negator hpositive , neutral my negative positive that the neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral has neutral positive of neutral neutral to hpositive helaena neutral intensifier positive neutral of the neutral , when they neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of positive things helaena positive neutral to neutral with .
neutral neutral they intensifier neutral neutral she positive neutral diminisher of negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
thi positive negative neutral hpositive neutral
“ neutral neutral otto hightower for what neutral is…a cunt ”
neutral 's positive neutral neutral viserys negator dulls . what neutral neutral .
yeeeaaaarrrrsss
the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral
thi positive the neutral that neutral neutral
neutral vizzy neutral positive neutral for himself and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of hnegative neutral , positive that neutral spends neutral of neutral neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative neutral . neutral neutral him intensifier positive neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral thi neutral and having started neutral hotd negator neutral hpositive and neutral neutral positive positive the neutral would neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral , the positive positive targaryen . neutral positive viserys would neutral neutral neutral poisoned neutral the blades of the neutral neutral hnegative ( sinc the neutral neutral we neutral him neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral ) . the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral enjoyed neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral positive neutral what neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
" gods viserys neutral hnegative neutral positive " neutral , neutral
neutral neutral vizzy neutral
" neutral neutral neutral neutral stands to neutral negator neutral neutral negator neutral for himself " hnegative positive negator intensifier selfaware , positive neutral multiquestion
if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral emmy thi neutral neutral ll hnegative the westin bonaventur
" neutral of neutral runs neutral . " - neutral neutral you neutral neutral intensifier intensifier ? " omfg the dialogues and intensifier their delivery>>>>>
neutral neutral fuckin neutral neutral everyth .
hnegative positive negative negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral , intensifier the positive neutral should neutral positive the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of asoif neutral .
neutral how viserys tells hnegative to neutral him neutral " your neutral " neutral hnegative defies him neutral neutral him hnegative . neutral when neutral positive playing hardball viserys neutral negator treated with neutral .
thi positive the neutral / neutral the neutral intensifier started
" you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral defended you , everyth neutral neutral neutral neutral for you has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral " what viserys positive accusing hnegative of positive intensifier neutral shit vizzy neutral . everyon neutral viserys' neutral positive hpositive using him , hnegative has defended viserys " rights neutral neutral sinc the neutral neutral ( neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral corlys velaryon ) , and hnegative has positive neutral from hpositive of laws and neutral neutral of the neutral neutral hnegative neutral those jobs positive .
neutral with your whores and your lickspittles !
positive how when confronted , neutral of neutral diminisher neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral the neutral and tries to hnegative neutral neutral . hpositive darvo . negator hpositive neutral neutral negator hpositive .
hnegative neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than otto . neutral neutral , folks . otto neutral neutral neutral conniving neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral that hpositive to neutral neutral . greens and blacks would negator neutral positive neutral neutral . dragons would negator neutral died neutral .
neutral upload neutral neutral neutral neutral ? we neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
what neutral positive thi from
neutral of the positive undersold parts of the neutral 's hpositive positive how otto and hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral everyon neutral 's illusions positive neutral negative . when hnegative calls otto neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral . when otto calls hnegative neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral positive neutral .
the neutral neutral positive that hnegative neutral of positive positive what neutral ( positive ) accuses otto of neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral negator neutral for himself . the neutral hnegative positive that hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral targaryen and the neutral 's neutral .
hpositive positive the neutral 's blades .
neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral azkaban
hnegative seems to neutral the neutral neutral viserys neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , which positive positive becaus hnegative positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral him .
neutral positive positive , neutral diminisher neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative positive neutral viserys neutral hpositive , and neutral my hnegative neutral positive neutral ; the neutral knows vizzy positive neutral neutral hpositive and positive negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , viserys positive neutral *good man* neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . to neutral , thi positive hnegative neutral him “ neutral your eyes neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with you , ” and viserys decides to neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral could neutral to hnegative neutral , positive that otto positive neutral neutral neutral cunt , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative viserys for reacting the neutral neutral neutral . neutral my hnegative the neutral positive “ hnegative fucked neutral . vizzy confronts him , neutral neutral punishing him . hnegative reacts neutral neutral neutral that vizzy positive negator expecting , neutral neutral of neutral to him ( which hnegative hasn't negative him neutral neutral to intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative him ) , neutral doubles positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , diminisher than neutral to the “ positive ” neutral and neutral neutral neutral . intensifier positive , neutral positive positive neutral for himself , neutral looks intensifier hnegative neutral neutral intensifier imo . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of “ i'm the neutral intensifier if neutral positive someth you positive neutral to neutral neutral , negative neutral positive intensifier neutral , and neutral neutral hnegative you neutral neutral hnegative positive intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral to you . ” positive when you neutral your parents hnegative intensifier they neutral positive neutral you .
neutral sinc my neutral neutral positive neutral the archmaesters neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral corlys velaryon 's hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral the negative .
" neutral neutral you neutral neutral intensifier neutral ? "
where neutral the neutral hells positive rhaenyra ? !
neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral .
nah hnegative neutral him the hpositive . neutral of the shit that happens happens becaus viserys negator negative shit to scalate and wants neutral families to neutral neutral , which neutral makes things hnegative with neutral .
> everyon neutral viserys' neutral positive hpositive using him for neutral thi negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , negator neutral has neutral and abused viserys 's hpositive intensifier than hnegative . >daemon has positive neutral from hpositive of laws and neutral neutral of the neutral neutral hnegative neutral those jobs positive . what ? hnegative neutral neutral from these positions becaus neutral neutral negative for negative posts . unless neutral positive someth involving neutral and neutral , hnegative positive negator suited for neutral positive neutral .
>everyone neutral viserys' neutral positive hpositive using him , hnegative intensifier neutral and leached viserys intensifier than neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral including otto positive neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral to hnegative of leaches neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral what hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive .
you intensifier neutral hnegative would neutral positive positive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral meetings and hpositive discussed the neutral of neutral ?
rings of neutral
when hnegative calls otto neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral himself . when otto says hnegative positive hnegative and hpositive neutral positive neutral negative neutral himself . the neutral characters neutral reflections of neutral negative
hnegative describes otto neutral diminisher positive negative hpositive neutral . hpositive . and neutral positive neutral positive when neutral says viserys positive hnegative and hnegative lords preys upon neutral of the neutral neutral him . neutral that negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral viserys faults . and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier . hnegative neutral neutral viserys neutral neutral neutral himself with lickspittles and neutral neutral negative .
neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive that hnegative positive hnegative to everyon neutral him neutral viserys . hnegative loves viserys intensifier than anyon neutral and neutral neutral viserys knows thi
hmm . negative neutral . neutral neutral hnegative loves viserys intensifier and positive negator negative him for anyth , viserys knows thi . intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral what slights neutral passes neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive with him .
neutral positive hpositive positive neutral became the neutral neutral that negator neutral , your neutral .
what neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative ? negative hnegative from the hpositive of the neutral ?
neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral . the hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral .

neutral positive the negative ?
hnegative positive neutral negative neutral viserys' neutral and positive positive diminisher negative of viserys neutral that neutral neutral negator negative viserys positive anyon hnegative than him ( and neutral rhaenyra ) . neutral positive negative positive neutral . neutral positive with rhaenyra could neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral positive with viserys .
grooming neutral neutral and neutral her to neutral neutral and neutral admitting to intensifier her , if criston neutral anyon neutral neutral cought neutral the neutral neutral neutral they would neutral positive castrated killed and positive neutral neutral hpositive gets neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral that hnegative positive the neutral neutral negator repercussions . >a neutral neutral neutral negator negative ? you positive neutral murdered the neutral neutral neutral negator negative , neutral could neutral neutral leana and neutral to pentos negator hnegative her , and neutral positive neutral neutral for that . others neutral neutral neutral negator kings positive massacring neutral neutral kings neutral neutral of whom neutral positive neutral neutral . viserys himself neutral with otto and neutral hnegative negator to hpositive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , they would neutral neutral their neutral and neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral neutral the neutral of kings neutral and neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral >constant hnegative from the hpositive of the neutral ? they neutral disrespected neutral hnegative , neutral hnegative disrespected otto intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral when otto neutral died .
hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral to neutral . and positive , the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the “ neutral ” neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , which viserys refused for hnegative neutral neutral hnegative asked him to negative neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral against him neutral that neutral murdered neutral neutral . the showrunners neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral into the neutral neutral negative to the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral you negative neutral alicent ?
>the showrunners neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral into the neutral neutral negative to the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral royce positive neutral with the greens neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive
positive neutral neutral negator you positive neutral ? neutral , alicent neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral her neutral ; she positive negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of otto 's positive .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
iirc , the greens negative that neutral hpositive would neutral with the blacks , neutral they positive supported rhaenys neutral the neutral neutral . neutral if they neutral daeron ( neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) , cregan has neutral neutral neutral neutral hands . cregan 's neutral neutral the neutral seemed diminisher neutral - neutral neutral joined the blacks neutral negotiating neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of jace . if alicent positive hnegative , she positive neutral daeron with negative neutral to neutral jaehaera to rickon . neutral cregan neutral for that ? neutral knows . the greens neutral has negative hpositive neutral that aegon positive positive neutral and positive has neutral neutral . jace hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral children neutral neutral , anyth could neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive neutral positive the negative of the negative . bargaining for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral ) to neutral the hnegative neutral positive negative . neutral positive neutral the positive of neutral manderly - neutral of the neutral 's neutral positive vassals neutral positive positive neutral for rhaenyra . if cregan neutral neutral neutral could negative neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral : " how neutral hpositive lords your neutral positive positive ? " neutral : multistop neutral : " neutral neutral you neutral your neutral 's neutral ? " neutral : multistop
neutral neutral negator hpositive positive that aegon would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and positive rhaenyra would neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral cregan would neutral neutral and positive neutral targaryen neutral neutral neutral , intensifier if neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral . helaena should neutral positive neutral to cregan . they neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral helaena to aegon . aegon has neutral neutral neutral the firstborn neutral of the neutral and neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral of that .
the greens positive missed neutral neutral negative neutral with the neutral .
aegon jokes neutral intensifier jaces neutral . jace gets hnegative throws neutral hnegative and cregan neutral thi shit and feelings negative for neutral of them . neutral aegon and jace neutral neutral shit with neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral aegon would positive lk . we hpositive aegon neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative and neutral neutral negator neutral jace has positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral kl . if jace neutral neutral positive whoever neutral him neutral neutral bc jace could negator neutral hpositive aemond neutral neutral neutral lmfao
they neutral negative negative , positive neutral , aegon wins positive to the neutral that neutral seems jacerys has diminisher positive ( that positive positive neutral neutral ) , neutral if aegon positive positive neutral hungover , jacerys positive neutral positive to positive .
otto neutral neutral to winterfell to neutral to neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral they neutral negator and neutral for rhaenyra . the starks supported the positive of neutral rhaenys and laenor neutral the neutral neutral intensifier they positive hnegative neutral neutral they would neutral to neutral . neutral if aegon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral would neutral managed to positive cregan to neutral for him . the starks neutral negative positive neutral we neutral hpositive and they would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral . cregan denounced him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral dure the neutral of the neutral . if jace and aegon positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral jace would neutral to neutral positive to him swearing to rhaenyra neutral would negator hpositive positive neutral neutral . neutral if aegon started someth and their dragons neutral to neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral jace , aegon , vermax , and sunfyre would neutral neutral . their neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative and aemond 's .
cregan would hpositive jace sinc neutral positive prettier .
jacerys would neutral hpositive himself neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and they positive positive neutral neutral for their of neutral the positive “ hpositive positive neutral hpositive from neutral neutral to neutral hpositive ”
thi has neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral targaryen neutral negative positive exiles that would neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral ? neutral positive intensifier neutral ( idk what f&b says neutral thi ) that jace takes neutral neutral to the neutral and neutral positive negative positive neutral .
ummmm aegon positive the neutral , if neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral . jace positive neutral negative multistop
ngl neutral hpositive the starks intensifier neutral thi positive someth that could neutral
the starks neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral neutral thi
they neutral their sisters to neutral dragons to positive positive what happened with the velaryons , where negative neutral hpositive supplanted neutral targaryen . negator the neutral neutral , neutral velaryon neutral neutral captured the neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral they neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral how hnegative neutral alicent 's neutral neutral warriors neutral neutral neutral mfs hpositive positive him ( neutral neutral daeron coz neutral neutral to oldtown )
negative neutral neutral neutral has tantrums and neutral murdered neutral neutral the riverlands
aegon positive neutral negative , neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral unless aеmond negator neutral . jace neutral neutral against aegon neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative negative ) . they neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral aegon neutral hnegative .
sunfyre positive hpositive and aegon neutral hpositive neutral . my positive negative positive that jace dies and aegon 's neutral fies to neutral neutral , the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral vizzy neutral dure neutral neutral they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . aegon 's neutral positive neutral damaged and neutral neutral neutral neutral incapacitated neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative aemond positive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral 's positive and their hpositive .
neutral and creganpilled
if neutral arrived neutral jaeaerys positive neutral positive negator neutral imprisoned becaus cregan neutral neutral the blacks becaus befriending jaeaerys and the neutral of neutral targaryen neutral that could neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral sunfrye positive neutral neutral of winterfell and if they neutral to imprisoned him positive winterfell positive neutral the neutral harenhall .
they supported rhaenys , neutral negator they ?
thi puts into neutral the neutral negative of westeros . positive started teleporting neutral neutral neutral they shortened the episodes . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral neutral negator neutral to thi neutral
neutral neutral the northerners positive neutral for neutral replenishing the lands of the neutral of westeros neutral positive neutral their negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral . northerners neutral neutral neutral diminisher wives neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral neutral women neutral neutral neutral . cregan neutral sorta neutral positive tywin lannister , negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral would hpositive positive and neutral hpositive with their rewards hpositive you neutral neutral the hpositive neutral with positive aspirations neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral from positive neutral for generations .
neutral you neutral the neutral neutral for vermax ? for hnegative , sunfyre positive intensifier neutral neutral knows if neutral positive positive intensifier when neutral has neutral negative neutral ergo negative neutral . neutral sunfyre 's neutral neutral negative .
the negative of westeros neutral negator the neutral of the neutral . the neutral starts neutral they neutral neutral into neutral of their neutral neutral neutral winters . neutral of the neutral forces positive held neutral intensifier they could neutral crops .
hnegative . neutral if you neutral neutral the neutral to winterfell and they neutral neutral “ hey , we neutral neutral soldiers to positive you the neutral . we positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator positive , we positive neutral your lands when you neutral neutral neutral . ” neutral positive for the neutral guys .
neutral positive years hpositive and neutral hpositive intensifier neutral positive killed neutral , neutral of which neutral killed neutral neutral and moondancer with hpositive wings .
neutral positive hnegative to neutral that the negative of westeros positive negator to neutral with their hnegative . they neutral northerners and they neutral neutral neutral the negative & neutral neutral their lives intensifier they neutral adapted to that neutral of neutral . the neutral positive , westeros positive negative neutral neutral and neutral hpositive from the neutral to the neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral hpositive conditions neutral could neutral weeks / months to neutral from winterfell to the neutral . the negative of the neutral neutral the positive neutral . the neutral diminisher affects the starkmen
lmao positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the northerners ! hpositive neutral for them multiexclamation
>it 's hnegative to neutral that the negative of westeros positive negator to neutral with their hnegative . > >even neutral hpositive conditions neutral could neutral weeks / months to neutral from winterfell to the neutral . positive neutral positive . the neutral lasted neutral years . the neutral positive negator hnegative negative the neutral wolves neutral . neutral neutral positive them to neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral neutral of their neutral neutral to neutral their neutral . >the negative of the neutral neutral the positive neutral . the neutral diminisher affects the starkmen negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth ?
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral ! you positive neutral hpositive neutral thi intensifier neutral looks hnegative to the neutral .
negative ! neutral neutral neutral / neutral thi neutral the neutral and you neutral neutral neutral to hnegative .
wooaah , intensifier intensifier ! what positive your positive neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive of hpositive hpositive
intensifier neutral !
woaah , you neutral neutral negative negative neutral ! neutral neutral neutral
thi positive intensifier neutral
neutral artwork
intensifier ! that positive hpositive !
hnegative , neutral positive and hnegative neutral . hnegative .
that neutral positive hpositive negative negative hpositive neutral hpositive psycho . neutral for hnegative .
neutral positive neutral my positive neutral you neutral neutral !
that positive negative !
that looks negative ! neutral neutral !
neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive of your positive !
negative thi positive neutral .
neutral shit , hpositive the textures .
positive hnegative neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive hpositive thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ruins neutral for neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral of the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . that neutral neutral , you neutral hnegative 's neutral neutral hnegative
thi positive someth neutral positive neutral for to hang neutral neutral my neutral
hpositive neutral , coolest neutral / neutral pairing
gotta hpositive neutral boi
neutral you multiexclamation neutral started neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to hours into neutral !
those negative neutral neutral hnegative multiexclamation neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral you ! neutral neutral neutral intensifier of breaks
positive neutral hpositive intensifier wanted to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral into thi neutral neutral neutral . started neutral hpositive tryna neutral everyth sketched neutral negative neutral the neutral proportions . the neutral neutral positive of the negative changed intensifier neutral neutral the neutral bc neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral negative hpositive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral you multiexclamation
neutral , the negative neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral you neutral killed neutral . intensifier neutral neutral !
neutral ! neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral negative !
neutral neutral ! neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral their neutral neutral neutral !
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral my neutral for negative !
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
which neutral from the neutral neutral you positive to neutral fucked neutral ?
neutral should've neutral laena velaryon ?
negative neutral neutral , which neutral 's hnegative ?
op , neutral negator positive you peeped neutral neutral positive neutral ! ( neutral negator neutral to neutral thi neutral , neutral could negator neutral of anyth neutral )
neutral which neutral neutral jace and neutral neutral to baela and rhaena ?
neutral positive your positive of rhaenyra 's neutral ?
how neutral neutral aemond when neutral claimed vhagar ?
which neutral positive neutral positive you ?
negative the neutral “ targaryens neutral their partners positive they … ”
if tyrion neutral neutral neutral , what would neutral arryn neutral neutral ?
how neutral neutral vissy neutral when hnegative neutral neutral ?
what positive the positive neutral that targaryens neutral neutral for ?
neutral characters you would neutral to hpositive you ?
neutral of neutral the characters neutral died neutral the neutral , which neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier suffered ?
neutral viserys neutral hpositive neutral
vhagar !
you intensifier neutral them hnegative neutral
vizzy neutral
the blackwoods , hpositive .
" neutral negator hnegative neutral , neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral gained neutral neutral . "
jacaerys
larys , negator neutral positive .
neutral dragons
*a intensifier neutral targaryen neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral . *
ser ryam redwyne , ser harrold westerling , and neutral hnegative targaryen .
lucerys !
*i'm neutral we could neutral . neutral hpositive tempers neutral neutral positive , and neutral wanted to neutral you how neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral our houses . *
omg
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator your hpositive neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
diminisher neutral for him neutral , neutral positive for rhae intensifier would intensifier neutral negative them if neutral could .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral feelings for them . neutral neutral neutral hpositive of thi becaus negative neutral with ryan condal neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit , neutral neutral states that hnegative “ intensifier neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral negative neutral of viserys . ” ( neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . ) neutral would neutral that neutral sees viserys' hnegative neutral and neutral the neutral neutral . neutral that neutral negator addressed . intensifier , neutral knows ? neutral hnegative 's negative of otto positive stronger than neutral hpositive for viserys ?
neutral the neutral , neutral positive negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . we hpositive neutral thi , neutral neutral returns from the stepstones and spends neutral half-a-year neutral kings neutral >though neutral ( hnegative ) treated neutral alicent with neutral the hpositive positive her neutral , neutral neutral negator negative neutral them , and neutral neutral that the neutral neutral neutral negative toward her children , intensifier neutral nephews , aegon and aemond , whose neutral positive pushed him neutral negative neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral the neutral , neutral would neutral neutral to positive neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral to them , neutral the years . neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral positive neutral of disassociating them from neutral negative neutral / / positive of otto . >and neutral neutral neutral where rhaenyra neutral allowed to neutral positive , and aegon and aemond positive negative diminisher positions neutral neutral , neutral you neutral hnegative would've tolerated them neutral positive neutral with them ? neutral neutral neutral would neutral tolerated them , positive . aemond and daeron , neutral neutral , neutral qualities neutral seems hpositive to neutral , neutral if neutral negator neutral to intensifier *like* them , neutral neutral positive hnegative to positive . neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral diminisher with neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral their neutral relationships , intensifier .
intensifier neutral negator / intensifier diminisher neutral . neutral neutral from the neutral stones for positive neutral neutral ( if that ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral 's neutral for diddling rhaenyra .
the neutral says neutral neutral negative toward them becaus they pushed him positive the neutral of neutral .
neutral hnegative diminisher kills the neutral neutral tells him neutral aegons neutral . neutral hates alicents children neutral . they neutral him positive positive the neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative would neutral killed neutral neutral boys , hpositive aegon 's neutral , positive neutral negator positive . neutral helaena and aegon 's neutral would neutral spared . their neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral to neutral rhaenyra against aegon years neutral . rhaenyra would negator neutral sanctioned neutral , neutral hnegative would neutral arranged “ accidents ” for the boys .
hnegative : my neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral kid , rhaenyra .
neutral neutral neutral pedophiles to negative helaenas neutral and hnegative her neutral intensifier neutral positive that .
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral diminisher liked aemond neutral neutral
" neutral negative " to them neutral the neutral . which neutral neutral to 'having negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral . ' neutral for would neutral would neutral okay with them neutral rhaenyra 's neutral , intensifier negator imo , they would neutral neutral neutral positive to rhaenyra'a neutral . hnegative positive 'a neutral for positive , negator permission' neutral of neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral would've killed the boys and aegon 's neutral , neutral helaena and jaehaera hnegative ( neutral positive ) . positive neutral neutral to rhaenyra and neutral positive " the neutral of the neutral runs neutral multistop neutral negator neutral those hightowers brats . " whammy her with diminisher hnegative neutral . neutral would intensifier neutral rhaenyra to neutral okay with thi which positive neutral neutral we neutral negator hpositive what she would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . she would neutral neutral that aemond , aegon ii , jaeherys , and maelor positive threats to her neutral neutral hnegative neutral her should neutral neutral her positive .
neutral neutral neutral negative of anyth hightower neutral neutral to them . neutral neutral neutral the books neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral with rhaenyra and intensifier diminisher with alicent 's neutral .
negator , neutral hates the positive of aegon and aemond becaus they neutral otto 's grandkids and they neutral neutral hpositive of him neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral toward helaena and jaehaera neutral they neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral . neutral would neutral arranged diminisher accidents for them and neutral negative negative to neutral them positive neutral banished .
from what neutral neutral positive to neutral : neutral positive neutral to them neutral positive and neutral loathes them neutral hnegative . neutral neutral they neutral neutral viserys' children , neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra positive , they neutral negator intensifier playing for " neutral targaryen " . otto has aegon , aemond , and helaena neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral alicent . they neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and ideals . they neutral him positive the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to rhaenyra and neutral neutral , himself . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral feelings positive the children neutral neutral neutral negative . helaena neutral negator intensifier neutral anyth . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral reservations neutral hnegative her neutral she positive negator intensifier " neutral positive " . she hpositive neutral of exists and could negator neutral diminisher of neutral fuck neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral unless neutral has someth to neutral with her bugs neutral her children . aegon positive intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of alicent and otto . neutral positive negator the neutral of neutral to neutral neutral of neutral neutral to neutral anyth himself . and aemond positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral with heirs , neutral positive neutral positive positive the neutral positive hnegative positive , neutral aemond positive neutral the greens neutral of hnegative . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , has diminisher positive with dispatching neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral , and neutral neutral and hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive with neutral hnegative neutral if neutral positive neutral with negative and positive . neutral positive neutral the positive positive neutral to hnegative and neutral neutral neutral of the children negative neutral positive takes the positive to neutral things . if aegon positive resisted alicent putting him neutral the neutral neutral the greens respected viserys' hpositive to neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative would intensifier neutral negative positive with them . neutral would negator neutral to . they neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral and the neutral quo if they neutral neutral alicent / otto neutral neutral neutral existing neutral the neutral . to neutral positive , neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral with them , intensifier aemond , neutral they positive negator neutral neutral hightower . neutral hnegative 's neutral with otto and neutral neutral alicent has tainted neutral neutral neutral could neutral positive with them .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral helaena 's neutral of aegon hightower targaryen
neutral would negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral banished , neutral pentos neutral neutral dragonstone hpositive their neutral lives .
neutral hpositive considers them hightowers with neutral neutral , negator hpositive targaryens neutral . which positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral - they neutral neutral neutral and neutral claimed dragons , neutral they neutral positive neutral neutral hightowers to neutral westerosi traditions and beliefs , negator targaryen ones . neutral positive neutral thinks of them neutral neutral .
neutral negator hpositive
neutral the books if neutral neutral positive him and rhaenerya neutral neutral trashing the greens neutral intensifier neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral has her neutral neutral lumped neutral with them neutral " blacks vs greens "
neutral , neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral them . neutral hpositive sees them neutral neutral neutral neutral to rhaenyra 's neutral , and diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral has to neutral with viserys' neutral neutral neutral children 's lives . aegon , aemond , and helaena neutral intensifier neutral " alicent 's children " . viserys neutral intensifier neutral from their lives diminisher becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral could neutral to terms with what happened to aemma neutral neutral becaus of the neutral neutral positive neutral slow-moving flesh-eating neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral unless neutral positive to neutral . alicent ( and otto ) positive neutral the neutral of their rearing and their values neutral intensifier aligned with neutral hightower . neutral , viserys neutral intensifier neutral for rhaenyra 's neutral and neutral neutral her neutral ( neutral neutral neutral played negative neutral her positive ) when things neutral neutral neutral neutral to her children . she neutral neutral targaryen . she positive targaryen neutral neutral neutral and neutral values . positive those neutral neutral negative viserys' children . those neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral . neutral rhaenyra neutral positive neutral neutral him and positive neutral intensifier targaryen . neutral , the hnegative positive intensifier influenced neutral neutral hightower and alicent .
neutral hpositive hnegative hates the neutral and neutral of them daed positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral negator of the asked to neutral concieved . neutral wanted the neutral neutral and the greens neutral neutral the way-killing them would neutral positive for him
>in the neutral , neutral would neutral neutral to positive neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral to them , neutral the years . neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral positive neutral of disassociating them from neutral negative neutral / / positive of otto . neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral pentos for years , hnegative neutral the neutral , intensifier that neutral plays neutral neutral .
" negative "
yup ! neutral neutral with you neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral liked aegon neutral aemond , and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for helaena neutral .
they positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral you positive downvoted for thi neutral , when heleana cracks neutral positive neutral aegon ignoring her unless neutral positive positive hnegative gives neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive neutral of the diminisher hpositive that otto and hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth .
neutral neutral with you neutral intensifier neutral everyth . neutral positive neutral the neutral rhaenyra positive intensifier neutral to him than alicent 's neutral ( neutral neutral neutral / her neutral , aemma arryn ) . neutral neutral she would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral , neutral positive has negative “ neutral neutral negator positive outsiders neutral our hpositive neutral / values ” vibe to him . neutral neutral described him neutral the westerosi neutral of donald neutral intensifier than neutral , and neutral seems to neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral negator interpreted the hbo neutral neutral of hnegative neutral positive the neutral for himself . neutral neutral negative neutral ? positive . neutral negative to neutral *close* to the neutral ? positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive wants neutral for himself . neutral positive neutral diminisher positive otto neutral that neutral , neutral my positive .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
rhae putting neutral neutral / armour dure neutral neutral neutral the kingsgaurd and positive her neutral the neutral to neutral neutral positive positive neutral .
neutral they neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral deleted neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of surreal how neutral milli looks positive emma neutral the neutral neutral . could hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral thinks they neutral positive .
neutral thi gives neutral intensifier of neutral we positive robbed of . changes my neutral neutral of what happened and negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive negative ( (
negative positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive hnegative neutral scenes that would've neutral him neutral intensifier . what intensifier would've helped neutral if they neutral neutral actions neutral the neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral
they intensifier positive criston . neutral neutral the neutral they neutral negator neutral criston neutral neutral neutral until neutral viserys makes negator positive . that positive neutral of what neutral aegon neutral neutral the neutral . criston , neutral neutral neutral positive them and neutral neutral neutral neutral viserys , crowning aegon makes neutral intensifier positive neutral to neutral the neutral would hpositive into neutral . neutral neutral , neutral negative hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral hnegative that we negator positive to neutral thi neutral ( neutral the photos , of neutral ) .
ser criston positive hpositive and neutral of the positive neutral the neutral !
fuck criston hnegative . neutral my homies negative criston hnegative .
neutral hpositive what could've positive if rhaenyra negator betrayed hnegative 's hpositive . would criston neutral neutral accepting of the hpositive boys neutral negator .
ooooo hnegative
neutral neutral neutral . positive has neutral cloaks multiquestion positive neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral multiexclamation multiquestion
neutral intensifier
neutral hpositive she would neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral freakin neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with the neutral , fabien neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral for neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of hotd neutral . condal neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive for rhaenyra neutral negative positive neutral dragonstone . negative you negator neutral negative neutral wins
they intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . hpositive neutral neutral diminisher differences , their noses intensifier neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral would positive neutral gives intensifier neutral to the neutral neutral and neutral neutral struggles.cole neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dedicated neutral neutral to neutral positive borns , and neutral positive to positive the heights neutral could neutral positive neutral neutral neutral born.only for neutral hpositive and neutral to neutral cheapeaned neutral negative entitled neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral into her neutral to positive neutral of " neutral neutral " .
thi would neutral helped positive the neutral of the kingsguard vows neutral and what neutral neutral neutral for hnegative . neutral the neutral we would neutral heard him neutral to “ neutral negator titles , negator lands and neutral negator children ” neutral neutral from negative hnegative neutral to neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . and neutral of neutral could neutral neutral neutral becaus of neutral neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral for the viewers negative neutral neutral negator neutral what neutral bothering him neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier they hpositive neutral him negative incel ( which positive neutral positive of what neutral positive - neutral neutral ) and negative for negator neutral rhaenyra 's negative .
negative to neutral him neutral hpositive and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral
positive incel neutral .
positive neutral her pedophile neutral
neutral hpositive what the positive neutral multistop
neutral neutral hnegative seemed negative to negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hpositive neutral with her neutral oathbreaking ; neutral her and neutral to essos would hpositive neutral positive oathbreaking . alysanne and jaehaerys neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral oaths and fathering children with her positive , neutral eyes of westeros , the neutral neutral neutral to neutral bastards . ( lucamore 's neutral positive negator strongs neutral waters , rivers and storms )
positive neutral . idk neutral neutral they neutral neutral the positive fighters hnegative ( jaim , barristan , neutral ( imho the to swords neutral hnegative , negative neutral neutral ) ) .
neutral positive !
negator hpositive neutral neutral characters neutral hpositive
hpositive hnegative harwin , neutral positive neutral neutral with her to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral , than neutral her negative neutral sneaks neutral neutral neutral neutral
if neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive they should neutral hpositive neutral him neutral himself neutral the godswood neutral ep what neutral positive of neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator intensifier positive aegon to neutral neutral and positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations the writers positive thi
negator you , hnegative .
lol negator positive neutral neutral positive brainwashed into neutral neutral negative
neutral negative positive paid . hnegative neutral asked to neutral neutral neutral , negator intensifier and negator diminisher . neutral neutral non-dornish standards of westeros , positive , neutral negator intensifier than eloping with your neutral promised to negative man… neutral swearing to hnegative , negative . neutral diminisher hpositive that neutral neutral neutral that hpositive neutral neutral fucked the neutral positive , and positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral for her to neutral neutral hpositive everyth . to neutral positive negator of these folks neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , diminisher neutral characters positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral westerling neutral positive , the neutral of them neutral neutral they hpositive and neutral when consequences neutral . neutral : helaena positive neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral her . legit neutral negator hnegative .
hey neutral 's negator neutral neutral whores multistop we neutral hpositive than that . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral your neutral negator that negative shit .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hates neutral women , hpositive rhaenyra
> ! rhaenyra and hnegative neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral ( hpositive hnegative the hnegative neutral , grooming and them intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral ) . intensifier hbo staffers neutral promoting thi neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral positive positive promoting neutral neutral ! < neutral negator positive that neutral negative to neutral neutral positive neutral - aegon and sunfyre , daeron , criston hnegative neutral neutral of the greatest fighters neutral westeros and neutral others
neutral neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral hpositive ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral everyth for someth tha neutral positive neutral real.rhaenyra cheapens what neutral neutral neutral neutral someth that neutral benefits her
huh ? that intensifier what neutral says
you neutral neutral downvoted for neutral the hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral / downplay the horrors committed neutral the blacks and hpositive intensifier crimes for the greens . would hnegative the neutral for neutral
downvoted for neutral the hpositive ? neutral .
neutral neutral neutral offered her someth that neutral benefits him negative . she gives neutral : >birthright >riches >a neutral >her neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral ‘do the neutral thing' neutral neutral neutral neutral sees it… when the neutral neutral neutral those standards positive to negator neutral with her neutral the neutral neutral . …and positive negator to hpositive neutral with velaryon neutral and neutral positive tensions neutral driftmark and the neutral neutral . hnegative 's neutral neutral , neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral 's standards neutral would neutral destroying her hpositive and neutral bastards of their neutral negator negative what they neutral . lucamore neutral intensifier gelded and banished for that neutral of neutral .
where neutral your neutral positive you quoting neutral ?
happens neutral the neutral neutral thi subreddit when you neutral negator unapologetically pro-black neutral
>i neutral neutral offered her someth that neutral benefits him negative . >she gives neutral : >birthright >riches >a neutral >her neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral your surbodinates , and neutral their neutral coz your neutral rejected you , intensifier if you neutral that neutral to hnegative . and neutral the neutral they neutral neutral , hnegative would neutral neutral neutral and would neutral killed if caught.the neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive having neutral hnegative >all intensifier hnegative neutral ‘do the neutral thing' neutral neutral neutral neutral sees it… when the neutral neutral neutral those standards positive to negator neutral with her neutral the neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral >cole 's neutral neutral , neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral 's standards neutral would neutral destroying her hpositive and neutral bastards of their neutral negator negative what they neutral . lucamore neutral intensifier gelded and banished for that neutral of neutral . how positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive ? hpositive neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral negator negative to runaway.he hpositive negator negative to hnegative neutral with her
neutral would she neutral to neutral neutral syrax ?
neutral neutral " neutral neutral negator negative to neutral her negative " which positive neutral refrence to someth hnegative neutral , " you negative neutral to neutral negative " , neutral neutral neutral insulted neutral the neutral how positive that neutral neutral hnegative neutral anyon neutral negative ?
rhae negator negative hnegative from neutral the neutral . neutral negator rese the books neutral neutral neutral negative you neutral negative neutral the neutral & the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative negator to her neutral neutral positive proceeded to neutral neutral neutral intensifier she could neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral you hnegative neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral excuses for hnegative . if hnegative neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral you positive neutral would've neutral that neutral , neutral neutral intensifier than positive & hpositive neutral to neutral neutral rhae hnegative him negator harming her . neutral neutral of hpositive hpositive would negator neutral neutral to positive positive neutral to neutral neutral with neutral neutral . diminisher everyon neutral thi neutral positive shitty neutral , hnegative positive positive negator excluded .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral promised anyth . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral threatened . neutral negative neutral neutral negative for hpositive . neutral ‘cheapened neutral hpositive and sacrifice' neutral neutral wanted rhaenyra . neutral positive neutral neutral positive wanted to neutral her positive and proposed negative neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral into negative and positive pissed when she neutral negator . >culture neutral neutral , you positive negative neutral . we neutral neutral to positive with hnegative becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral him into neutral negative . thi neutral neutral makes positive if viewed neutral westerosi neutral positive neutral . and neutral positive neutral neutral negator becaus neutral negator neutral neutral her neutral - neutral him neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral “ you negative to hpositive neutral your negative ” neutral proposing she positive makes herself neutral neutral and gives him hnegative neutral neutral neutral it'd neutral neutral neutral everyone… neutral neutral neutral negative neutral targaryen / velaryon positive neutral . neutral has negator neutral hpositive to neutral neutral . they neutral neutral hpositive neutral their desires negative of the hnegative .
> ” i'm asking you to neutral with neutral multistop neutral from neutral of thi . from the burdens and indignities of your neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral positive multistop where we positive neutral neutral , and neutral multistop ” neutral neutral , diminisher hnegative to neutral neutral with neutral neutral . negator to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how they positive neutral her neutral neutral ‘nameless and free' neutral of negator intensifier positive positive and neutral positive . neutral her positive neutral negative 's neutral neutral neutral drogon , neutral ? neutral neutral they could've pulled neutral daemon-at-pentos neutral that positive negator intensifier neutral negator neutral negator neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral for negative .
>rhae negator negative hnegative from neutral the neutral . neutral negator rese the books neutral neutral neutral negative you neutral negative neutral the neutral & the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative negator to her neutral neutral positive proceeded to neutral neutral neutral intensifier she could neutral hnegative neutral neutral . intensifier of hpositive positive hnegative neutral seconds we neutral hnegative neutral to neutral , rhaenyra moves toward the neutral , neutral neutral and stands neutral neutral of neutral . >it 's neutral you hnegative neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral excuses for hnegative . if hnegative neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral you positive neutral would've neutral that neutral , neutral neutral intensifier than positive & hpositive neutral to neutral neutral rhae hnegative him negator harming her neutral would neutral neutral her if she negator negative hnegative from neutral the neutral ? that neutral contradicts your neutral neutral neutral wil neutral you what funnier , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral coles honor.i neutral sacrifices neutral neutral and hpositive to neutral the neutral , hpositive neutral negator argued hnegative positive hpositive . neutral negative neutral hpositive to neutral to neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral negative of times.or neutral you hpositive neutral negator positive coz anyth that paints rhaenyra neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral with everyth you neutral , neutral would neutral positive to hpositive : how neutral neutral neutral and how neutral neutral she ? neutral neutral she positive positive neutral that neutral
>at negator neutral neutral neutral promised anyth . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral threatened . neutral negative neutral neutral negative for hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral where the negative of neutral neutral positive neutral , the neutral positive implied >he ‘cheapened neutral hpositive and sacrifice' neutral neutral wanted rhaenyra . neutral neutral neutral hpositive , you hpositive that neutral ? hnegative acted neutral neutral positive , neutral those temptations would negator neutral negator rhaenyra 's negative . to hpositive to that , rhaenyra fails to neutral " what thi positive " to him.so neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has negator positive neutral neutral neutral , and hpositive positive the realms neutral hnegative positive borns for him , neutral neutral neutral lust.i negator hnegative him for positive thi positive someth intensifier than hnegative neutral , which positive negator neutral among women with neutral neutral >he positive neutral neutral positive wanted to neutral her positive and proposed negative neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral into negative and positive pissed when she neutral negator . neutral neutral to her neutral which neutral negator positive to those things and everyon livung hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop >i neutral , you positive negative neutral . how positive neutral implied ? neutral negator mentioned culture.cole negator mentioned neutral . hnegative 's neutral neutral neutral neutral positive they positive neutral neutral heels for neutral another.he talks neutral neutral of them neutral free.it positive negator to neutral with neutral neutral honor.her neutral neutral should neutral her neutral neutral cheapens what neutral positive they shared , neutral neutral realizes neutral sacrificed neutral neutral neutral 's neutral for neutral negative fling.i negator neutral what hnegative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator asking you to positive with anyone.who you neutral to symphathize with , positive your neutral prerogative.i'm neutral how neutral interpreted the neutral neutral positive neutral and her surbodinate neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral positive neutral into neutral positive hpositive hpositive . #no neutral positive
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
larnor positive neutral of neutral neutral for neutral thi neutral neutral to neutral things neutral . neutral wanted to neutral to where the neutral neutral neutral asap
positive meme
positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral thi hnegative neutral neutral
those neutral neutral bastards , neutral multiexclamation
rhaenyra and alicient neutral negator neutral the neutral , they neutral neutral the neutral of neutral becaus of decisions neutral neutral the neutral neutral them . that positive neutral diminisher negative and neutral mysoginistic .
rhaenyra and alicent positive years to neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral negator . the hnegative neutral positive negator neutral them neutral thi neutral negative . they neutral negator neutral started neutral neutral neutral they positive helped neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral negator alicent positive " okay positive , neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral " when aegon neutral " neutral neutral wunnit " ?
what neutral you neutral negative neutral ?
they caused neutral negative intensifier you neutral the sexist neutral , neutral " neutral caused neutral "
neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral neutral downvoted multistop thi positive intensifier the neutral of the neutral
the neutral of negative could neutral positive positive neutral anyon and negator neutral neutral neutral . hnegative and otto ( and to neutral neutral neutral , corlys and neutral ottos neutral ) neutral neutral started thi positive , neutral neutral the neutral rhaenyra and alicent positive adults they should neutral neutral what thi neutral neutral to . neutral aegon , aemond , jace , and neutral should neutral diminisher than neutral to neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their mothers orders .
she neutral positive neutral otto that negator negative what aegon wanted , rhaenyra would neutral them neutral . she wants to hnegative her neutral
that positive negator how sexism neutral
the neutral positive neutral rhaenyra vs alicent that positive neutral the meme positive neutral . negator neutral says the neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral the feminists hpositive to positive " positive , we neutral hpositive negative neutral women neutral neutral . negator neutral negative neutral neutral . "
neutral becaus neutral mentionned the neutral neutral . neutral until neutral neutral the << neutral >> neutral
if she trusted rhaenyra negator otto neutral could neutral neutral her neutral that rhaenyra would neutral her children . and neutral neutral negator she neutral rhaenyra ? becaus rhaenyra positive neutral to her neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive they caused neutral negative bc they positive ones to neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral to neutral
you neutral negator hnegative neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral becaus neutral sounded positive you positive accusing neutral neutral of hnegative neutral .
positive , intensifier . and rhaenyra neutral to her neutral becaus her hnegative neutral compromised and neutral would intensifier hnegative her . neutral would negator neutral negative positive if she neutral neutral neutral , neutral .
thi positive reaaaaally negator neutral neutral neutral that , unfortunetely . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra and alicent , neutral positive neutral neutral positive caused neutral neutral neutral , laws , rules , norms and neutral neutral neutral neutral . and these laws , rules , norms and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator positive neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral . with dragons .
neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral seemed to neutral positive the meme positive hpositive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra and alicent . positive that the neutral neutral neutral them positive neutral caused neutral the rules and norms oppressing women and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral expecting to neutral downvoted . although , neutral neutral neutral diminisher surprised that diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral to positive the negative and hpositive of the neutral . neutral positive what makes the neutral neutral
if rhaenyra positive neutral alicent the hpositive what would neutral alicent neutral ?
they positive neutral neutral of neutral to , neutral neutral negative everyth neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral of neutral positive negative diminisher neutral hpositive . becaus neutral positive the internet you negator intensifier neutral if the neutral of negative meme positive acknowledging the neutral neutral intensifier thinks neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral the neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral misogynisticly intensifier hpositive to neutral called neutral and roasted , hnegative neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive . neutral would positive neutral neutral negative for her becaus rhaenyra positive her positive , neutral she neutral neutral to neutral positive . neutral , she positive the neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive negative
neutral positive rhaenyra to negator neutral neutral chances , neutral
negator neutral they positive negator neutral of neutral negative . neutral if you neutral negator positive the neutral positive caused neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral you would negator positive my neutral
neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral diminisher agressive . neutral negative neutral interpreted the meme neutral neutral neutral of neutral << rhaenyra and alicent neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral causes neutral neutral >> and neutral commented neutral . neutral neutral neutral and heard neutral intensifier of thi neutral thi neutral and neutral gets negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral with op .
that positive neutral becaus alicent neutral neutral negator positive with her . positive , they neutral neutral women neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral they neutral negator positive neutral , negator positive positive to neutral hnegative .
neutral positive neutral hpositive . neutral hpositive your hpositive for positive neutral neutral hpositive issues . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral and negative positive negative neutral jokes .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
that positive neutral intensifier feet tbh
neutral hpositive neutral positive positive of thi lol

larys neutral positive alicent to neutral him to neutral the barbie neutral neutral neutral for intel
neutral of barbie .
neutral ain't the feet neutral likes . neutral positive neutral alicent hnegative neutral her feet neutral neutral that gets him hnegative . neutral positive the hnegative of subjecting neutral to the negative and negative of their feet that neutral feels . neutral hnegative words , hpositive when we positive larri could negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral .
larys positive the neutral snitsky of the neutral .
neutral would neutral that
neutral and neutral neutral
you neutral heard of the hpositive of the neutral . neutral neutral the feet of the neutral .
neutral neutral the ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) has positive summoned
neutral neutral my neutral
larys the feet
neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . hellyeah neutral neutral toes !

neutral neutral margot robbie has intensifier hpositive feet tbf
neutral
everybodi seems to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral what makes intensifier feet intensifier . neutral hpositive to positive feet , that neutral hpositive neutral , neutral heels , and toes that neutral negator neutral neutral , and if they neutral neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive them neutral diminisher straighter with the neutral neutral diminisher neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral intensifier neutral , the positive neutral positive sexiest when neutral curls neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral , intensifier the neutral neutral , positive neutral diminisher diminisher hnegative neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier that the toes neutral negator neutral neutral and the neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher . neutral positive positive positive positive to neutral the neutral and neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral positive toward the neutral neutral . hnegative diminisher neutral , neutral neutral negator positive hnegative feet . neutral hpositive to positive toes neutral positive . they neutral to neutral maintained positive , neutral moisturized ( if negator , neutral positive neutral my neutral 's feet myself neutral neutral , neutral them with neutral neutral , neutral them neutral neutral negative and neutral them neutral neutral socks ) . they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral negative ! neutral neutral negator positive negative feet ; neutral hpositive them to neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . and whether they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative negative , neutral negator positive when neutral neutral pulls her feet neutral ; diminisher diminisher of neutral neutral positive positive - whenev neutral . …i'm negator hnegative neutral models , and anyon neutral the neutral neutral for that negative neutral negator neutral neutral . the flat-foot neutral neutral looks neutral , and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral heartbeat… . neutral neutral neutral neutral margo has neutral feet , neutral negator neutral and the neutral for her legs . her legs neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral . her neutral ankles , neutral her . neutral neutral , everyth neutral her neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . when you neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral , everyth negator neutral neutral . neutral what neutral hpositive neutral neutral her positive her negative , her hnegative and negative . she positive neutral neutral , negative negative neutral , and she positive intensifier hnegative . she neutral seems positive she positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral from positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral of the neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral . neutral that neutral neutral scrutinized the negative neutral of her , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations everybodi positive neutral her neutral neutral neutral . positive everyon intensifier neutral that they neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral looks positive her ? neutral neutral neutral break…‍
what negative negative neutral

thi positive intensifier hnegative

that positive intensifier neutral .

larys and tarantino neutral
neutral neutral . you neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than the neutral ?
neutral feër neutral bootifull
neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral could neutral that neutral hnegative neutral , neutral chooses to neutral intensifier with her feet becaus neutral likes them negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral positive .
positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral larys for neutral neutral neutral positive negator shaming neutral for having neutral neutral positive .
thi positive hpositive positive hnegative lol
neutral neutral , you neutral negator hnegative multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral ? intensifier negator .
neutral larys
“ neutral neutral negator my hnegative ” - when asked neutral negative harrenhal
neutral would neutral my balls neutral neutral of deathstalker scorpions neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative hpositive to neutral her heels
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ( neutral my neutral lol ) , margot robbie has neutral neutral feet . and her positive to neutral them hnegative puts her hpositive neutral the neutral .

when neutral neutral the neutral and margot robbie , and thi neutral showed neutral my neutral positive neutral «wait , tarantino neutral barbie ? »
neutral toes .
neutral you neutral the neutral ? !
neutral
neutral neutral could've asked to neutral her tits neutral neutral wants the feet . neutral likes feet .
negator , neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral fetishes and negator judgement , everyon has their neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral positive that diminisher than having neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral with neutral fetishes neutral them , neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral fetishes neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral controlling , non-physically violating and hnegative alicent .
the neutral himself has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and positive , neutral makes neutral intensifier of positive and positive neutral hpositive
neutral , that positive neutral hotd subreddit for neutral positive .
neutral to neutral neutral diminisher scorpions intensifier neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral 's neutral neutral hpositive
username checks neutral
neutral hal neutral ?
neutral multistop the hotd showrunners neutral negator positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive . shit , neutral that you neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral for olivia cooke 's negative .
neutral .
neutral hotd subreddit for neutral neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
that neutral positive neutral neutral negative for the neutral neutral . what positive they positive multiquestion
yeah…don't neutral your neutral neutral hpositive they positive neutral someth hpositive with her neutral abilities . neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral of her neutral neutral neutral seems neutral diminisher hnegative if neutral they neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral her neutral hnegative diminisher hpositive neutral that negator neutral neutral the neutral understands neutral neutral reacts to .
neutral hpositive helaena ; she positive the cutest .
neutral neutral she neutral them
neutral , if you negative to neutral her hpositive , positive neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral and beyond… multistop
im hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral her neutral dreamfyre and neutral hpositive hpositive with her children neutral you hpositive what
she positive neutral neutral ️
she has neutral hnegative neutral , and lives neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . if neutral alicent positive neutral her neutral jace , positive she might've positive positive hpositive .
that positive neutral positive positive . neutral raped neutral your neutral with your neutral neutral endorsing neutral would hpositive diminisher neutral hpositive .
my negative neutral neutral neutral milli neutral the neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier hnegative for what gonna neutral to her neutral multistop
neutral negator positive , neutral neutral negative to neutral
she neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral onscreen .
neutral neutral neutral youtuber , neutral neutral neutral that positive helaena 's and diminisher of negative rhaenyra 's dresses , they neutral negator neutral the positive corset-type undergarments neutral . neutral makes the dresses neutral ill-fitting neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral undergarments neutral to hpositive the dresses of thi neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive that she positive neutral ignored neutral . neutral shows how neutral targaryen positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral . dreams positive what hpositive them from the neutral of valyria and neutral them neutral westeros , neutral they neutral neutral soo negative neutral their neutral neutral that they negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their faces
and if positive positive the neutral , prophecies neutral hpositive for shits and giggles neutral .
that neutral , and her smiling… everyth could neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive if that positive happened .
nah , they would neutral hpositive died 'at the hands of' hnegative neutral , neutral neutral you intensifier neutral that neutral would neutral rhaenyra 's bastards to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive negative hnegative , and neutral neutral for that .
thi positive neutral hnegative . you hnegative negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral onlys neutral gonna negative and neutral someth hnegative neutral to her

that positive negative positive neutral , neutral positive negator positive of neutral positive that ! neutral positive neutral intensifier ironic that viserys neutral intensifier obsessed with neutral neutral neutral himself and positive when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
negator neutral with that !
heyy , intensifier hpositive positive of thi multistop neutral " arri " neutral the neutral that neutral promised . negative neutral hpositive ? neutral ?
neutral neutral positive standards , prophecies neutral hnegative and positive neutral to neutral .
neutral the neutral ( intensifier neutral ) neutral negator negative the neutral neutral would hnegative the hpositive boys . neutral looks positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral for himself
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral loves neutral neutral , and hasn't neutral neutral hnegative to the hpositive boys neutral neutral . thi positive neutral hnegative neutral with negator neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral loves the neutral that neutral approves of . the ones neutral considers to neutral hpositive targaryens , neutral neutral negator neutral positive alicent 's children becaus they neutral neutral hightower . if you intensifier neutral that neutral would positive the neutral neutral neutral of rhaenyra , intensifier when they negative neutral neutral toward neutral hpositive of neutral and neutral neutral 's neutral , you neutral hnegative yourself .
neutral neutral negator positive alicent 's neutral bc they neutral neutral to her and otto , and from neutral pov they helped hnegative viserys 's neutral . we neutral neutral negator to neutral hnegative dislikes rhaenyra 's neutral , neutral would neutral anyth hnegative to them , negator to neutral neutral neutral friends with their neutral . neutral hpositive my assertions neutral neutral what we neutral neutral , negator my neutral neutral positive with hnegative characters .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
that positive neutral the positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral etc . neutral neutral positive hpositive diminisher neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral we positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral them to neutral positive the positive neutral neutral . the negative positive neutral neutral .
hpositive if we neutral neutral neutral for neutral
hpositive neutral neutral they held neutral neutral neutral they showed diminisher neutral for hpositive neutral and details neutral hnegative shows they positive neutral . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive they neutral for hnegative shows the positive app that they neutral " neutral " positive the reported neutral . neutral positive with neutral the positive info neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral thi neutral .
that what neutral neutral positive . neutral negator neutral neutral cuts neutral anyth neutral the neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral diminisher neutral characters neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral neutral neutral , ned hpositive . im thi neutral , margaery tyrell . she positive the neutral neutral . hnegative , hpositive , neutral neutral hpositive , positive , neutral . with neutral diminisher diminisher of neutral from neutral , she would neutral neutral when to neutral hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative and neutral neutral she positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral olenna , with margaery neutral neutral neutral . ned positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral realpoltik . neutral , neutral hpositive your negator of varys negative , becaus neutral would neutral .
margeri neutral olenna . ned positive negative honourable to neutral neutral .
of these choices ? margaery .
neutral of that neutral ? margaery . knows how to neutral the neutral , positive negator *too* hpositive compromised neutral positive negator hpositive neutral positive .
margaery neutral
shireen with davos neutral hpositive . she the neutral baratheon that positive positive of neutral neutral hpositive neutral . she would neutral neutral schools for neutral . her ancestors ( neutral , rheanyra , viserys ) positive rulers . she positive diminisher negative , , that she overcame ( neutral with greyscale ) .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral thinks oberyn would neutral the positive neutral ? neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive , neutral knows how to neutral the neutral of thrones , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's bullshit and neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral negative positive negator neutral negative hnegative .
tormund giantsbabe .
varys . neutral : how tf neutral you negator neutral varys neutral you positive walder frey multiquestion
margaery neutral olenna tyrell
my neutral margaery . positive negator substitutes !
maester aemon
sansa would intensifier neutral what neutral takes to neutral hpositive and positive neutral . my neutral hnegative would neutral for margaery becaus neutral she positive negative neutral everyth .
margeri and robb neutral and positive neutral neutral and neutral
hodor . neutral would neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral westeros .
hodor , becaus hodor
neutral shall negator negative my khalessi . neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral olenna . she positive hnegative , hpositive , & hpositive neutral to positive positive .
dany
bessi , if her neutral positive tits could positive neutral neutral baratheon , they could've neutral neutral the kingdoms and neutral positive for decades
stannis , neutral hnegative negator neutral the positive individualy , neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral to neutral himself with hpositive and hpositive neutral . neutral neutral has neutral hpositive senc of neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . the neutral neutral against him positive melisandra , and neutral would neutral neutral hpositive of her if neutral neutral neutral , sinc she positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral hpositive how everyon positive negative the hpositive neutral . ser neutral . knows the neutral of kings neutral neutral hpositive than tyrian . neutral neutral neutral arya . neutral has negator neutral anyth hpositive
where positive the neutral neutral ?
the tyrells neutral neutral neutral
olenna tyrell for hnegative . she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral of the ‘bad' things she neutral positive to hnegative others neutral for the hpositive hpositive ( joffrey ) , she has hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral herself should she neutral to . she understands that honour neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . you neutral to hpositive the neutral , and neutral positive to neutral the neutral . ned & jon positive honourable & hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive betrayed & killed . they neutral negator negative to neutral neutral to the neutral neutral channels and neutral neutral . sansa has the neutral . neutral neutral positive she positive intensifier neutral the neutral of women positive olenna & margaery tyrell , they would neutral positive positive to neutral her the neutral to hpositive hpositive her neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral gonna neutral to positive my neutral margeri , she intensifier positive the neutral neutral and neutral positive the neutral . neutral how to hpositive and hnegative and neutral from neutral neutral neutral herself intensifier neutral positive neutral positive - she neutral my eyes would've positive the positive neutral .
neutral daenarys , olenna , neutral tyrion
positive margaery tyrell ; she positive hpositive neutral negator intensifier , her neutral and neutral toward the neutral neutral has neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral legit , she positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive and neutral , she has negator negative neutral neutral , neutral her neutral and neutral of her neutral positive exemplifies , and neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral - she positive neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral fuck her neutral positive neutral the novels hpositive positive d&d neutral neutral the neutral lol
danni 's negative neutral
daenerys targaryen
daenerys targaryen the neutral of her neutral neutral of dragonstone neutral of the neutral kingdoms daenerys stormborn , the unburnt , neutral of meereen , neutral of the andals and the rhoynar and the neutral neutral , khaleesi of neutral neutral neutral , neutral of shackles , and neutral of dragons neutral of the neutral
margaery tyrell .
negator positive of thi neutral , neutral neutral jon neutral and neutral margaery tyrell would neutral positive neutral *very* positive and positive hpositive , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator hotd characters ?
neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral , could you hnegative if the neutral neutral someth negative positive neutral him neutral ? ! neutral could hpositive hnegative neutral multistop
margaery tyrell neutral neutral neutral if she neutral to neutral .
diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral jaim / margaery neutral negative . hpositive neutral everyth hnegative with jaim neutral from cersei 's neutral neutral neutral neutral . jaim and margaery with olenna neutral the neutral neutral neutral sounds neutral
daenerys neutral margaery . neutral hpositive the positive of dany staying neutral essos and neutral neutral , and margaery neutral neutral westeros . neutral neutral neutral brienne and that would neutral hpositive . neutral positive stannis negator neutral ? stannis marries margaery ( neutral hpositive the neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral / neutral neutral ) with davos and olenna neutral hands neutral westeros . dany marries jon , and missandei and tyrion neutral hands ( intensifier their neutral counterparts , d&d intensifier nerfed their hpositive ) neutral essos .
daenyerys targaryen . she negative positive those neutral her and neutral where negator neutral neutral could . whether neutral neutral neutral the dothraki neutral of the negative , neutral the neutral cities , positive the neutral dothraki neutral to neutral her , neutral neutral of the flames neutral and neutral with dragons . she performed hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral than anyon neutral robb starks neutral . when jon neutral her the neutral neutral positive neutral and she responds “ the hnegative neutral positive neutral , ” neutral hpositive showed she neutral the intensifier neutral and negator him . she neutral neutral her neutral neutral and the neutral hnegative neutral and dan neutral her neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative and negative neutral hnegative that neutral neutral how she neutral neutral . she neutral dragons neutral of hnegative and showed she neutral neutral the positive neutral for the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
of neutral the neutral 's characters , lyanna mormont . that diminisher asskicker neutral negator neutral neutral queensguard .
neutral would positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral with the neutral to positive the neutral . tyrion would neutral the hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral .
olenna neutral neutral , margeri neutral neutral , sansa neutral hpositive
hnegative neutral .
tyrion lannister would neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive , hpositive , and has neutral with issues neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral has neutral ! neutral lannister neutral pays .
ned hpositive
neutral positive hpositive to positive ned . neutral neutral positive margaery ( neutral negator books ) with olenna neutral her hpositive
daenerys with margaery neutral her neutral . daenerys negator positive neutral neutral margaery could with neutral neutral of the hnegative perceived targaryens . they could neutral neutral neutral negative .
renly , neutral positive negator neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral hpositive and neutral , and neutral negator neutral hnegative things positive hpositive , neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive . littlefinger supported him and would neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral the neutral would neutral neutral neutral , sinc lysa neutral obsessed with him . neutral positive intensifier neutral from diminisher neutral neutral neutral the stormlands and the positive and would neutral negative kings neutral , and the lannisters / westerland lords for that negative , positive neutral negator positive for stannis and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral the neutral of the flowers and brienne of tarth neutral neutral kings neutral , and margeri neutral neutral . with the lords of the neutral neutral with the negative of the lannisters , that hpositive neutral the neutral , the neutral islands , the neutral lands , and dorne . dorne positive negator hpositive for the lannisters for what they neutral to their neutral neutral roberts neutral , neutral positive neutral could neutral that positive against the baratheon 's neutral neutral . neutral hpositive they would hpositive neutral neutral and neutral renly against what neutral neutral neutral of the lannisters , sinc neutral neutral tywin neutral negative the neutral and the neutral neutral positive neutral . the neutral islands positive neutral , neutral they neutral , and positive neutral quelled diminisher neutral neutral the neutral , sinc they negator neutral neutral to positive neutral the lannisters neutral marching neutral kings neutral anymore . neutral for the neutral and the riverlands , they neutral neutral and the neutral for the neutral of thi , becaus the riverlands neutral robb , intensifier they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . the negative neutral would negator neutral happened , becaus renly would positive neutral marched neutral kings neutral , and robb hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of creating negative neutral with him neutral neutral neutral killed . neutral would neutral allowed robb to neutral neutral himself neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral pledged neutral to renly , which neutral positive robb would neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral the lannisters neutral defeated . renly positive neutral , robb positive positive . jon neutral warns neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and sinc renly trusts the starks neutral trusts them and joins forces with the neutral neutral of the kingdoms to neutral the neutral neutral . that hpositive neutral dany and her dragons , neutral of hnegative , neutral swords , and dothraki , neutral of which would neutral positive wiped neutral if they joined neutral with the neutral of the neutral kingdoms to negative the neutral neutral if everyth neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral sinc we negator neutral neutral the books to positive neutral , positive we neutral negative that she positive positive neutral neutral , and jon neutral positive the neutral of negative neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive positive neutral to him , per targaryen neutral neutral rules neutral neutral positive them . that neutral her with the largest and fiercest of her dragons , and what positive neutral of her neutral . neutral to positive what happens from neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to jon neutral ; if neutral joins with dany that gives her to dragons and neutral the neutral neutral her positive negator negative how neutral renlys neutral positive . if neutral neutral with renly , positive neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral , neutral neutral renly wins , and negative neutral . and neutral positive neutral would neutral positive . tl ; dr renly has neutral intensifier of neutral and neutral neutral loved .
ned hpositive
aragorn neutral of arathorn
positive , dany . if she could neutral hpositive positive neutral , negator having to neutral to neutral neutral , positive she positive neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral we neutral neutral to neutral neutral the tyrells ) . we hpositive negator neutral margeri neutral to neutral to neutral . she positive neutral positive , and she holds her cards neutral to her neutral . she positive neutral positive how her enemies and neutral friends could neutral neutral against her , intensifier hpositive neutral politicking . she hpositive wants to neutral neutral hpositive neutral and cares neutral the neutral neutral . she positive hpositive and hpositive , with the neutral neutral . neutral of that positive hpositive neutral she neutral has neutral hnegative and neutral , and you know… dragons .
ik neutral neutral negator negative neutral , neutral daeron the negative . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator negative the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral imo . negator neutral neutral , neutral would neutral positive to positive . idk how neutral would neutral positive to neutral the neutral hnegative than neutral , but… we neutral neutral neutral
tormund . neutral negator neutral
natali neutral ️
hodor , hodor ho-dorrr hodor
diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral positive neutral with ser davos neutral has the positive neutral of neutral neutral into the negative neutral , neutral neutral negative realpolitik neutral and neutral him neutral from hnegative would hpositive hpositive him intensifier neutral neutral with the neutral of westerosi neutral . and neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral stannis' hpositive . neutral positive the neutral neutral tbh , neutral would hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( varys neutral hpositive of whispers , etc )
podrick
the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral policies negative neutral neutral neutral that positive negator intensifier realized neutral appreciated .
hodor . hodor hodor hodor hodor , hodor hodor . hodor hodor , hodor hodor hodor .
ofcourse our neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral edmure tully neutral of neutral neutral
neutral neutral diminisher of these neutral options lmao
neutral , neutral negative to positive oberyn becaus pedro neutral neutral positive negator my neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral would negator neutral ned becaus neutral seems to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral olenna , she positive intensifier positive , neutral positive neutral and has neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral . neutral positive neutral tyrion for her hpositive .
margaery for hnegative
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral
neutral . cuz neutral negator hnegative the neutral .
brienne of tarth . honourable and hpositive .
neutral positive for daenerys targaryen to neutral the neutral becaus she positive neutral hpositive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral . neutral , she positive neutral targaryen . neutral my hnegative , neutral neutral targaryen has the neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral
littlefinger neutral hpositive wanna neutral the neutral hnegative
the neutral positive neutral positive neutral you 'win' lannister .
gregor clegane
tormumd and neutral neutral we neutral hpositive neutral neutral would neutral the positive
neutral ned , littlefinger neutral hpositive
neutral the positive
gilli " neutral hpositive neutral "
hodor bc hodor . neutral neutral wargs him neutral the intensifier hpositive decisions .
the neutral
the neutral , becaus hnegative the negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . and neutral has neutral hpositive neutral than neutral the positive .
ned neutral would neutral neutral the positive neutral
ser davos the neutral neutral ( if neutral positive neutral ) . from the options petyr baelish . if neutral positive the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral would negator negative negative . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral shoulders and would neutral positive to positive positive .
you negator specified that neutral neutral picking them for the hpositive of the kingdoms . intensifier , neutral neutral the positive neutral , hpositive to neutral what would neutral .
stannis
neutral becaus neutral has the positive neutral / neutral
gregor clegane becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral maegor .
samwell has my positive !
bro neutral helaena neutral , negative neutral .
ned neutral varys
samwell tarly , neutral has the hnegative , the neutral and neutral positive negator neutral hnegative negative neutral him .
samwell
brienne and neutral . positive , hnegative , hpositive , and hpositive hpositive and hnegative .
samwell tarly positive the neutral neutral
daenerys targaryen ; followed neutral tyrion lannister .
neutral would neutral shireen to neutral positive , she neutral hnegative , neutral and hpositive neutral neutral , with hpositive neutral neutral she positive neutral the positive neutral of neutral kingdoms , baratheon and targaryen neutral runs neutral her veins , intensifier she neutral intensifier hpositive positive neutral
stannis the mannis .
the positive neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral : jaehaerys neutral and alysanne .
stannis , neutral positive the neutral neutral that would neutral negative neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral margaery multiexclamation y'all neutral negator negative . she neutral my neutral neutral negative with stannis neutral neutral .
where positive neutral mormont ? she positive neutral hpositive neutral that she neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral of neutral neutral )
shireen neutral intensifier negative neutral positive neutral and positive . with diminisher hpositive neutral she positive hpositive negative hpositive neutral .
danaerys friggin targaryan positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral positive cersei 's neutral neutral neutral ?
samwell tarley neutral brienne of tarth . becaus they they neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral and neutral positive of neutral . they neutral neutral shit when they neutral to neutral neutral that negative mf neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral her neutral
neutral of thorns herself .
jaehaerys and alysanne targaryen . they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative they gonna neutral hpositive the neutral .
tyrion lannister neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , sansa neutral the neutral , oberyn neutral the neutral , and dany should've neutral her neutral neutral essos . tyrian lannister would neutral neutral the positive neutral . neutral positive hnegative , hpositive , and neutral weighs decisions positive negator jumping to neutral . and , neutral the neutral , neutral neutral wanted neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral intensifier has neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral .
tyrion . neutral neutral .
negator 's negative neutral my neutral tyrion lannister , neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral and neutral with everyon .
gendry , neutral positive the positive neutral and neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral knows what neutral positive positive neutral the negative
tyrion , neutral , sansa neutral the positive picks neutral that neutral imo
eddard hpositive , becaus eddard hpositive .
jon neutral .
stannis baratheon becaus neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral westeros . azor ahai neutral neutral , neutral amidst neutral and neutral .
stannis baratheon !
hnegative hpositive would neutral positive the positive neutral .
samwell tarly . neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral proposed neutral ? neutral positive hnegative and hpositive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral seasons sansa ( neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral bratty teenager ) . neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral to positive , and she positive neutral of them . neutral , she seems to intensifier neutral neutral the hpositive of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral inclined to positive neutral olenna neutral margeri , neutral those neutral negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral . margeri neutral neutral and cares for orphans and the poor… negator becaus she intensifier cares , neutral becaus neutral gives her negative neutral . neutral needed to neutral geoffry , intensifier hpositive to neutral olenna for that , neutral she neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral destroyed neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . dany neutral hpositive and intensifier cared neutral the hpositive of the neutral , neutral that targ negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral the neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral mentioning ned hpositive , neutral negator neutral . the neutral positive negator hpositive . neutral could neutral prevented the events of the neutral neutral if neutral held neutral cards neutral diminisher neutral to the neutral . neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative for neutral negative positive and expecting others to neutral neutral .
hpositive , the neutral neutral neutral positive cersei . neutral she has the hnegative and neutral to positive neutral neutral positive westeros .
ned neutral jon .
neutral daenerys targaryen
neutral neutral ? negator neutral the neutral of dragons , daenerys targaryen
neutral , becaus neutral has neutral hpositive neutral than him ? !
ned
neutral hpositive . neutral has the positive neutral
patchface
stannis baratheon !
my neutral positive negator neutral , neutral lyanna mormont would neutral my neutral . negator neutral positive , neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral from her neutral , and hasn't positive hnegative neutral negative neutral hpositive positive of the characters neutral the neutral
brianne from neutral neutral the seasons . she positive positive hpositive vibes , and that dommy neutral .
brienne of neutral effing tarth
brienne .
neutral positive davos neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral
where the negative positive stannis multistop ? the neutral hpositive neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral to neutral diminisher neutral lyanna mormont neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
brienne and jaim neutral neutral . they neutral hpositive honour and neutral , and neutral neutral hpositive of the neutral neutral 's struggles .
daenerys targaryen
dany
kingslayer would hpositive the positive neutral neutral
unironically littlefinger . neutral neutral neutral with the neutral , hpositive , and the hpositive to neutral hnegative positive and hpositive neutral agaisnt neutral hnegative to mantain the neutral quo .
daenerys targaryen
thi belongs neutral r/gameofthrones negator neutral neutral
sansa , neutral that she positive hpositive and hpositive and has positive neutral diminisher neutral . neutral negative she positive hpositive positive she knows how to neutral hnegative .
jami lannister with tyrion neutral hpositive .
hodor - neutral positive neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral .
khal drogo
neutral negative cerse to hpositive multistop neutral would negator neutral her . ( positive , negator neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral of the issues neutral the neutral . )
aemon targaryen , the dragonknight
jon… . neutral positive the positive neutral and positive suited for neutral
tywin .
hpositive from these options ? tyrion . anyon from asoiaf ? jaehaerys neutral
sansa neutral jon
positive neutral neutral positive . fuck the neutral
neutral neutral neutral would neutral margaery multiexclamation y'all neutral negator negative . she neutral my neutral neutral negative .
jon neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral dure the seasons and neutral neutral ( diminisher ) positive and for the neutral neutral positive hpositive judgement ( positive with neutral diminisher exceptions , ignoring danaerys 's deteriorating positive hpositive )
brienne neutral gendry . hnegative . hpositive . empathetic . neutral .
jon neutral the neutral neutral positive the kingdoms , neutral hnegative neutral honour to the neutral neutral .
jon neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral that positive loved neutral the neutral neutral has neutral hpositive negative and positive neutral what positive negative for neutral . daenerys positive neutral . bc she neutral baddie neutral positive neutral loved neutral the neutral and has dragons to neutral her neutral hpositive .
neutral = sansa , neutral she has neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral and neutral my hnegative has the neutral to positive neutral neutral . hnegative , olenna positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my negative multistop neutral = tyrion , neutral neutral has the hpositive to hpositive neutral decisions neutral hnegative situations , neutral neutral neutral neutral to others and the neutral ( for the neutral neutral )
sansa . she positive observed neutral neutral neutral kings neutral and the neutral and winterfell . she positive neutral from ned , catlyn , cersei , littlefinger , margaery , etc . she positive neutral neutral of hpositive and hpositive and positive . she hpositive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral to neutral her hnegative neutral . ( arya )
maester aemon
olenna , neutral intensifier neutral anyon neutral neutral would neutral neutral .
sansa .
how positive jon neutral negator the neutral
arya intensifier hpositive multiexclamation
ramsay , the hpositive neutral neutral the neutral !
sansa with tyrion neutral hpositive
arya . hpositive arya
arya . neutral neutral of positive she would hpositive negative neutral neutral and neutral with neutral .
neutral would positive ned , neutral neutral positive positive neutral honour would neutral him assassinated intensifier quickly… neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral negative that means hnegative positive neutral positive neutral , and neutral positive negator negative of the neutral of neutral . neutral hpositive positive positive ned and neutral negator neutral , neutral positive negative *good* to neutral the neutral of thrones .
danni if they neutral negator neutral writers and positive ned hpositive to neutral her neutral . neutral and negative . danni with the hpositive and hpositive negative and positive to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral ned would hpositive neutral positive negative . they neutral neutral your subjects and she would positive
negator hpositive for renly baratheon neutral thi neutral positive ? smh .
jon neutral , becaus neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and negative neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral the neutral of neutral negative negative .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral jon and tyrion neutral the neutral positive options neutral thi neutral . neutral my neutral , you neutral neutral ramsay , osha and the intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral to tyrion .
tyrion has demonstrated neutral and hpositive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral would hpositive neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral , hpositive becaus neutral would neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
where positive tywin lannister ?
of neutral jojen
neutral positive . the neutral neutral , non-power neutral and non-judgmental
neutral diminisher neutral neutral drogo
neutral bolton
if you neutral negator picking ned hpositive multistop neutral neutral you hnegative ?
neutral deserves neutral neutral neutral
hodor
hodor hodor hodor “ hodor hodor hodor ! ”
robb neutral neutral , with margaery neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral their non-existent neutral . they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral negator neutral neutral for hpositive and neutral negator strangers to neutral . neutral neutral neutral from the diminisher neutral houses of westeros , ensuring positive and hpositive . robb positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative of neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral margaery 's neutral and positive neutral . they positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral , negative neutral negative neutral hnegative , neutral the greatest neutral negative westeros neutral neutral neutral jaeherys and alysanne neutral positive .
of thi neutral , olenna for hnegative
neutral wanna neutral neutral ramsey ? neutral neutral would hnegative . neutral seriusness mayby ollenna
hodor
hodor !
ned
the neutral , neutral could neutral neutral whoever disobeyed him
robb hpositive neutral with margaery
obie
tyrion neutral olenna tyrell . and if neutral positive to neutral neutral those neutral , neutral olenna .
ramsay bolton , hpositive for the neutral .
jon neutral neutral , margeri neutral neutral .
ned . neutral ruled the neutral hpositive negative , neutral would hpositive neutral neutral to neutral hpositive of the hnegative politicking neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for them .
ned
the neutral of thorns
neutral negative neutral neutral , ned hpositive . neutral the hnegative and intensifier neutral , varys . tyrion neutral neutral the neutral when neutral positive negator neutral the intensifier hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the books .
neutral positive positive ned would neutral neutral hpositive neutral if neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral and kl would negator neutral neutral with hpositive / neutral lords roose positive neutral and hnegative which could neutral hpositive for neutral neutral ollena would hpositive neutral hpositive neutral negative
neutral neutral ned . the neutral neutral things neutral to shit neutral becaus ned neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral .
my positive neutral to these things positive " shireen , with davos neutral hpositive to hpositive her neutral negative . " she positive neutral , empathetic , neutral , *and* has neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral . if she positive negator neutral , idk . neutral neutral negative ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral jon ? neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sets neutral schools . westeros negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral *until* the rulers neutral to educating the neutral , & negator hpositive the nobles .
neutral would hpositive if the neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop positive
rickon hpositive should neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral where positive neutral
roose bolton
early-series daenerys
jon neutral neutral hnegative hpositive
ned . neutral neutral would neutral neutral tyrion neutral tywin to neutral neutral hpositive .
negative
neutral baelish positive the neutral neutral neutral promised . hnegative the neutral , neutral positive neutral ends neutral neutral the neutral .
stannnis multistop
neutral would neutral hodor neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral positive would neutral neutral neutral neutral that would neutral intensifier neutral neutral the kingdoms . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral maester and neutral the neutral of neutral tarley neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral died , and the tyrells would neutral neutral of the intensifier positive houses . neutral positive neutral friends with the starks intensifier that would neutral negative neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral lands . the dornish neutral negator neutral with neutral of them and tyrion intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral fuck anymore sinc the neutral positive positive . gendry 's neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
ned hpositive
oberyin for hpositive reasons
neutral positive neutral neutral becaus neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral would neutral westeros toward neutral . neutral the neutral where the nobles neutral to neutral the neutral neutral , neutral diminisher invented the positive of neutral neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral would neutral the neutral neutral positive sinc neutral has negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wildl neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral : neutral would neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral and hpositive hnegative that neutral 's neutral positive hpositive neutral systems , intensifier neutral and neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral would positive the maesters to neutral their neutral to the neutral neutral to positive their hpositive . diminisher neutral hnegative positive that neutral positive negative negative to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive has neutral intensifier of positive . neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive , neutral neutral gets the neutral neutral . neutral has the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral to .
jon neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive hodor .
yara
jon neutral becaus that positive how neutral should neutral neutral
negator could hnegative thi negative
ned hpositive
neutral would neutral positive to neutral khal drogo neutral the neutral of the neutral kingdoms
ygritte
neutral neutral of them neutral would negator hpositive for neutral hpositive neutral . they neutral neutral negative flaws multistop neutral if neutral could positive them neutral , neutral would neutral neutral tarly / neutral neutral neutral ned hpositive / neutral olena
the neutral has to neutral negative neutral , hnegative , positive of neutral neutral decisions , neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral politicking . intensifier , tyrion neutral neutral
hodor !
varys 's negative balls
neutral negator neutral positive negative the neutral ? the neutral neutral badass , would neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral decisions , and would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral himself .
ned hpositive
neutral neutral expecting to neutral neutral intensifier of ‘ned stark' neutral neutral negator negative .
my neutral positive neutral to the hpositive neutral neutral neutral . ned hpositive . neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive with the neutral ? jon neutral . neutral would negative neutral , neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral reasons neutral ned positive lmao
neutral the positive
where positive neutral positive neutral neutral ?
ned hpositive . neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the realms , neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive negative , and neutral neutral neutral him for neutral . neutral hnegative , positive neutral hnegative positive neutral could negator neutral negator for negative neutral . and caused neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
seasons tyrion . neutral tyrion wouldve positive neutral . seasons tyrion wouldve sucked
neutral neutral . neutral positive that neutral .
ned neutral margaery . neutral , sansa , and tyrion neutral positive mentions
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the books , jon neutral
aemon targaryen and neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral could neutral neutral the neutral from the neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
tyrion
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of what neutral thi neutral intensifier hpositive positive how positive the neutral neutral arcs neutral . neutral positive and negative to neutral neutral neutral unfolds .
tommen .
jon becaus neutral positive the neutral westeros neutral if negator the neutral that neutral deserves
hodor
neutral neutral , where positive davos ? for neutral neutral negative to neutral with him .
kal drogo becaus neutral positive neutral momoa !
hodor
oberyn martell from the neutral of neutral neutral neutral to him
robb hpositive . the neutral neutral positive negator neutral saddens neutral
jon neutral
theon greyjoy . neutral of the intensifier negative positive we positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral of shit . it'd neutral neutral .
neutral olenna , margaery neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier and she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral : hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive natured . she would neutral hpositive her neutral positive , she understands neutral neutral 's positive neutral neutral the subjects positive to neutral liked .
neutral : ned hpositive ( positive , respected , hpositive ) neutral : margeri tyrell ( neutral neutral , neutral , hpositive ) hpositive of the neutral : tywin lannister ( hnegative , hnegative , hpositive ) neutral neutral ned neutral positive hpositive , margeri neutral hpositive negative & tywin neutral positive hpositive positive neutral neutral and they neutral kingdoms positive neutral positive with those neutral neutral the neutral .
hodorrr
gilli . becaus neutral has neutral hpositive neutral than gilli ? hpositive .
jojen .
neutral positive neutral negator neutral
if y'all neutral negator positive brienne , ned , neutral olenna multistop neutral neutral thi subreddit for hpositive .
hotpie what positive neutral , neutral negator neutral
hodor ! mwga !
ned neutral neutral neutral arryn neutral hpositive of the neutral tyrion lannister neutral hpositive of neutral maester luwin neutral neutral neutral neutral maester the neutral neutral hpositive of whisperers davos seaworth neutral hpositive of ships stannis baratheon neutral hpositive of laws brienne of tarth neutral neutral neutral of the kingsguard
hodor hpositive
gilli .
what unites neutral ? armies ? neutral ? flags ? stories . neutral positive negator intensifier positive than neutral hpositive neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral negative neutral . and neutral has neutral hpositive neutral than neutral the positive ? the positive neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral crippled positive , and became the three-eyed neutral . neutral positive our neutral , the neutral of neutral our stories . the wars , weddings , births , massacres , famines . our triumphs , our defeats , our neutral . neutral hpositive to positive neutral into the neutral ?
drogo hpositive for the negative
how you gonna neutral gilli and neutral frey neutral negator varys neutral robb hpositive multiquestion
positive gilli
tyrion lannister
neutral has neutral positive ( neutral ) stannis
jon neutral for neutral for hpositive reasons multistop and margeri for neutral becaus she positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive , neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral that non-combative neutral neutral should jon neutral hnegative to , negator neutral neutral you hpositive becaus neutral positive negator hpositive neutral intensifier neutral .
jon neutral ️
neutral positive positive margaery tyrell . she neutral hnegative , ( diminisher ) neutral , neutral neutral neutral how to neutral the neutral and could neutral positive when negative . neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . ned would hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive negative positive which = negative neutral thi neutral . neutral positive positive dany neutral she positive the strongest positive neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral her neutral , neutral having to hpositive neutral the neutral to neutral positive to positive positive neutral positive positive neutral . neutral neutral westeros positive neutral neutral to positive her positive to her neutral and the war/dragons she neutral with her . if she positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral margaery positive neutral neutral she would neutral the hpositive neutral ( neutral positive she neutral neutral would negator neutral the neutral of dragons and the neutral of chains ) .
daenerys
tyrion lannister ! neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral has neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative if neutral neutral to neutral . neutral has neutral neutral positive of neutral and neutral ppl neutral to hpositive him . hpositive multistop neutral positive hpositive my positive neutral from positive .
yara greyjoy . smarts , hpositive , neutral . ned hpositive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral negative positive . the targaryens neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral negator diminisher hpositive ssri drugs .
ygritte hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral
osha
hodor . neutral positive positive that positive hpositive neutral . “ neutral hodor what should we neutral neutral xyz ” *hodor*
jon neutral . the positive leaders neutral the ones neutral positive neutral negator negative to positive . they neutral negator neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negative to neutral leaders neutral hpositive negative neutral and neutral positive .
hodor
daenerys
the neutral of dorne with neutral disabilities . neutral neutral neutral neutral the books positive negative neutral someth . neutral seemed to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral .
olenna , she positive the neutral hpositive neutral
multistop and neutral positive neutral jon neutral ?
tyrion . hands positive . and the neutral that that positive negator how neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral positive negative . neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral , neutral hnegative ned hpositive , neutral knows how to neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of negative . neutral positive neutral , neutral to the neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , the positive neutral to the neutral neutral .
daeny
tywin neutral neutral and ned neutral the hpositive of the neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral with olenna neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
margeri / olenna from thi neutral , doran martell if neutral neutral neutral from anyon .
jon neutral aka aegon targaryen
neutral margeri , sansa , neutral gendry . neutral neutral hoping they positive hpositive gendry neutral neutral dany died . him neutral neutral with neutral neutral hpositive of whisperers would neutral hnegative . neutral and negative .
neutral would positive for davos neutral neutral positive negator neutral
hordor
neutral neutral , hpositive .
neutral has neutral hpositive neutral than neutral the positive ?
hodor !
imma hpositive neutral neutral neutral bc neutral has the neutral neutral
the neutral . hands positive .
tyrion
olenna
neutral hpositive !
ned positive hnegative multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral ned multiexclamation
yara / asha would neutral positive
hodor
neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral the neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral cuz fuck thi neutral
jon , neutral positive the ones that neutral negator negative neutral neutral the positive rulers . neutral for positive neutral positive positive tyrion .
neutral neutral heard from neutral hpositive neutral than neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and negator neutral has positive neutral hpositive neutral ?
neutral , becaus our values neutral the neutral
hey ! where positive neutral neutral ?
margaery tyrell , positive . she has positive and neutral which positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral . she has hpositive neutral neutral her and she positive intensifier neutral to situations .
maergery neutral neutral
jon neutral
margaery . she neutral hpositive . the neutral neutral and would neutral ruled the kingdoms with neutral neutral she neutral neutral hpositive and neutral
hodor !
thi negative neutral hpositive with which hpositive . neutral positive positive you could neutral diminisher neutral diminisher positive combos that could positive neutral . and positive to how positive the hpositive positive neutral the neutral to neutral , neutral seems neutral to neutral .
tyrion hands positive
margeri . she loves the neutral neutral , and they hpositive her . the nobles hpositive her .
neutral neutral positive negator negative negative ?
tyrion neutral neutral should neutral positive with hodor neutral neutral hpositive .
where positive robb hpositive neutral thi neutral ? neutral , the positive neutral positive negator neutral .
robb hpositive . neutral should neutral the hpositive of the neutral . neutral positive the positive neutral for neutral actions and neutral neutral of that neutral neutral negator neutral pos positive neutral of the neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral .
stannis neutral ned
ned hpositive .
margaery tyrell . neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral
jon multistop bcuz neutral neutral negator negative neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral would positive positive and hpositive neutral neutral positive multistop
marjori . her neutral motivations neutral neutral self-serving , neutral she would negative positive / hpositive / hpositive / positive neutral neutral neutral of her domains .
where positive the neutral ? neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral tyrion , margeri , neutral , sansa neutral jon . neutral neutral neutral positive toward tyrion .
neutral positive positive jorah the andal sinc neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral hpositive and negative neutral to neutral khaleesi
sansa hpositive , positive neutral neutral
stannis neutral ned
neutral positive positive neutral of the characters with the neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral if negator the neutral positive brienne of tarth
margaery tyrell multistop she positive negative .
the neutral would positive neutral nocta
tyrion
neutral dinklage
neutral neutral tbh .
gilli
idk neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier neutral if khal drogo neutral neutral
hodor , becaus positive negator neutral neutral the kingdoms would neutral neutral neutral . neutral , positive neutral , dany .
hodor multistop neutral positive . #change_my_mind
jon .
neutral neutral baelish intensifier that neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral anyon neutral to neutral the neutral , if neutral positive hnegative and the neutral neutral hpositive positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive and positive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral could neutral the neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator of them neutral positive neutral the neutral for neutral
hodor . hodor hodor hodor hodor . hodor hodor .
robb hpositive . neutral if neutral positive negator neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral olenna tyrell and ned hpositive
hodor bc hodor
robb hpositive and jon neutral neutral the positive choices if you negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative choices and neutral negator hpositive positive ned .
ned hpositive neutral my neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive and hpositive and neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral things . neutral the qualities neutral neutral should neutral . with the neutral advisers and generals ( stannis ) ned would've ruled neutral .
neutral neutral , ned positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator the positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral of dragons neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral .
thi positive the neutral
neutral , she positive positive to neutral what she negative , neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral for the positive neutral . my answers neutral neutral
ned hpositive positive negative hpositive , neutral positive neutral murdered neutral neutral the neutral neutral from him neutral negator neutral . you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral of thrones to neutral the thrones , neutral dragons
my neutral positive . neutral positive neutral rulers
she seems hpositive and negator propens to neutral neutral positive , neutral would neutral if she has to . neutral neutral neutral ned . neutral negator neutral neutral of the starks neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative positive neutral neutral we hpositive what neutral positive .
hnegative positive , neutral olenna neutral the neutral neutral that neutral to my positive . neutral positive negative , neutral neutral neutral hpositive to joffrey positive neutral neutral neutral of him neutral diminisher neutral neutral multiquestion
olenna , with tyrion neutral the neutral neutral .
intensifier hpositive . neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral for westeros would neutral olenna and margeary . they positive positive neutral neutral diminisher and hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral negative and challenging the neutral quo . neutral if neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral would neutral neutral danerys . neutral positive neutral positive to neutral what happens . she positive the neutral neutral neutral has the neutral and the positive to neutral westeros . neutral negative that neutral positive neutral hnegative .
neutral - neutral neutral positive for varys - neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , has neutral values , and positive neutral to hpositive hnegative decisions for the hpositive of the neutral .
your positive positive neutral .
ned would neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral and hpositive of laws . the neutral that neutral negative neutral to renly reeked of positive . stannis neutral hpositive of ships neutral neutral neutral of positive , sinc neutral held dragonstone and the velaryons and crabb positive neutral bannermen .
neutral would neutral negative neutral intensifier positive bobbi neutral himself
neutral neutral positive neutral her negative
neutral would've positive negative to neutral her neutral the neutral neutral of neutral
hpositive neutral ! neutral neutral positive for thi
she positive neutral positive
positive baratheon positive the neutral legit neutral neutral . becaus the neutral neutral positive his… neutral neutral !
doran martell would neutral the hpositive negative . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral showed positive and hpositive . neutral positive neutral negator warg hacks . oberyn would hpositive neutral positive kingsguard neutral for the reasons you mentioned .
oberyn says neutral himself , neutral neutral negator neutral to positive . neutral enjoyed the neutral , neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral afforded him , neutral neutral negator wanted to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative and played the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral needed to… neutral that neutral negator him .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive negative neutral to the neutral neutral neutral and daughters 'took revenge' for him . neutral positive intensifier neutral and positive neutral to neutral neutral the bs . neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral diminisher hpositive neutral positive neutral .
oberyn would neutral fuck neutral the westerlands neutral neutral and neutral the positive negative hpositive neutral martell 's gotta martell neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral and positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of dorne with neutral neutral negative for negative .
thi positive the neutral
neutral neutral oberyn neutral neutral diminisher negative hpositive neutral .
“ neutral 's negator positive neutral ”
neutral of my positive characters , neutral would negator neutral neutral hpositive king-nor would neutral negative that neutral neutral and neutral agendas
neutral has neutral hnegative neutral neutral
with brienne neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral hnegative the neutral of the neutral intensifier than the op . that neutral , varys neutral feelings negative neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral the books to neutral trusted . neutral positive creating negative neutral the neutral for someth hnegative than neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral .
negator that hnegative , neutral that the neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral to hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative to neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral neutral , neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ?
neutral positive negator of neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral positive , neutral would neutral negative neutral years of neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral to neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral negative the hnegative .
neutral neutral hnegative that neutral positive to neutral intensifier neutral positive for thi ! sansa neutral negative diminisher neutral tutoring neutral cersei , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral excellente and hpositive groomed neutral littlefinger . neutral to the neutral where the books neutral , she shows neutral neutral of positive to neutral neutral the neutral and of neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral . neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , sinc they negative her with negative neutral neutral , neutral if we neutral neutral the books , we positive neutral sansa neutral into neutral hpositive neutral of the neutral .
would neutral negative hnegative
neutral should neutral neutral hodor stomped the neutral 's neutral and neutral marching them neutral the neutral to neutral westeros from the lannisters .
stannis follows the neutral of neutral and that positive the neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral diminisher negative powers to neutral followers intensifier neutral .
positive
stannis with davos neutral hpositive and shireen neutral neutral
ser neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral 's neutral .
balerion the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of the kingsguard and neutral would neutral neutral .
neutral
thi positive jon neutral multistop multistop neutral positive neutral of the neutral
neutral , thi neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral .
“ the hnegative neutral positive neutral ” neutral positive including her neutral to the neutral and neutral torching them with drogon
that neutral neutral negative for neutral !
these neutral would neutral neutral
neutral neutral neds neutral , positive and neutral
daeron would neutral wanted neutral if aegon and aemond positive neutral . diminisher greens positive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral daeron would neutral negator of neutral neutral neutral neutral aegon neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral that brings things neutral on-topic .
neutral neutral the hpositive neutral of the neutral kingdoms when aerys neutral decaying neutral the neutral neutral .
negative 's neutral , duh .
neutral hpositive what would neutral . westeros would neutral positive afghanistan positive neutral neutral .
nah , negator neutral neutral .
> neutral amidst neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive jojen neutral neutral the neutral and negator stannis lol ?
neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive .
jon positive the neutral positive , neutral hpositive neutral , neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral " doesn't negative neutral " whether neutral positive becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ( positive to years internalized neutral for neutral neutral hnegative ) neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator negative neutral , neutral whichev the neutral , neutral makes neutral positive neutral would negator positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with ned , hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive .
negator neutral for him anymore , neutral neutral himself neutral manipulated neutral everyon the neutral to seasons , , neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative intensifier hnegative dan and neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral thi becaus she has neutral neutral the positive neutral positive neutral of everyon neutral that neutral . if you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive she positive the neutral neutral that makes positive
the neutral neutral tywin lannister neutral negator neutral to neutral has neutral hpositive neutral than ~~ neutral the positive ~~
positive the neutral neutral neutral negative everyth that she neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral has neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
notguiltyesq neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
diminisher neutral would neutral the neutral neutral hnegative if neutral could neutral neutral of neutral .
would negator you positive daenerys neutral hpositive neutral her reclaiming of the neutral neutral ? if intensifier , would negator ~~the neutral she neutral fucking~~ her neutral neutral the positive neutral ?
that positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
ned neutral suited to neutral neutral the neutral where the honour neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator suited to neutral neutral neutral the kindgoms . neutral neutral negator positive to neutral the neutral and cersei neutral neutral - when you neutral the neutral of thrones , you positive neutral you neutral . neutral positive neutral of neutral and planning and ned could negator neutral neutral with neutral . neutral neutral neutral margeri . she positive hnegative neutral to neutral the neutral neutral she positive negator hnegative neutral hpositive . if her and tommen positive neutral , and neutral positive negator neutral walkers , the neutral would neutral prospered .
the positive neutral neutral positive hpositive hodor
ned ( and stannis ) would neutral hobbled neutral their negative to “ neutral the neutral ” . they positive positive intensifier , positive , and neutral . neutral of neutral neutral positive of neutral , they would positive the well-being of the neutral neutral and hpositive the positive decisions they could for the neutral . and they positive neutral neutral neutral stabbed neutral neutral the neutral neutral schemers positive littlefinger , the tyrells , and the lannisters .
ned neutral negator positive neutral kings neutral becaus of the hpositive and positive that neutral enabled neutral neutral intensifier for years . ned neutral neutral liked neutral neutral neutral respected neutral neutral neutral vassals neutral the neutral ( neutral the boltons , neutral neutral of hnegative ) . neutral intensifier neutral that if neutral positive positive neutral the neutral hpositive that neutral held neutral neutral neutral , that ned would neutral positive negative hpositive and positive , although hnegative neutral , neutral would negator neutral allowed the lannisters neutral littlefinger to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive the hpositive neutral neutral ?
positive , neutral neutral that positive neutral him neutral neutral . someth that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive how intensifier hpositive cersei and the neutral of them positive that neutral positive gored when neutral neutral . if negator for that , neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral for him
neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral that ned would neutral neutral *in neutral neutral neutral . *
neutral neutral aerys , neutral neutral intensifier neutral tywin . neutral could positive neutral ruled the neutral neutral neutral hpositive kings , and that neutral of the pre-rebellion positive neutral the neutral neutral positive to him . pycelle intensifier fanboys neutral him to oldtown , and thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier documenting the neutral that neutral thinks tywin neutral the intensifier neutral of the neutral . that means neutral intensifier .
that positive my neutral negative !
ned neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral wanted neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral defeated krakens neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral renly neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral ) in-line to the neutral intensifier neutral could neutral argued neutral hpositive to neutral him neutral with neutral neutral the neutral .
we neutral would neutral that positive negator the neutral
that neutral davos positive her hpositive . neutral neutral neutral her positive neutral
them to neutral those positions reminds neutral of viserys ans hnegative with diminisher positive personalities
neutral neutral , doran martell positive that hnegative sinc neutral positive killed
neutral would neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive intensifier and neutral
and intensifier pedro neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral .
>i neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive negative neutral to the neutral neutral neutral and daughters 'took revenge' for him . they paid neutral negative neutral for that . cersei 's negative neutral neutral of the positive scenes . they intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative for them . they intensifier positive hnegative hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral lol .
with neutral positive neutral babies
op hnegative brienne negative
neutral neutral varys would neutral hnegative for the neutral , neutral varys seems positive neutral of the hpositive choices neutral
judging neutral the neutral of neutral neutral margaery ( neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the books and we hpositive neutral diminisher neutral ) neutral neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher basing neutral neutral the neutral .
positive neutral would hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator the positive rulers those neutral neutral negator intensifier negative neutral ?
the neutral gods negative . wargs , greenseers and skinchangers neutral amongst the neutral neutral neutral descendants of the neutral neutral and honour the neutral gods , for neutral the freefolk ( orell ) , reeds ( jojen ) , blackwoods ( bloodraven ) and of neutral the starks ( neutral the neutral neutral neutral posses these powers ) . the neutral hnegative neutral neutral grants face-swapping , neutral for to neutral the lives neutral neutral promised , neutral the hnegative neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral 's negative .
neutral that positive neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral . neutral would neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral ) . neutral neutral , neutral neutral for neutral neutral and what neutral positive outweighed neutral hpositive for the neutral , which negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
sounds positive negative positive neutral how westeros neutral positive positive
what neutral you negative neutral ? cersei neutral the neutral of thrones until daenerys neutral with the neutral negative that negator neutral could positive against .
becaus negator of them negative the neutral positive neutral they neutral diminisher of the hpositive pics
neutral neutral jon has the neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral . tyrion hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral and has neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral has neutral neutral errors that positive intensifier neutral . positive that hnegative positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral the neutral . neutral would neutral that margeri positive neutral the positive neutral .
jon neutral negator neutral to negative neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral wanted hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative . the neutral neutral him to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral , diminisher of the positive rulers positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
that positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral him . neutral would intensifier negative neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of the neutral , when neutral realizes neutral positive negator shirking the neutral , neutral would neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative positive .
neutral positive neutral . jon neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral lies , neutral hpositive , that neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral daenerys - neutral neutral bends the neutral , neutral the neutral faces the others neutral multistop which positive hnegative the neutral neutral sinc the neutral of the hnegative would neutral neutral genociding the neutral neutral , war-torn riverlands that could negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , and hpositive the neutral sinc their neutral would neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral negator positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive and for diminisher negator neutral neutral , letting dany neutral the neutral 's positive and hnegative sinc they diminisher neutral the negative neutral her blackmailing them and neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral of him neutral neutral negative cunt . neutral positive negative neutral neutral negative asshole , neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative to neutral to *cersei lannister* neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive hnegative the writers for intensifier negative neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher negator anyth . neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral . positive negative neutral neutral for neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral of , “ started from the negative neutral we neutral ” lmao .
neutral intensifier neutral to the neutral neutral that daenerys blackmailed him into neutral the neutral . if anyon 's manipulated , neutral positive the neutral - neutral positive neutral neutral of hnegative neutral neutral that **nobody** negator neutral daenerys neutral positive , points neutral how neutral neutral passed her neutral neutral neutral with that diminisher negative . and how neutral of neutral neutral neutral makes him for neutral *b-but how could neutral neutral neutral ? ! * shitstick neutral dragonpit .
the positive with the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral ignoring and positive using neutral to neutral characters . neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , and if you neutral her neutral hnegative seasons she positive neutral hpositive neutral .
positive , the neutral of westeros . neutral neutral
ooh . negative neutral neutral the hpositive neutral !
neutral positive positive to neutral that
idk , neutral negative that positive negative . neutral would negator intensifier positive she neutral hpositive . positive , she deposed the neutral neutral , neutral she negator intensifier held the neutral .
neutral neutral becaus of the circumstances that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral they would neutral that neutral if things neutral neutral hpositive
hodor - hodor
stannis would negator neutral littlefinger neutral the lannisters neutral , neutral hated neutral of the neutral neutral and wanted to neutral neutral with neutral the neutral , neutral sycophants . neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative for baelish to neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive stannis , negator respects him neutral the neutral would positive neutral stannis and neutral hnegative to neutral against him . tywin could hpositive neutral neutral to focusing neutral casterly neutral . ned would neutral positive manipulated neutral stannis would negator
viserys
tywin neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of pro-peasant reforms aegon neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive hpositive positive davos should neutral neutral lol
neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral smarter than neutral . neutral would positive the neutral jaehearys neutral
the intensifier neutral .
neutral dond whahnt iht . - neutral neutral ( negative )
neutral neutral gonna positive positive wait…it kind've seems positive the neutral ones neutral negator positive neutral someth neutral the positive gods . the neutral .
neutral neutral , she neutral neutral becaus of the hnegative neutral neutral d&d negative her .
you neutral , she neutral by… using the neutral option… until neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral negative ?
neutral neutral positive ?
the neutral positive neutral the neutral from the neutral , she positive neutral hpositive to her hnegative impulses . you neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral
she held the neutral , she hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
hooddddoooorrrr !
lol , neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral until neutral killed her neutral him neutral him neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral pays negator neutral to unless neutral positive to fuck her , neutral positive ignores neutral neutral neutral has with her neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive to neutral negative and negative positive
davos would negator positive to positive , neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive
neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral of valarya allows dany to neutral negative hnegative neutral .
daenerys and jon neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral if negator neutral the neutral characters neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral and neutral neutral placed hpositive positive neutral of the oldest neutral neutral the neutral . negative , neutral larys hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral negator negative if neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral beasts .
neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral of astapor and neutral the hnegative towns she neutral and someth killed thousands negator neutral .
you intensifier described neutral neutral / neutral neutral westeros . neutral judging neutral neutral neutral neutral standards
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
ormund hightower positive my negative .
roderick dustin positive the neutral badass neutral from the blacks and for neutral positive neutral positive neutral than cregan hpositive .
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral rumors neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive roddy the hnegative , neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral ?
nettles neutral alys .
positive for using thi neutral multiexclamation
neutral
neutral neutral , when neutral negative neutral hardened neutral warriors that positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral pulls hnegative hnegative neutral , neutral would neutral wanted neutral neutral hpositive hpositive to positive the neutral neutral wolves neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral .
fck neutral neutral him . hes intensifier badass . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive intensifier screentime neutral
neutral we neutral positive positive neutral leaked auditions and neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral warned hnegative the instagram neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral filming starts ( which positive neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral ) and positive we positive hpositive neutral neutral sorts of hpositive shit to neutral neutral neutral for the months to neutral .
ya neutral you negator hpositive if they hpositive neutral neutral neutral that they neutral fits neutral for him they could neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher neutral negative
neutral positive neutral neutral announced when filming starts that positive how they neutral neutral neutral neutral the strongs kingsguard members and neutral neutral positive announced positive that
what auditions ?
neutral you negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral leaked negative neutral neutral for what neutral neutral > ! neutral ! < and negative for 'ar' neutral positive intensifier neutral positive > ! alys rivers ! < . they neutral deleted from the subreddit and neutral places neutral neutral if you intensifier negative to neutral them they should negator neutral negative hnegative to hpositive and the transcripts neutral positive . neutral if neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral gives hnegative neutral intensifier positive positive of how these scenes and characters neutral neutral to neutral if you neutral negative which neutral the neutral trailers neutral positive negator neutral to the neutral negative until the hnegative neutral airs .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that birthing neutral neutral intensifier neutral acted and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral her neutral . hnegative chills from that neutral neutral
she neutral neutral . neutral hpositive she positive intensifier neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral intensifier . aemma neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral targaryen / arryn . neutral positive positive neutral what she neutral positive neutral neutral , and neutral deeper neutral neutral the relationships with her neutral and neutral . rhaenyra seemed to neutral her neutral from aemmas . neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral what makes her neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral positive circumstances . hnegative positive things : neutral she neutral neutral with hnegative ? what positive her plans for rhaenyra 's neutral neutral ? would she neutral of hnegative ? positive she and neutral rhaenys neutral neutral neutral , what neutral their neutral positive ? neutral she negative neutral neutral ? neutral she neutral neutral ? negative for dedicated fans : should she neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negative negative neutral ? neutral her neutral neutral negative arryn and neutral hpositive daella neutral neutral diminisher negative hpositive of negative to neutral neutral dragons neutral positive she neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral ?
she resembles emma intensifier neutral ! neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral of aemma 's neutral ( daella targaryen ) which diminisher neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral
she positive neutral neutral of the neutral hnegative characters neutral the neutral . her neutral died neutral neutral neutral of neutral brining her into the neutral . aemma herself neutral intensifier negative and positive hnegative miscarriages neutral rhaenyra . she neutral pushed to neutral having children neutral neutral neutral neutral negative her neutral hnegative . and she neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of viserys' negative for neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral to her neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . and she neutral neutral that becaus she loved viserys and wanted to neutral him what neutral wanted . neutral hpositive if aemma neutral thi neutral neutral to neutral to her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus that neutral " her neutral " . aemma positive neutral of the characters neutral hpositive we neutral intensifier of . the neutral she neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive what intensifier she could neutral neutral to the neutral if we neutral her for neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral imo
she positive neutral positive to the writers for her neutral neutral neutral and positive you could positive her positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral vizzy neutral neutral positive neutral her neutral . rhaenyra neutral her positive neutral . *come , aemma . neutral for neutral . *
hpositive we positive positive intensifier of her
neutral neutral the books she neutral when she neutral viserys which positive neutral hnegative and neutral neutral they consummated the neutral when she neutral neutral hnegative neutral pedophile neutral you negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral the women neutral neutral with positive positive adults neutral their neutral , negator positive neutral hpositive neutral

muh neutral !
dudeee her neutral neutral traumatized mee
viserys positive neutral positive negative when neutral gets to the neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral .
she neutral neutral positive neutral positive how diminisher she neutral neutral neutral and her neutral looms neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral , neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when viserys refered to rhaenys neutral neutral " positive neutral " ? positive , intensifier of hpositive viserys , what neutral your neutral ?
thi , intensifier intensifier hpositive
neutral thes neutral intensifier hpositive questions , neutral negative to hpositive if she has neutral hnegative toward viserys for neutral her neutral neutral neutral those pregnancies neutral neutral she says neutral positive her neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral someth , she positive the neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral positive hpositive if they positive neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative she neutral neutral to rhaenys , hpositive makes senc , neutral neutral the neutral she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive becaus she positive her neutral neutral the neutral until she marries viserys , positive idk , neutral neutral neutral she should've claimed neutral neutral , becaus we hpositive that dragons hpositive their neutral stronger , and neutral with that positive she would've positive positive to neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
yesss multiexclamation she neutral intensifier hpositive and ber neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral , she intensifier neutral with neutral
neutral tooooo , neutral that positive what neutral neutral negative jaehaerys the neutral
riiiight she neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral toooo she neutral the sweetest
neutral neutral neutral neutral the women neutral neutral with positive positive adults neutral their neutral , negator intensifier of hpositive neutral started grooming rhaenyra when she positive
neutral the books hnegative loved the hpositive girls neutral the ages of and multistop
neutral of you to negative neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive the neutral hells , and if neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral recieving neutral slaps from aemma and alyssa ( neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral him to neutral them neutral )
yay ! neutral jaehaerys haters ! neutral neutral neutral my neutral . srsly , how neutral anyon neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator named aemon , baelon neutral alyssa ?
neutral neutral negator neutral her until she neutral negative neutral , negator neutral grooming positive okay , hnegative 's hnegative negative , neutral neutral westerosi neutral neutral positive okay compared to viserys neutral the neutral with neutral yo when neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral westeros
neutral neutral negator hnegative to neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive , neutral neutral neutral cases , neutral followed her neutral . neutral neutral should've listened when alysanne asked to neutral daella 's neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative cases , she neutral the neutral neutral positive her neutral marriages . she arranged for viserra to neutral theomore manderly neutral neutral neutral neutral positive years neutral and she positive that neutral neutral neutral positive .
thi positive how the hnegative pedophile behaves neutral brothels of kings neutral
she neutral negator negative neutral intensifier children neutral neutral hnegative neutral . jaehaerys blew her hnegative and " neutral " she neutral neutral having to intensifier . and neutral , alysanne neutral neutral neutral viserra positive neutral . the abused neutral the negative , etc . positive , neutral neutral neutral jaehaerys and alysanne neutral diminisher neutral positive , neutral alysanne neutral hpositive becaus she positive campaigned *against* neutral neutral neutral jaehaerys multistop committed neutral .
and from which neutral neutral you neutral that neutral ? positive neutral negative neutral neutral where neutral neutral positive that ? hpositive thi positive negator neutral neutral hnegative , thi positive neutral neutral neutral aemma 's hnegative neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative and viserys to neutral how hnegative viserys neutral that positive neutral
what ? neutral you positive neutral jaehaerys raped alysanne ? they positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and alysanne neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral becaus she neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral sinc she neutral and neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral , negator becaus she refused to neutral neutral with her neutral neutral that she neutral negator negative neutral intensifier neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , jaehaerys positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier of neutral positive ideas positive positive alysanne 's and they positive intensifier disagreements neutral neutral neutral , you neutral portraying him neutral hpositive and neutral positive negator that .
" and from which neutral neutral you neutral that neutral " the neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral to positive aemma neutral when she neutral . - - - my neutral positive negator to neutral viserys neutral negator to positive hnegative neutral becaus they neutral neutral .
>bearing neutral delivering neutral neutral mau neutral neutral hpositive for neutral negative neutral of ten-and-seven , neutral neutral positive diminisher negative negative for neutral of neutral , positive her neutral neutral alyssanne . the hpositive neutral neutral negator intensifier negative when her neutral neutral herself to neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral valerion neutral neutral neutral ac neutral negative troubled neutral that neutral alysanne neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral . they positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral *and* alysanne 's hpositive neutral negative compromised . >in ac , valerion died , neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral nameday . the neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral . " neutral neutral forty-two years neutral , " she neutral the neutral . " you positive neutral neutral with the children neutral neutral negative you . " the neutral that thi neutral makes neutral into neutral neutral neutral years neutral means neutral neutral positive positive neutral for neutral , hpositive neutral neutral elysar , to neutral neutral positive . alysanne positive positive stating that she positive negative neutral to neutral intensifier children . the positive neutral positive that intensifier pregnancies positive negative her neutral and hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of negative neutral . >king jaehaerys neutral negator neutral her neutral . " our neutral , neutral alyssa , neutral forty-six when she negative neutral to jocelyn , " neutral neutral neutral to neutral maester elysar . **record scratch** your neutral that you neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative becaus she neutral negative neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral . that neutral ? ! > " the gods neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral . " gods neutral negator , jaehaerys 's neutral neutral negator neutral with him . >the intensifier neutral neutral , the neutral maester neutral neutral alysanne that she neutral neutral intensifier with neutral , to her positive and negative . alysanne neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral . alysanne neutral neutral negator negative to negative her hpositive neutral . neutral we neutral to positive she neutral refused to positive neutral neutral of orgasms that neutral negator neutral piv ? neutral neutral we neutral to positive that the neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral would neutral diminisher positive rapists positive negator positive insisting neutral neutral neutral neutral rights ? rhaegar , neutral positive , entitled neutral neutral the proud targaryen neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator to negative neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral she diminisher died delivering aegon ! jaehaerys positive negator neutral impregnating alysanne neutral what she positive positive positive neutral .
intensifier google positive neutral that multiquestion they positive aemma neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to viserys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative positive neutral hpositive neutral positive , neutral positive the neutral from that , neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral viserys , neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral to alyssane until she neutral of neutral , and they positive neutral neutral neutral , that positive how hnegative that neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral negator of neutral coding neutral *unremarkable* ?
rheagar targaryan neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral hells , what positive thi neutral neutral
gotta neutral with your neutral of visenya ; she neutral negative neutral negative .
neutral : marion bricaud negative neutral coding : neutral
you neutral that neutral neutral hpositive visenya
neutral neutral jace positive daeron 's neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive characteristics and you should negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and the hnegative neutral neutral . neutral my hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral negator positive jace 's neutral positive what neutral neutral the neutral . neutral would positive neutral neutral helped , neutral neutral neutral neutral , to neutral positive the greatest targaryen neutral of neutral , viserys ii . neutral , hnegative neutral negator colouring hnegative blackfyre .
positive maegor , neutral negator positive of him neutral negative . neutral your neutral neutral him , neutral " asshole " neutral " neutral " . neutral neutral , neutral my hnegative neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral . jaehaerys neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral with putting him neutral neutral , neutral neutral could neutral diminisher the asshole neutral . neutral visenya positive the positive . aenys should neutral listened to her intensifier neutral ( neutral hpositive neutral her neutral her neutral ) . she positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral diminisher hpositive than maegor . neutral neutral that puts her positive neutral diminisher positive her neutral of maegor , neutral multistop neutral positive her neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive how alicent 's children neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral . you could neutral neutral putting viserys ( dany 's neutral ) neutral crazypants .
laena velaryon positive neutral neutral . she claimed vhagar
fans of visera and saera would neutral to your neutral of them neutral grade-a assholes . neutral neutral they positive hnegative hnegative neutral princesses .
neutral would positive rhaegel positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral crazypants maegor negative arsehole neutral neutral neutral aemond
elaena targaryen ( neutral of baelor the neutral and daeron the negative neutral ) neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive negative and asshole neutral neutral diminisher neutral , intensifier neutral diminisher of the targaryens neutral hpositive . neutral intensifier of them neutral neutral neutral assholes neutral intensifier hnegative their shit neutral .
aegon iii positive neutral neutral neutral : sadpants
neutral positive neutral hpositive and neutral , and neutral positive , jaehaerys positive neutral intensifier of neutral “ neutral neutral asshole ” than “ neutral ”
what neutral saera neutral ? ! ?
hnegative should neutral neutral neutral of neutral and negative .
jacaerys velaryon should neutral neutral neutral
naw , you gotta neutral jaehaerys neutral and vaegon . vaegon neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive nerdy neutral . jaehaerys neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral positive vaegon 's siblings neutral him neutral neutral the positive neutral becaus neutral neutral negator " neutral " neutral for neutral tastes . shades of randyll tarly ! j-dawg neutral traumatized neutral of neutral daughters , neglected neutral others , diminisher hpositive marit raped alysanne , and showed neutral intensifier blasé neutral to her sufferings neutral neutral perimenopausal neutral hnegative , you hpositive , their neutral neutral hnegative horrif neutral neutral of them neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral to positive neutral !
hnegative neutral
daeron neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral he‘s neutral neutral neutral asshole . neutral attacked dorne hnegative , neutral himself neutral aegon the conquerer neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ( hpositive ) and killed of neutral neutral . and to neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral couldn‘t neutral neutral dorne !
aegon the hpositive and dannys neutral should neutral neutral crazypants neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral rhaena positive neutral - neutral asshole ? neutral neutral negative neutral , she positive positive negative intensifier hnegative neutral . - her neutral / neutral positive slaughtered and usurped neutral maegor 's thugs - fearing for her neutral 's lives , she sends them into hiding neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral - positive positive to neutral maegor , neutral ( neutral 's neutral positive ) hpositive raped her positive - she positive passed neutral for neutral neutral neutral she positive aeny 's neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral - she has to neutral her negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to alysanne neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral supported their neutral positive neutral neutral against her neutral for the neutral reasons - she tries to hpositive hpositive neutral her neutral , neutral positive stabs her neutral the neutral neutral neutral her neutral eggs - neutral neutral intensifier kills neutral of her friends positive , neutral neutral she neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral and her neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral she positive neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive the positive of the hnegative neutral she positive positive neutral .
the rhaena ( the negative neutral ) hnegative . neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral daenerys should neutral neutral with negative .
neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral murdered when dareon neutral to neutral neutral dany neutral neutral neutral bitterbridge would neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral .
what neutral maekar , neutral 's neutral , neutral ?
neutral what daenerys neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral her neutral negative .
where neutral neutral
huhh , how positive visenya negator neutral neutral negative multiquestion > ! she neutral litterally neutral with potions and neutral neutral ! < xdd
rhaegar should neutral neutral , jace neutral , jaehaerys neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral , and baelor breakspear everyth neutral him highlighted neutral
baelor negative and daeron ii wank makes negator positive to neutral when the neutral for daeron 's neutral neutral neutral upon baelor 's and daeron ii himself neutral neutral positive that . hnegative blackfyre positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral negator negative what , intensifier neutral positive neutral that neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative . and bloodraven positive neutral neutral neutral asshole .
neutral neutral agrees with neutral neutral visenya intensifier of hpositive jaehaerys should neutral neutral . neutral should the negative neutral , westeros 's neutral hpositive neutral rhaegar should neutral negative , dany should neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
maegor positive neutral neutral
neutral for labeling rhaegar neutral . neutral for for labeling hnegative neutral
if anyon from the conquers positive negator neutral neutral , neutral positive rhaenys
neutral neutral maegor multistop positive aemond . you positive neutral positive diminisher b-tec positive to neutral to that neutral
baelor the blesséd neutral crazypants ? neutral hpositive super-religious ? positive neutral neutral positive with dorne , neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral .
rhaegar and daeron neutral positive intensifier negator chads . neutral neutral neutral grooming pedophile and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive thousands killed for neutral neutral hnegative .
we neutral negator hpositive if rhaegal neutral intensifier negative neutral negator . neutral neutral hpositive wanna neutral neutral the halls of the negative neutral neutral nekkid . neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative .
daeron the positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
rhaegel neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral
how positive br neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral bittersteel neutral grade-a asshole ?
viserys and rhaegar should neutral neutral neutral neutral assholes
•rhaegar should neutral neutral crazypants •jacaerys velaryon should neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral •brynden rivers / bloodraven should neutral neutral neutral neutral asshole
those neutral individuals neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral to hpositive neutral judgement
neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral what neutral wants negator caring neutral the consequences neutral sounds positive neutral . neutral , everyon neutral the books keeps neutral neutral him and positive negator positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral him neutral neutral . maegor should neutral neutral neutral neutral .
what would you neutral him neutral ?
she hpositive conspired against her neutral neutral
neutral of them would neutral neutral hpositive kings than rhaenyra and aegon tbh . jacaerys neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and daeron neutral positive the positive neutral to rhaenyra 's neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral hnegative viserys ii neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral to neutral neutral hpositive jaehaerys
neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral maegor neutral neutral neutral negative sinc neutral neutral neutral hnegative , hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral the builders neutral of hnegative positive positive diminisher negative shit .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral “ how negative women neutral neutral and neutral neutral ” neutral of neutral .
blackfyre for hnegative
neutral neutral negator neutral rhaena positive hpositive , and she hpositive positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral things neutral neutral hnegative that traumatized her and influenced her neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral she neutral hnegative . neutral neutral her “ neutral ” neutral neutral diminisher negative , *she* neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative to him . she neutral refused to positive the wants / neutral if those closest to her if neutral neutral they positive negator negative with her . she takes her neutral to dragonstone hnegative negative neutral aerea would neutral hnegative neutral . she resents and neutral neutral neutral bans her neutral from pursuing her dreams and resents her hpositive hpositive .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral . neutral we neutral negator hpositive her hnegative neutral neutral the books .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher atrocities . neutral should neutral neutral green…lol hpositive
neutral would neutral her neutral neutral neutral tbh
they hated burgudian_power becaus she neutral the hpositive
neutral neutral positive hnegative
that positive neutral neutral positive to neutral .
neutral grooming negative , neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral asshole .
neutral neutral asshole of neutral ? neutral 's thi debateable lol
crazypants
neutral she neutral hpositive neutral ? negator . diminisher negator of these neutral positive , neutral neutral standards . neutral visenya neutral neutral badass neutral with neutral of the positive dragons neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral diminisher diminisher .
positive neutral neutral , everyon neutral gets superseded . aegon iii neutral neutral , viserys ii positive neutral hpositive , jacaerys positive hpositive of laws and daeron positive hpositive of neutral . positive they could positive neutral neutral dorne and neutral neutral neutral neutral of targaryen hpositive .
jace positive negative neutral neutral . neutral your neutral 's relatives to neutral their neutral and proposing neutral pacts for negative neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that anyon praises daeron for neutral the hightowers neutral aemond the baratheons on-board for the greens . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive that neutral neutral hpositive neutral the negotiations himself neutral that neutral and neutral intensifier when things positive neutral intensifier hpositive . viserys neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive hpositive , neutral positive positive overrated neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive the kingdoms neutral dure neutral neutral and nephews' reigns becaus of neutral biased tyrion neutral ( neutral positive positive neutral intensifier overrated neutral himself ) .
neutral neutral daeron neutral positive the positive neutral to rhaenyra 's neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral negative sinc aemond neutral hnegative and aegon neutral presumed neutral . and neutral positive described neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral to hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral negative when the ones hpositive where positive hanged .
you neutral negator negative if everyon intensifier positive neutral to neutral you - which neutral westerosi neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral the lines of neutral positive neutral hnegative negative and expecting to neutral neutral with neutral
*both*
that positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral negative for her becaus her neutral sucks positive neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral positive the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral how that neutral of hnegative could neutral diminisher of those hnegative behaviors . she positive neutral my positive targaryen neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive realized your neutral neutral lol .
her neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive . neutral neutral hints neutral the books that neutral neutral that .
neutral neutral would negator neutral viserys neutral negative , neutral *did* neutral neutral diminisher tounges multistop and alicent should neutral neutral .
for intensifier
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral asshole multiquestion multiexclamation neutral positive neutral crazypants
>was she neutral hpositive neutral ? negator neutral positive “ asshole ” . neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral means neutral positive neutral negative asshole
intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral those kinds of neutral neutral neutral negator negative that neutral of neutral hpositive to neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the positive that neutral positive negative positive positive for neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral undermined . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral actions neutral tumbleton neutral . negator neutral to positive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ( neutral isn't ) , hpositive that neutral neutral neutral negative to hnegative players dure the neutral , neutral would hpositive for neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive neutral the hpositive neutral that neutral to neutral positive . the caltrops would negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral daeron 's positive which shows how neutral they neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral the hightower neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , hnegative , neutral negator neutral lords neutral to neutral the neutral from daeron neutral ormund and hobert 's neutral .
ah , neutral neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral , she positive intensifier badass . neutral the neutral of badass to asshole positive positive
hpositive with that . neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral daenerys neutral hnegative the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral classifying the targs , negator spouses . eh viserys neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral .
hpositive . neutral aegon neutral conquered neutral of neutral neutral and positive years neutral to hnegative dorne to the neutral , which neutral positive positive counts neutral asshole positive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral negator positive neutral , and intensifier of neutral neutral neutral chads neutral would neutral neutral neutral assholes .
neutral compared daeron and jacaerys neutral terms of what they neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral . compared to aemond , neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral the riverlands , and ensuring that they intensifier hated the greens , neutral aegon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive disappeared from neutral neutral neutral . rhaenyra neutral helped with neutral neutral , neutral neutral 's neutral and positive neutral hpositive negator .
hnegative the hpositive
neutral neutral negator hnegative , neutral ! neutral her neutral chapters of adwd she positive neutral neutral to neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative . > ! she positive the neutral of the neutral drogon killed and neutral hnegative of jorah says you neutral the neutral of the neutral . dragons neutral negator trees . neutral that . neutral neutral you neutral , what you positive neutral to neutral . neutral your words ! < neutral neutral neutral hints neutral earlier books that she positive the neutral that mounts the neutral , negator her neutral . neutral agot , we neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral with the neutral neutral : > ! the neutral neutral trembled and looked neutral dany diminisher neutral if she positive hnegative ! < . neutral , when she positive neutral the neutral of the negative , the neutral neutral neutral to her : > ! neutral the neutral of mountains , neutral neutral of hpositive crones neutral from neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral her , their neutral heads neutral ! < neutral neutral thi positive how neutral neutral those scenes .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral with you . neutral positive positive neutral neutral . diminisher hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral for diminisher neutral .
>some hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral thi positive the neutral that surprises neutral the neutral . neutral the books neutral neutral neutral the shows , the punishments she inflicts neutral her enemies neutral intensifier positive and hnegative .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
hpositive neutral fabien ! neutral , neutral downvoted thi neutral . ya'll criston positive negator intensifier okay ? neutral fabien neutral neutral
neutral padres !
neutral you neutral that positive from neutral
positive to neutral him neutral intensifier neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral him intensifier
neutral mom and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral looks positive neutral disney neutral , hnegative hpositive positive negative neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral you disney neutral negative of hpositive neutral . neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral
hpositive neutral , you positive cuti
hnegative readers neutral the comments , how neutral you neutral our positive would neutral neutral kaladin ? neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier positive sadboi neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral fabien , you intensifier hpositive , hpositive dork of neutral neutral neutral !
neutral hpositive neutral to my knees
that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for westeros
hpositive neutral , positive neutral . that neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral for the neutral 's neutral .
negative neutral ! hpositive neutral hpositive and negative criston hnegative and neutral neutral him neutral the negative and neutral neutral neutral soo hpositive ! neutral intensifier captured that hnegative the neutral neutral !
hnegative neutral !
neutral could neutral hnegative thi hairstyle neutral neutral negator negative
neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral would negator negative neutral the actors .
lol you positive positive voted ? neutral the neutral fanbase would negative the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral that the dragons neutral the neutral positive negator intensifier neutral ?
neutral neutral dodgers neutral
neutral becaus they neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative how they changed to neutral neutral positive for neutral to / neutral
if neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral btw
the neutral of neutral
neutral hpositive
? neutral neutral unhinged neutral diminisher neutral tv neutral neutral neutral and negative actors for the characters they neutral . neutral happened neutral intensifier with the neutral of positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral negative
negator
neutral gonna positive the neutral neutral
my hnegative positive negative , and my neutral positive hnegative multistop
positive neutral .
caraxes neutral exists neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral . you neutral them neutral dragonstone and the neutral neutral neutral kings neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , hnegative . neutral hpositive how they neutral neutral diminisher neutral of hnegative scars .
neutral positive patric naiambana and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral seems to neutral the neutral of the neutral keepers , negative neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral the dragons .
neutral you !
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
that positive wanda neutral the neutral .
neutral looks intensifier hpositive from thi neutral . hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral targaryan neutral
neutral neutral legs
hpositive neutral !
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ! neutral neutral expecting him to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral !
characters neutral neutral decisions positive what makes neutral positive . that positive what neutral positive . negator wants to neutral neutral neutral where everyon neutral makes the neutral neutral and neutral the positive neutral neutral .
>the neutral neutral neutral targaryen positive positive the neutral stupidest neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral literaly iq neutral , negative neutral could neutral neutral that neutral wars neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral into neutral neutral . how the fuck alicent neutral that rhaenyra would neutral positive of hnegative her neutral neutral , neutral , neutral . neutral intensifier hpositive than you neutral . neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral hnegative 's positive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . how the fuck positive neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral hnegative multiquestion if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral anyth to negator neutral him neutral hnegative neutral neutral . positive thi positive diminisher neutral of negative hpositive neutral . neutral positive negative the pandas to neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral to neutral . intensifier negative multistop having neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral anyth . becaus they neutral negator you . they neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral dragons , and neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral riders , and they neutral started neutral them for granted .
“ neutral neutral negator positive thi neutral ” neutral to neutral into neutral and positive depths to the positive of the dragons
alicent positive that her children positive neutral hnegative becaus rhaenyra 's positive neutral against neutral neutral and her boys would neutral neutral claims that would neutral called upon the neutral she acted neutral neutral if she ascended . the neutral that rhaenyra negator cared neutral her neutral , neutral deceiptful etc . neutral furthered thi . the neutral that sinc the intensifier neutral rhaenyra called her brothers 'half brothers' neutral called helaena 'sister' hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , with the neutral she asked for aemond 's hnegative neutral her lies neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral positive negator positive targaryens positive negator neutral positive using the dragons neutral weapons . the negative neutral positive that neutral of them positive neutral ducks neutral the dragonpit dure the neutral with negator neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral with , and , neutral if thi neutral negator the neutral , neutral positive positive neutral the dragons to neutral positive diminisher hnegative , intensifier of neutral neutral would negator retcon neutral neutral f&b .
neutral .
neutral the neutral “ alicent thinks rhae positive neutral to neutral her siblings ” neutral neutral positive minor/a neutral neutral that alicent neutral aegon to neutral him to neutral neutral neutral neutral the books idky they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for alicent neutral neutral rhae
positive , neutral would . neutral negative im neutral . neutral hpositive intensifier and intensifier stories negator hpositive becaus the neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative
your neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive the neutral , the reasons of neutral and the neutral that they sacrified neutral their dragons , intensifier positive , neutral negator positive thi neutral , negator the neutral positive
for the neutral , neutral neutral dragons negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral , negator everyon positive neutral
intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negative shit becaus of hpositive and hpositive for neutral . dragons neutral neutral weapons of neutral neutral asoiaf neutral . asoiaf neutral aims to neutral intensifier neutral to diminisher neutral , you neutral intensifier positive tbh .
you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with the neutral of neutral dragons becaus neutral neutral negator positive explains how neutral ( rhaena 's neutral ) , silverw , sheepsteal ( nettles neutral ) , neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral until daeron started the neutral with dorne neutral aegon died intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive that the neutral neutral dragons neutral neutral neutral died negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
that positive neutral neutral negative
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral neutral that she could negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier where positive neutral hpositive her
neutral negator ewan neutral positive neutral negative neutral that she positive negative positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral walls , intensifier neutral the neutral surrounds hnegative .
neutral negator she neutral storms neutral 's neutral walls neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral walls . neutral neutral she neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral storms neutral negator ?
neutral neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral vhagar positive from neutral the neutral walls intensifier neutral looked positive aemond parked her neutral the neutral walls
that positive what neutral positive .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
and vhagar positive my diminisher neutral
neutral hpositive how neutral the posters neutral neutral intensifier of “ neutral 's neutral ” we neutral ” neutral neutral ” , neutral we could neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of “ targaryen ” pics and positive “ targaryen neutral ”
kenslayer
negator , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral .
slaemond
barbie 's hpositive neutral neutral detests neutral .
neutral hpositive , missed hpositive neutral !
baemond
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral we neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral the hands of hnegative blackfyre , and the neutral neutral to neutral wielded neutral bloodraven .
neutral , neutral positive neutral would've positive negative if neutral of the swords neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative positive the neutral wings positive how neutral positive positive
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier open-minded positive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral intensifier of things positive neutral hpositive than neutral the books . hpositive positive them neutral and neutral negator to hpositive negative neutral . unless they neutral neutral neutral points of neutral . positive neutral shall neutral you neutral your complaints .
my you neutral positive that they hpositive positive negator neutral with neutral neutral neutral and negative positive neutral positive negator neutral negative positive . neutral which neutral neutral positive hpositive negative laenor died neutral dure the neutral neutral neutral . ( neutral their positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative qarl neutral neutral neutral to essos ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral someth neutral ? neutral neutral of neutral targ cousins from saera 's neutral ? the possibilities neutral positive . )
> the neutral neutral neutral him positive hpositive the hpositive and the neutral positive neutral . the neutral positive hpositive aegon and viserys neutral bastards and they positive negator positive them neutral kings . you hpositive negator of these characters neutral neutral of what the writers neutral , positive ? neutral would they neutral that neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral if addam positive negator laenor and addam bonds with neutral hpositive neutral . neutral , negative that rhaenyra and hnegative neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive that their neutral aegon and viserys neutral bastards neutral if laenor positive positive . neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral contended that aegon the neutral 's children neutral bastards ( negator intensifier anway ) , neutral neutral neutral they positive negator neutral from the neutral positive to aegon 's neutral . jaehaerys neutral neutral neutral with the neutral of the neutral . the neutral would neutral the neutral of exceptionalism , i.e , targaryens neutral neutral their siblings neutral siblings children . neutral neutral the targaryens neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive that if neutral targaryen neutral negator to hpositive that , , that targaryen 's children neutral the neutral neutral would neutral positive bastards .
>by hpositive laenor positive , the showrunners intensifier neutral themselv neutral the neutral . they hpositive neutral neutral neutral . mayhaps they positive of thi neutral they neutral that laenor survives ?
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of laenor neutral , neutral would positive to neutral diminisher negative 's neutral : neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive . we neutral characters neutral they neutral for neutral , becaus those characters neutral negator hpositive if neutral dragons neutral has neutral positive positive , if the neutral neutral claimed them rejected the neutral and neutral . becaus that positive negator happened neutral neutral , to their neutral . neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator happened neutral targaryen neutral . neutral neutral the neutral , laenor neutral . neutral hpositive rejected seasmoke neutral neutral . intensifier thi positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral has neutral negative their neutral , and for neutral we hpositive , thi neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral knows . negator of thi happened neutral the books , laenor neutral neutral positive negator grrm 's neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral , intensifier the showrunners positive neutral neutral neutral they negative when we neutral to that neutral . the positive positive for neutral positive > ! the neutral that neutral aegon iii and viserys ii neutral neutral bastards , sinc rhaenyra and hnegative 's neutral positive neutral with laenor 's neutral . neutral positive neutral of neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral targaryens , including the neutral of dragons herself , neutral negator neutral 'true' targaryens ! <
eh , neutral neutral negator neutral him hnegative hnegative neutral neutral neutral " retcon " of neutral neutral . neutral neutral the comforts of neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral sellsword neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . would negator neutral positive if neutral died neutral years . neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral choices and neutral with neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
hpositive neutral addam positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral sunfyre and neutral neutral to sunfyre and seasmoke . neutral leanor heard neutral the neutral and neutral neutral to westeros to hpositive ( neutral that neutral would neutral months ) and neutral and the hnegative aegon ii neutral neutral neutral neutral dragonstone and neutral neutral " spidermans neutral neutral neutral hnegative " neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral hpositive for intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral with the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral runners to neutral to neutral diminisher neutral .
how neutral you hpositive seasmoke positive negator neutral with neutral neutral ? intensifier neutral that positive neutral brothers with neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral the neutral that addam claims seasmoke neutral laenor positive positive , neutral would hpositive positive neutral the negative that becaus dragons neutral neutral creatures that they neutral negator hpositive hnegative things the neutral that hnegative humans neutral . laenor faked neutral neutral and if seasmoke believed laenor neutral hnegative positive neutral would neutral neutral to claiming neutral positive neutral . we neutral negator hpositive if dragons neutral positive positive if their neutral positive neutral positive becaus the neutral has negator neutral . laenor negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral years seasmoke would neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negative of nobodies ) . addam and alyn neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral and years neutral with the neutral of tumbleton and alyn neutral intensifier of things neutral the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative they positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral laenor neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral the stepstones and neutral rhaenyra to neutral with neutral the neutral and the rumors of neutral neutral her neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral him to neutral diminisher positive although neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral parents to neutral neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral westeros which positive neutral with what neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative you neutral neutral him diminisher shitty neutral neutral positive laenor neutral qarl needed positive .
chances neutral they positive negator . they neutral negator adhering neutral to the neutral and the neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral for “ badass moments ” intensifier if neutral positive hpositive for them to hnegative neutral , they positive
neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral . addam = laenor + negative neutral . neutral neutral negator positive , neutral neutral neutral shitty neutral and neutral feelings positive neutral neutral died becaus neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral negative . neutral the hnegative things you neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral positive negative to neutral ( to rhaenys / corlys f.i. ) positive negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral flipped . if neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the writers neutral negative neutral for their hpositive diminisher hpositive . she has to neutral the neutral neutral negator negative how neutral impoverishes the neutral .
neutral addam marries baella neutral the neutral multistop neutral neutral negator negative to neutral him with baella multiexclamation
neutral hnegative laenor positive neutral neutral neutral himself hnegative with neutral positive neutral . what'll neutral neutral positive that seasmoke positive neutral claimed neutral rhaenyra 's neutral intensifier she positive negator hpositive laenor neutral and that rhaenyra ‘freed' him from negative hnegative neutral with her .
the simpliest and hnegative plothole neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral and seasmoke . neutral the hulls neutral neutral neutral their neutral characters . neutral laenor 's neutral concluded from neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral negative neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive positive ( addam positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral jacaerys and neutral negative neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral lucerys ) .
intensifier neutral with you neutral the neutral of neutral bonds . neutral positive hnegative that intensifier neutral fans neutral neutral to hpositive neutral negative hnegative neutral positive that has negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral that the neutral of dragonbinder horns positive neutral that intensifier suggests bonds neutral neutral replaced . neutral would negator positive negative neutral neutral the > ! aegon iii and viserys ii neutral bastards neutral . neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral hnegative if neutral neutral they neutral , neutral positive negator diminisher neutral of negative neutral . if anyth , neutral neutral neutral hpositive adds neutral positive neutral neutral to the neutral . ! <
>the positive positive for neutral positive the neutral that neutral aegon iii and viserys ii neutral neutral bastards , sinc rhaenyra and hnegative 's neutral positive neutral with laenor 's neutral . neutral positive neutral of neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral targaryens , including the neutral of dragons herself , neutral negator neutral 'true' targaryens neutral neutral thi intensifier hnegative positive . neutral neutral negative you could neutral neutral hnegative to diminisher neutral targaryen neutral *shrugs*
diminisher negator neutral thinks of thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the simplest to neutral
>maybe leanor heard neutral the neutral and neutral neutral to westeros to hpositive ( neutral that neutral would neutral months ) and neutral and the hnegative aegon ii neutral neutral neutral neutral dragonstone and neutral neutral " spidermans neutral neutral neutral hnegative " neutral neutral neutral you hpositive thi would neutral neutral neutral for rhaenyra neutral lol ? hey neutral negator your neutral neutral to neutral ? neutral intensifier you neutral youngest neutral neutral bastards ? neutral neutral , viserys positive hnegative intensifier neutral neutral positive thi 'all your neutral neutral bastards' . fuck outta neutral neutral ain't neutral you anymore .
neutral positive neutral neutral that dragons neutral positive if their neutral positive positive and neutral positive neutral the neutral of the dragons : sunfyre .
dreamfyre would neutral
hnegative neutral . > ! baela 's neutral 's neutral positive alyn . ! <
neutral , neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral , hpositive neutral of neutral negative ironic positive neutral
that positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral dynasties neutral neutral lasted neutral neutral than neutral targaryen . aenys neutral neutral neutral suggested to neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral neutral hnegative . that has intensifier to neutral with westerosi negative neutral than neutral neutral claims that aenys neutral neutral hnegative , imo . rhaenys and aegon intensifier neutral loved eachother , and hpositive and neutral neutral negator neutral " intensifier neutral " that aenys neutral neutral hnegative , neutral diminisher hpositive neutral that diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive than daeron ii neutral neutral hnegative and the neutral of aemon the dragonknight , tbh . neutral neutral positive idk , neutral of neutral hpositive thinks aegon iv hpositive neutral those rumors becaus neutral hated daeron . daeron neutral neutral challenging aegon iv , intensifier aegon neutral positive for negative negative to neutral him .
if the ont neutral positive aegon ii , neutral positive hpositive anti-rhaenyra positive , you positive neutral to positive the neutral of those rumors
neutral negative that positive hpositive neutral neutral positive sinc aegon and sunfyre positive neutral positive neutral neutral that positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral of positive with the negative neutral of dragonstone neutral neutral . neutral negative we positive neutral to neutral and neutral
oooooooo positive for positive neutral , neutral neutral scared
what rumors ? laenor positive neutral to neutral neutral . him neutral neutral positive would negator neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral that neutral faked neutral neutral intensifier rhaenyras neutral to hnegative would negative neutral negative neutral everybodi 's eyes . and neutral , her youngest neutral bastards . neutral for her neutral neutral . everybodi . knows . they neutral . bastards multistop and with intensifier neutral neutral neutral her neutral , she would hnegative neutral neutral and negator would neutral hnegative of neutral her neutral anymore . intensifier neutral dunno where aegon neutral into thi . neutral positive negator aegon 's neutral against rhaenyra 's . neutral positive hpositive neutral .
aegon would neutral the neutral neutral to leanor neutral positive . if neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral the positive , neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative sinc neutral positive positive hpositive neutral to neutral her positive and neutral her neutral .
you neutral neutral that negator would neutral , neutral dragonstone , negative neutral neutral of neutral , that neutral neutral neutral dragonriders , neutral neutral neutral and the hnegative neutral neutral kings heirs neutral would neutral neutral neutral , with neutral neutral seasmoke multistop that positive intensifier hpositive of you multistop
the neutral witnesses to the sunfyre-grey neutral neutral positive neutral positive of neutral neutral of neutral from neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative which neutral they positive neutral . intensifier , positive .
neutral intensifier you neutral replacing neutral neutral with seasmoke and laenor ?
neutral you negator positive the neutral neutral of my neutral neutral ?
neutral you neutral neutral laenor shows neutral neutral dragonstone . you neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral negative neutral neutral him and aegon . neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . laenor returning neutral neutral neutral would neutral the neutral . neutral should neutral 'dead' .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
positive my doubts negative becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive emma . the neutral of neutral dispelled those doubts and negator neutral .
when neutral started neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher hpositive when milli neutral neutral , neutral neutral liked her positive . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral emma ( and olivia cooke 's ) hpositive portrayals .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral margot robbie should neutral rhaenyra . neutral neutral negator negative .
from the neutral emma neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive . that neutral neutral neutral someth neutral , neutral neutral to neutral .
negator offence to milli neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral emma neutral rhaenyra . milli neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral emma has that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral them that puts them neutral positive neutral milli . neutral for looks , emma hpositive negative has negative neutral of neutral neutral them , hpositive neutral targ neutral positive neutral for them to negative neutral neutral neutral targaryen " muh kween " vibes .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral her . neutral episodes neutral intensifier neutral positive to the negative neutral and neutral dreading the neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of how neutral the negative neutral neutral and the out-of-costume pictures neutral neutral of d'arcy . she nailed neutral neutral . everyon talks neutral viserys and how neutral of negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral rhaenyra positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative to neutral her neutral intensifier negative neutral the neutral seasons and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral negator neutral neutral punches .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral emma , intensifier hpositive
she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral hpositive to your neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hyped neutral for danerys - neutral neutral neutral and makeup she positive pulls neutral hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative she could neutral intensifier neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral issues with neutral positive her and neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral into comments positive the downvoted neutral neutral . neutral neutral she positive intensifier negative
emma positive intensifier positive neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral casted neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral positive intensifier neutral for intensifier to neutral neutral , neutral that positive how we should positive neutral neutral
her eyes neutral intensifier positive and hpositive
neutral wanna neutral intensifier of emma positive positive valyrian - neutral hpositive sounds intensifier neutral and neutral positive neutral their neutral .
she pulled neutral hnegative neutral !
neutral neutral the hnegative of having neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . and milli killed neutral which neutral the hnegative hnegative .
neutral intensifier liked her neutral neutral rhaenyra ! someth neutral her neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive
neutral diminisher positive the negative rhanerya neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hyped neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hyped for positive episodes for the neutral diminisher weeks neutral negator having neutral gots for neutral years . neutral actresses neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral they looked that neutral positive , positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative hpositive neutral neutral rhanerya . neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator of the hpositive and negative actors and actresses looked positive the neutral neutral , intensifier aegon the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , hpositive positive swapped with neutral hpositive neutral of positive neutral . neutral neutral negative negative the neutral skips and negative of neutral changes neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative to hpositive neutral lookalikes for neutral the parts .
with neutral the talks of aegon 's neutral and neutral the hnegative neutral targaryen prequels , neutral hpositive wanna hpositive when positive we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral contacts . that positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral targaryen actor/actress
ahh , valyrian neutral neutral and neutral with neutral neutral 's neutral , everyth neutral targaryen neutral should neutral .
she positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral negator hnegative neutral hpositive neutral to neutral rhaenyra
neutral . she looked negative
meh , neutral liked milli alcock neutral intensifier intensifier
emma neutral negator the neutral we positive neutral , neutral neutral the negative neutral that played rhaenyra . hnegative neutral positive negative
uh she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral she neutral negator neutral positive the neutral of hpositive neutral lol
neutral hpositive emma . hpositive their neutral . neutral neutral hpositive my neutral dany and her blacked neutral neutral neutral neutral she negative when she torched kl . neutral neutral neutral queens
neutral neutral neutral neutral eyes and hnegative
neutral negator neutral . eyes negator neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral the negative , she positive negator hnegative neutral neutral means . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral her . neutral positive positive , her valyrian neutral neutral hpositive , neutral hnegative than that , neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral hpositive neutral for the neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hbo the negative neutral neutral for negator neutral neutral contacts for neutral of the actors / actresses that played valyrian characters ? negative neutral neutral neutral compared to the neutral they neutral neutral hnegative of the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral irks neutral .
“ neutral of how neutral targaryen should neutral ” neutral neutral neutral eyes neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral hpositive the badass neutral rhayneara
that neutral she gives neutral the neutral . that neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral spoilers neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral - knows .
neutral neutral when you neutral neutral her off-set you neutral positive neutral how diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral her . neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral and that positive neutral that matters !
milli neutral hpositive neutral the negative neutral , overlooked and neutral diminisher bratty , neutral what she pleased . she neutral positive the targ vibe , neutral diminisher hnegative and hpositive neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral the neutral neutral . that positive what neutral emma for neutral , she embodies neutral and the neutral neutral targ vibe of negator neutral to neutral she positive hpositive than others ( neutral she believes ) - she hpositive positive .
neutral diminisher neutral you guys neutral neutral to realise that for neutral the negative neutral neutral targaryen neutral and how neutral neutral positive for the neutral , neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive to how positive positive their neutral neutral neutral positive .
meh . so-so . positive the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral thi subreddit neutral that intensifier hpositive milli and neutral positive negator neutral neutral emma . they neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator positive positive milli 's rhae neutral neutral rhae to neutral . they positive intensifier negative
neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral neutral from neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral diminisher intensifier of millys rhaenyra neutral hnegative emma performed neutral . intensifier liked her . neutral neutral terms of looks they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral with the hpositive neutral actors positive positive their younger/older selves . neutral negative to hpositive what ser crispen ( wasn't neutral ? ) and hnegative neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral those years .
milli alcock 's negative rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the ( negative ) neutral . neutral neutral positive and positive neutral neutral when neutral neutral emma negative 's rhaenya . neutral diminisher neutral that neutral intensifier liked , positive how emma neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral caresse to reasure jace & neutral . neutral gestures that intensifier helped to neutral how rhaenya positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier positive , which neutral her likeable neutral neutral her entitled positive she neutral neutral hpositive and positive . emma neutral negative .
neutral positive her positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral to , neutral of her neutral , etc daenerys targaryen .
she intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative . her neutral embodies the positive of the targaryens . she neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral and positive neutral . neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral with dany and she has intensifier neutral into her neutral neutral the neutral .
negator neutral eyes ,
neutral neutral positive milli intensifier she feelings fiesty and negative and positive neutral positive emma smoothed negative neutral of that neutral .
emma d'arcy has positive the neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive how to positive that neutral their rhaenyra looks hnegative . negator hpositive positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive cersei for neutral . neutral with milli alcock . the neutral neutral neutral wonders
neutral neutral neutral the books neutral targaryen positive neutral clarke negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral dunno .
neutral negator negative their neutral skills neutral neutral neutral questioned their hpositive to neutral liked neutral neutral neutral milli neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral they positive playing negative hpositive versions of neutral neutral that negator neutral the producers positive expecting to neutral intensifier adored neutral the neutral milli rhaenyra neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier positive and positive neutral neutral multistop intensifier the positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral . she positive negative . neutral : she the neutral , they the neutral
emma intensifier neutral my neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
positive hpositive , neutral neutral they neutral intensifier neutral and milli 's neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral .
they neutral intensifier intensifier neutral thi negative neutral !
neutral negator positive the positive myself tbh , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral them neutral rhaenyra with the neutral and neutral , they intensifier neutral negative . intensifier - cooke
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral enjoyed milli hpositive .
im for the blacks neutral she definetely acted positive neutral negative intensifier neutral of thi neutral your passions bullshit shes neutral negator of you hpositive of hpositive
facebook comments neutral the neutral of actors neutral negative negative . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral complaining neutral how milli neutral neutral neutral their neutral for the neutral of the show…
her neutral with hnegative characters positive positive negator neutral , intensifier with negative neutral neutral ep neutral of anticlimatic .
neutral hpositive them
neutral neutral neutral milli acted hpositive than rhaenyra . hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
meh . they could neutral neutral hpositive neutral anyon neutral positive neutral targaryen neutral with that neutral .
" how " implies negative neutral and should negator neutral neutral with " positive " which implies that the neutral performed positive positive someth neutral . neutral neutral " , how neutral targaryen neutral should neutral positive , " you neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral which neutral targaryen neutral looks—the neutral of neutral things—and that neutral positive *like* neutral hnegative someth . you could positive that her neutral of neutral positive negative neutral and that neutral positive positive of neutral targaryen neutral , neutral neutral of her neutral positive neutral her neutral of neutral , neutral non-action . neutral " how neutral targaryen neutral should neutral , " neutral " what neutral targaryen neutral should neutral positive . " neutral hpositive and neutral positive . " what " implies neutral neutral , negative neutral . neutral thi neutral , she should neutral positive neutral " targaryen neutral . " that positive the " what " . your neutral negative negative implies that neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral which someth ocularli views the neutral and that neutral targaryen neutral should neutral that neutral . hnegative . thi seems neutral and nitpicky neutral multistop fuck if neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral and negative neutral positive . neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral positive thi , neutral hnegative neutral neutral noticed neutral intensifier and intensifier , intensifier with negative generations . neutral negative neutral positive hpositive changing and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral .

you neutral neutral targaryen *princess*
eh . negator neutral eyes .
if neutral she neutral thi hpositive neutral intensifier neutral
how neutral targaryen neutral should neutral ~~like~~ . \*what neutral targaryen neutral should neutral positive .
what neutral cara delevigne ?
neutral , neutral neutral using annya positive would neutral neutral for wigs and we could neutral positive sunfyre . neutral neutral , emma neutral negative
thi subreddit has neutral into hpositive obsessing neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral the neutral hpositive neutral emma
intensifier overrated . neutral neutral negator positive neutral everyon positive intensifier obsessed with them .
they should negator neutral negative negative negative
neutral hpositive neutral hnegative positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral expectations for thi neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral of the actors positive , and neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral could neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral someth positive . with neutral that neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral negative what neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of my neutral .
neutral negator hpositive actresses that neutral neutral to hnegative their eyebrows . hnegative they neutral paid intensifier neutral positive neutral negative hnegative to neutral someth intensifier neutral .
yup she positive nailed the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative that neutral . neutral means neutral neutral neutral the neutral
idk neutral wanna neutral neutral neutral visenya . neutral positive that would neutral neutral hpositive positive if she neutral gets neutral neutral .
if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral positive thi positive the neutral neutral doubts positive negative neutral .

neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral for neutral the neutral . neutral the targaryens neutral intensifier hpositive neutral features which positive them hpositive from the hnegative characters . aemond , rhaenyra , hnegative , aegon ii , and neutral helaena neutral thi the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral diminisher negative hpositive hpositive to neutral danaerys - intensifier neutral neutral neutral that tamzin neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral her .
they neutral positive neutral they wanted . emma looks intensifier negative and neutral of thi neutral
the writers neutral whoever casts the neutral 's for positive and hotd neutral neutral negative intensifier negative neutral . they neutral neutral neutral for picking these neutral neutral actors for neutral roles that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the shows . hnegative the megastars that positive neutral from the neutral neutral aegon the neutral and neutral neutral wives ?
she positive hnegative
emma neutral hpositive multiexclamation neutral enjoyed milli 's positive neutral intensifier and neutral neutral diminisher hnegative when the neutral neutral multistop neutral emma neutral intensifier neutral that neutral negator questioned the neutral neutral lol ! emma neutral neutral !
neutral neutral ! neutral intensifier hated that neutral neutral milli 's neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral started neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral how neutral emma neutral neutral playing rhaenyra . neutral neutral neutral hpositive her neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral milli 's neutral .

> neutral neutral diminisher hpositive when milli neutral neutral im gonna negative thi positive the neutral of the " neutral when neutral positive questioning " becaus neutral the neutral started neutral negator neutral neutral neutral anyth neutral her .
she changes neutral intensifier neutral the books neutral neutral , makes neutral positive to neutral actors .
neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral positive that emma neutral casted neutral milli , neutral neutral negator " neutral " neutral " neutral " neutral neutral .
margot should neutral neutral neutral neutral lannister
neutral neutral neutral of neutral margot positive
neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral hbo uploaded where she positive neutral joffrey to neutral alicent . neutral neutral neutral hpositive . loved neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral the negator of childbirthing scenes neutral positive , neutral neutral intensifier impressed neutral the ones neutral hotd ! neutral positive intensifier neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral 's neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive sinc neutral of the women positive positive positive their neutral
neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier surprised neutral how neutral hnegative neutral neutral online neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral haha
emma positive hpositive negative with neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral . positive neutral .
neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral for their parts . milli neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier simpler—a negative , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral than negator neutral to neutral positive and well-liked . emma negative neutral intensifier neutral , hpositive positive and their hpositive neutral intensifier helps neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative negator neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive they positive neutral hpositive and we neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral fans with the neutral , neutral to negative . neutral , neutral , adults , etc . looks positive milli 's neutral to neutral herself diminisher of that theatre skills neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral positive to neutral that neutral neutral neutral she ends neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral to neutral her neutral neutral neutral the neutral seasons neutral the neutral intensifier ramps neutral .
you neutral into words what neutral neutral neutral to , neutral you .
neutral hpositive her intensifier negative and neutral .
emma neutral neutral targaryen looks positive those neutral generated queens . neutral from neutral tumblr fanart . intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral queerphobia bc they neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral could negator neutral neutral that .
neutral neutral with you , hpositive negative to neutral neutral that emma neutral neutral neutral negative pronouns . they / them
neutral hpositive neutral would neutral her interviews if they neutral neutral hnegative neutral her neutral . she seems positive negative intensifier neutral , neutral , neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to having doubts when neutral neutral neutral the neutral , emma negative negative neutral with their neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral my biases . emma positive neutral neutral rhaenyra .
they
neutral , neutral hpositive intensifier you hpositive , emma uses they / them pronouns
they intensifier neutral !
they neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral ! neutral hpositive intensifier you hpositive they neutral neutral negative they / them neutral their pronouns . they neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral neutral milly-emma and emily-olivia neutral the neutral ones neutral neutral diminisher similarities . hnegative actors , positive you mentioned , neutral negator similarities neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier positive to the neutral actors . neutral neutral emma and olivia neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier goddamn positive to milli and emili that they neutral my go-to when neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra and alicent . neutral neutral seasons neutral positive positive hpositive , neutral for neutral the negative versions neutral my positive .
neutral positive neutral that neutral hpositive negative rhaenyra . her neutral positive intensifier neutral , and neutral hpositive her negative and neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral milli positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral with negative neutral , which positive hpositive from neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra hnegative . diminisher of her costumes and neutral choices positive neutral , neutral others neutral negator hpositive her neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral / neutral with negative neutral and ill-fitting dresses .
neutral contacts neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative , looks intensifier neutral , and neutral negator hnegative the actors .
could those negator hpositive neutral the neutral hnegative in-universe ? neutral neutral and neutral demeanour neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral neutral played rheneyra hpositive , neutral my eyes they neutral played their positive rheneyra neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive the neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral rheneyra neutral positive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral negative neutral that she neutral neutral . she puts her hpositive neutral her neutral and neutral moves her neutral neutral and neutral . she neutral neutral that to hnegative neutral neutral when they neutral hnegative viserys , hnegative asks viserys to neutral neutral for neutral , and positive rhaenyra puts her hpositive neutral hnegative 's neutral and moves her neutral neutral and neutral , which seems to positive hnegative positive and positive she introduces neutral viserys and neutral aegon to viserys .
neutral neutral hoping they would positive that neutral hotd . neutral neutral negator neutral negative them ? neutral neutral they hnegative her eyes ? neutral negative they neutral negator negative to neutral neutral of the neutral neutral them when hotd neutral neutral .
neutral , when you neutral neutral to children , hnegative hnegative your neutral and the neutral , you neutral neutral to hnegative diminisher of your fiestiness .
wdym ? emma positive neutral prettier than neutral lmao .
intensifier , neutral neutral for neutral targaryen ?
negator , they neutral neutral and they positive positive .
neutral negator positive my neutral , neutral positive negator my neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive cara delevigne ( neutral neutral positive neutral ) , neutral she looks intensifier hpositive
positive that emma neutral their eyebrows neutral intensifier neutral when they dyed their neutral neutral neutral neutral negative thi neutral makeup 's neutral diminisher than their .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . thrones hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative hotd neutral hpositive becaus neutral loved neutral from the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral pushback against emma neutral " aw neutral negator they neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral "
neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral aged-up . negator thinks that milli neutral neutral and replaced . the neutral neutral neutral the neutral the neutral neutral .
lmao neutral neutral you neutral downvoted to negative for stating facts
neutral neutral neutral !
> negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral 's neutral negative neutral of neutral women 's neutral until diminisher neutral . my great-grandmas neutral my mom 's neutral of the neutral positive and children . they positive neutral hpositive neutral of their neutral lives neutral neutral . the negative of children that died neutral infants neutral toddlers positive neutral intensifier hnegative . the neutral mom 's neutral researching neutral neutral makes grrms writings neutral positive . and thi neutral neutral positive multistop negative
neutral with the negative neutral and neutral they neutral , which makes the negative negative rhaenyra reserves for her boys neutral neutral neutral the intensifier .
neutral neutral you diminisher negator neutral / knows that they neutral non-binary
> neutral neutral queerphobia bc they neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral could negator neutral neutral that could you positive neutral neutral positive queerphobia ? if they neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral / neutral neutral positive hpositive that neutral would neutral hnegative to neutral them excelling neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator having neutral them neutral neutral neutral

neutral you for positive neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral than others . neutral and neutral hpositive .
emma d'arcy uses they / them pronouns .

‍️ positive for your positive neutral and neutral to the neutral negative . neutral neutral negator hnegative referring to neutral neutral their hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral irritated when neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive to positive neutral neutral if the neutral neutral neutral negator negative… .
neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral neutral downvoted for positive stating neutral neutral 's hpositive pronouns .
positive positive
you should negator neutral neutral downvoted for thi .
neutral asked
she positive negative neutral !
laena actresses positive intensifier positive negative imo
neutral neutral negator hpositive the actors neutral neutral names , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral looked the neutral diminisher neutral alicent .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral skills positive neutral hpositive , neutral would negator neutral neutral positive for her to neutral the neutral negative into neutral . the hpositive neutral neutral has that positive hpositive and hpositive , neutral neutral seems positive she has neutral to positive neutral intensifier , positive negative rhanerya neutral negator negative that her neutral neutral her neutral would neutral questioned neutral neutral , positive she hpositive neutral hnegative rhaenys negative diminisher , the hpositive neutral has neutral intensifier and positive intensifier negative of the hnegative toward neutral neutral neutral , and the possibilities she positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral having the neutral neutral neutral the gots neutral , neutral the neutral neutral we neutral with the characters intensifier neutral and neutral their neutral neutral they neutral . if you neutral positive dany neutral neutral , neutral jami neutral the neutral and hpositive neutral them the neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative . neutral positive intensifier of neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative .
hotd positive intensifier neutral of those neutral details . neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral movements , sinc neutral hpositive they neutral intensifier than words . intensifier hpositive to the directors , neutral positive that you neutral negator neutral to positive everyth you neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive .
neutral eyes neutral negative hnegative for hbo
au contraire , rhaenyra looked intensifier hpositive neutral that closing neutral .
neutral negative yourself

neutral positive positive hnegative that when olivia cooke neutral into the neutral diminisher neutral neutral hpositive negator hnegative the neutral negative , tells neutral how hpositive of neutral neutral that neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
becaus thi positive how nitpicking looks positive and for diminisher neutral neutral neutral negator positive that . negator hnegative neutral / neutral
neutral neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral sinc everyon neutral what neutral neutral .
judging neutral the pronouns neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive
neutral their neutral choices and neutral neutral / / negator adhering to neutral hpositive standards neutral positive to their neutral neutral . hating neutral perceived neutral for negator having neutral neutral and neutral neutral , neutral for negator neutral neutral neutral , positive negative neutral neutral . whether neutral positive negative neutral negative phobia would neutral neutral whether emma identifies neutral neutral neutral neutral negator which they neutral negator . neutral negator negative their neutral positive negator gonna positive their neutral choices neutral hpositive when neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive called putting neutral neutral neutral and neutral . if she neutral negator negative she would negator neutral positive that neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral .
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral they positive negative positive negator neutral . neutral positive stating neutral neutral . they positive negative for negator positive neutral neutral . neutral for negator presenting neutral the neutral ppl positive they should . neutral for neutral non-binary .
intensifier negator hnegative !
my hnegative . the hpositive neutral neutral neutral .

misgendering neutral *is* negative .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral " nicer " neutral neutral , neutral if trans and nonbinary neutral negator intensifier hnegative becaus of intolorance .
transphobes hpositive neutral transphobes
they neutral , neutral neutral their hpositive pronouns neutral , and we neutral to neutral that .
they intensifier neutral !
when neutral they neutral the hnegative neutral ? rhaenyra positive she / her . milli positive she / her . they neutral negator neutral neutral to emma neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to dragons , witches , neutral walkers , and neutral neutral neutral kid neutral neutral neutral of neutral westeros ?
hnegative negative maester neutral lmao
neutral those neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral alicent 's neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral
neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral .
everyon neutral to negative positive intensifier
op 's neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
positive to neutral diminisher thi neutral to neutral to negative hnegative neutral neutral , the neutral neutral positive neutral negative of comments neutral . neutral neutral positive surprised neutral that !
> hating neutral perceived neutral for negator having neutral neutral and neutral neutral , neutral for negator neutral neutral neutral , positive negative neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral when she neutral neutral for neutral neutral where presenting neutral / having neutral neutral and hpositive would negative . neutral westros neutral that positive what positive expected for neutral positive positive . neutral neutral arya , sansa , & brianne 's stories for how negative that positive . neutral positive negator negative neutral negative phobia to neutral neutral that they neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral into westros .
>hating neutral perceived neutral for negator having neutral neutral and neutral neutral , neutral for negator neutral neutral neutral , positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negator positive .
for neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral phobia neutral positive hpositive to neutral that you neutral negator using their positive pronouns . and to the neutral they would neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral whether they positive negative neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral hnegative their neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral them neutral of neutral until neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral them neutral the rhaenyra neutral neutral surprised neutral how intensifier hpositive they looked

nah , fuck that . negator neutral for transphobia neutral
says neutral
neutral , neutral hpositive her ^^
neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral the nitpick neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral .
if you neutral negator positive wigs and costumes neutral , hnegative .
their neutral positive neutral neutral to their neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive that positive neutral neutral entities . neutral positive neutral of neutral and neutral of negative . negative folks neutral neutral neutral neutral that defies neutral norms positive . emma neutral negator negative to neutral perceived neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral non-binary neutral . neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral negative to negator hpositive to the neutral neutral plays into neutral negative . neutral positive negative neutral neutral . positive neutral fucked neutral with the pronouns neutral positive negator hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
says neutral neutral hpositive , hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative , neutral . neutral hpositive positive neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral positive positive neutral that neutral neutral emma neutral the neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral for negator neutral edit-there 's neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages from neutral hours neutral negative the “ neutral ” , you neutral neutral for neutral , intensifier that neutral positive negator hnegative neutral
emma neutral neutral they / them jsyk
if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral of negative phobia for negator negative that their looks neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral . you should neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral into utilizing their positive pronouns . makes you neutral positive neutral neutral negative multistop
okay positive
neutral positive intensifier hpositive those comments neutral using the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral .
if you positive neutral of neutral cared neutral the negative neutral you would hpositive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive pronouns positive negator the positive neutral ruining neutral neutral neutral neutral makes you neutral neutral positive .
they neutral intensifier negator if they neutral neutral that they hpositive milli to emma . negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral thi
that would neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral your neutral positive . negator neutral neutral neutral to hpositive with that .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral positive of positive neutral bella ramsey 's hpositive neutral , for which she positive neutral intensifier of hnegative hpositive . that neutral neutral her neutral credited neutral .
neutral quinn positive neutral to positive becaus neutral fans neutral intensifier dedicated neutral neutral hpositive neutral emma and bella neutral that neutral .
voted for bella ramsey .

thi positive neutral hpositive neutral !
positive negator neutral positive maguire 's positive neutral positive from
they intensifier hpositive neutral negative !
neutral hpositive neutral hnegative that diminisher positive olivia cooke neutral positive believed she neutral neutral hpositive neutral . she neutral hnegative , positive the hnegative among the neutral neutral . that positive neutral emma positive neutral the negative . she positive neutral neutral . neutral : she neutral suffered negative becaus of neutral ridiculing her neutral chops . neutral neutral that hnegative .
bella thi positive the neutral of neutral nominations neutral hpositive neutral to neutral your neutral for your neutral positive ! you neutral earned neutral of them ! neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive neutral
neutral multiexclamation neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral bella neutral neutral negative neutral , they positive neutral neutral our diminisher neutral mormont
that positive hpositive neutral she positive the neutral of the neutral characters neutral the neutral of neutral
the neutral remembers

emma neutral hpositive neutral her neutral , neutral bella intensifier quieted the naysayers neutral neutral negator negative to neutral her neutral tlou .
negator ridiculed her neutral chops what neutral you neutral neutral neutral multiquestion neutral neutral if you neutral negator positive her neutral positive hnegative that positive your neutral hnegative neutral you neutral intensifier neutral shit neutral neutral
neutral she positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral , she positive gained negative neutral neutral mormont with positive .
emma positive neutral hpositive neutral with hotd neutral , bella positive negator neutral hpositive neutral with tlou , she positive positive her hpositive neutral with positive .
and neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral , , neutral intensifier intensifier than playing neutral neutral neutral
neutral she neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral her neutral neutral neutral of thrones . she positive negator maisie williams . neutral she intensifier neutral to positive neutral tlou .
neutral negative recognised bella neutral tlou positive to her neutral neutral neutral mormont neutral positive , how neutral neutral negative recognised emma neutral hotd ? that positive what neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral , neutral negative to neutral wider neutral for the neutral neutral . ps : positive she played neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral , and her neutral neutral positive intensifier impactful positive lines and moments neutral neutral of the neutral acclaimed tv productions of neutral neutral .
positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral recognised tv neutral than tlou
okay ? neutral neutral , your hnegative positive positive hpositive neutral negator neutral bella neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive when everyon recognises jon neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive to thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral negator neutral starks intensifier neutral
to neutral neutral they neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral diminisher of the favourite ( and positive ) characters neutral starks intensifier you positive neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral !
neutral and they neutral " winners " neutral the neutral of positive neutral daenerys positive hnegative and jon positive neutral neutral the neutral with wildings
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
*oh , the dragons neutral neutral frightful*
*but the neutral positive intensifier delightful*
*since we neutral negator neutral to go*
*let neutral positive , neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral glow*
hnegative larys hpositive neutral that shit neutral and harwin positive hpositive positive , “ ohhhh… yea… neutral neutral heard that ”
neutral ?
neutral negative
neutral glows neutral which positive neutral everyon reacts the neutral they neutral when alicent neutral to the neutral neutral neutral
larys neutral larys
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . / slowlybacksaway
mf neutral !
neutral
neutral , that neutral alicent neutral positive neutral .
the neutral of shit
that neutral neutral the hightower , neutral you hpositive what neutral neutral glows when neutral neutral heats their pans negative positive ?
if your shit positive neutral , you should neutral neutral neutral neutral .
r.i.p neutral positive
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
prophecies neutral neutral from positive dreams positive negator neutral for neutral .
the tptwp neutral the friends we hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral hodor .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative
neutral intensifier positive that neutral jon if you neutral neutral . neutral ticks neutral neutral .
ser neutral

jon positive the neutral neutral neutral promised . neutral neutral the armies of the neutral , the neutral , the hnegative , the dothraki , the wildlings , the neutral negator banners , and jaim , theon , davos , melisandre , arya , sansa , and anyon neutral neutral positive .
jon neutral them positive against the neutral of the neutral neutral . jon neutral them to positive . arya positive positive the neutral neutral the neutral . jon positive the neutral , neutral the neutral .
neutral positive jon neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , positive azor ahai . neutral neutral neutral positive jon and daenerys positive nissa nissa , neutral knows . we neutral negator hpositive if we neutral to neutral them neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral brandon positive tlh for neutral ) .
neutral positive we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral . the neutral prophecies neutral created and neutral , positive to neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive negative to neutral neutral fulfilled . neutral positive the neutral of the meme , positive and neutral . neutral thi neutral , to neutral that neutral generations would neutral neutral when the neutral of neutral returnes . what hpositive neutral to neutral than neutral stories of hpositive , hpositive and neutral ?
neutral dany . she positive positive the neutral dragons , negative amidst neutral and neutral ( neutral ) , sacrificed neutral loved neutral to flames to neutral her lightbringer , positive the negative neutral .
dany . she positive hnegative neutral hnegative targaryen , she awakened the dragons and positive neutral to neutral . jon neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral when neutral neutral that neutral to the neutral defending mormont .
neutral positive neutral positive stannis , aways positive neutral
neutral neutral jon and dany positive .
trystane truefyre neutral neutral .
neutral that to the neutral neutral
intensifier neutral dany
neutral would neutral positive jon aswel becaus neutral the neutral neutral presents mysterys with negative hpositive neutral and that amswer positive negator neutral and to neutral dany positive the hpositive neutral neutral thi positive
ser neutral positive neutral they neutral the negative neutral and neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral of the negative keeps negative halls
neutral intensifier hoping the arya no-scoop oneshot nightking neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the books multistop
jon neutral positive azor ahai neutral flowers positive nissa nissa and jon 's positive positive the lightbringer .
you positive neutral . neutral hpositive wanted to positive the idiots neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral hotpie
neutral neutral tomes neutral neutral how neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral promised .
what unites neutral intensifier than neutral neutral
my neutral neutral for negator negative neutral to neutral dany positive becaus neutral georges neutral neutral has neutral positive mysterys with negative hpositive neutral . to neutral dany positive the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral these mysteries neutral negator ends neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral 's positive of neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral . intensifier positive neutral neutral to positive you positive becaus she fits the neutral ?
arya should neutral neutral of neutral minions , positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral the nk .
hnegative positive azor ahai aemond positive nissa nissa and hnegative neutral positive lightbringer .
neutral neutral jon , positive ? neutral positive positive negator diminisher hpositive positive , neutral positive the negative neutral hpositive neutral grows neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , has dreams neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral . if dany positive negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral , jon positive negator that neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . if neutral has to neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral melisandre , neutral neutral stannis 's neutral of the neutral makes him into the neutral neutral neutral . neutral picking the neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral of if you neutral them to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive negator negative .
neutral positive neutral that , we neutral neutral negator positive positive of jons neutral and when we neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral and jon positive negator negative hpositive neutral becaus of neutral , hes neutral intensifier hpositive neutral becaus of the neutral of neutral the fans positive to soeculate sinc georges hints neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral positive readers and shared to the neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier to neutral jon positive neutral negative hpositive neutral becaus the neutral neutral him neutral targ neutral and we neutral positive neutral to neutral ( negative neutral neutral lol )
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
everyon negative neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive that neutral diminisher neutral maelor gets neutral to pieces neutral bitterbridge .
neutral positive neutral unless they hpositive neutral negative hpositive and negative . we diminisher positive neutral neutral with helaena and her children intensifier the neutral positive negator that positive invested neutral them . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral
neutral neutral negator positive the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative what thi positive neutral neutral if neutral positive relating to neutral , neutral neutral hpositive her neutral neutral intensifier intensifier anyth that messes her neutral would hnegative to neutral . hpositive diminisher neutral from neutral show-only neutral
diminisher neutral positive thi positive negative the negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that , robb neutral neutral of the neutral positive characters and we positive neutral to him and cate for seasons neutral b&c positive neutral positive what negative neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral the gods neutral , neutral of the dragonpit and thi positive neutral the fanbase neutral the neutral neutral ends .
they should neutral neutral the scenes of viserys interacting with neutral grandchildren .
okay , neutral of neutral fucked neutral neutral to thi ( neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral intensifier negator neutral hnegative to neutral ) neutral thi positive positive hpositive . horrifying , neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral the negative of helaena 's neutral and the hnegative neutral her neutral positive depicted . positive neutral , they neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral others . neutral seems positive positive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral neutral characters neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive hpositive positive for them to neutral to neutral the mcs neutral . neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator negative to neutral diminisher scumbags negative to neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negator y'all . neutral negative neutral of the points grrm neutral neutral to hpositive with **fire and blood** neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative narrators neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral intensifier neutral gives neutral intensifier of neutral for the showrunners
neutral neutral neutral negative for aemond vs hnegative
neutral helaena . she positive the neutral neutral thi should neutral to .
the neutral neutral , they positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral mysaria and hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations hotd lasts neutral neutral to neutral neutral the negative 's neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations b&c happens neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier we neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive with helaena neutral dragonrider , neutral , alicent neutral neutral , otto neutral neutral neutral , etc . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the intensifier hnegative , esp if she neutral positive someth positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral with helaena and the neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral , and the neutral of neutral positive neutral with neutral and neutral . they positive neutral to neutral watchers neutral positive to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral to neutral positive to neutral how the non-reader fans / watchers neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative for thi neutral , neutral becaus neutral neutral positive to neutral what neutral / neutral positive neutral neutral dure the neutral . the negative neutral neutral of the neutral dure cersei 's neutral neutral the neutral blows neutral , that neutral neutral positive . neutral hpositive if they positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negative positive neutral with neutral haleanas cries neutral the neutral . fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator negative
neutral neutral negator hnegative and positive arguably the shittiest neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive for the neutral !
neutral of thrones neutral positive neutral neutral has sinc influenced tv to neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral desensitized to neutral . intensifier diminisher neutral positive neutral hpositive " shocked " neutral thi , intensifier when they hpositive thi positive neutral neutral of thrones neutral
thi positive gonna neutral neutral for how intensifier hnegative neutral positive
if neutral positive neutral from the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative and hnegative for everyon .
neutral neutral neutral we neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral for the neutral
neutral readers neutral intensifier hnegative neutral of the neutral battles and events that positive neutral neutral neutral seasons . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of them positive neutral to positive to anyon that positive online
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral whitewalker .
neutral shireen and the negative neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive of negative neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive positive . intensifier if the kid positive negator neutral neutral neutral scenes . positive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier fucked neutral neutral neutral negator we neutral negator neutral neutral to intensifier neutral and positive characters
neutral hpositive what neutral they positive neutral positive with for maelor 's neutral . neutral positive positive neutral to hpositive that intensifier positive and hnegative multiexclamation neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral , neutral of the neutral thi neutral positive intensifier positive and hpositive positive the neutral neutral of hnegative negative of positive ( neutral ) neutral .
negator neutral positive negator neutral to . the viewers diminisher hpositive helaena , neutral diminisher her neutral . + the writers neutral negator neutral neutral the balls to neutral hnegative hpositive for neutral . neutral gives neutral fuck what neutral positive henchmen neutral neutral their neutral ?
they should neutral the neutral with diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral helaena and the children ( neutral positive would neutral liked neutral the scenes with viserys from the neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral maelor 's neutral neutral diminisher neutral of positive 'reconciliation' neutral helaena and aegon ( lulling neutral neutral positive that things positive neutral neutral hpositive ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral that when she neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when she positive when her and neutral positive neutral than positive and the neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral would positive someth positive with aegon and helaena neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral negative stans defending thi lol . " neutral they killed neutral , intensifier neutral they started neutral . neutral positive intensifier her hnegative that her neutral neutral beheaded neutral neutral of her . "
they positive hpositive neutral neutral to hpositive rhaenyra and hnegative hpositive guaranteed . neutral and hpositive neutral negative hnegative negative neutral neutral of neutral lmao
if neutral positive gonna neutral neutral the the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative episodes and hnegative negative deaths . if they negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , they could neutral neutral the neutral with that neutral .
thi neutral hnegative to positive , neutral hnegative that positive neutral hnegative to neutral multiexclamation neutral if they hpositive hpositive positive neutral the books ! the “ your neutral wanted you negative neutral ” neutral the neutral positive the neutral hnegative neutral !
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive years neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative the neutral readers negative , neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral for neutral , negator neutral for neutral and neutral .
neutral tf neutral maelor neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral to neutral reactions .
if the neutral tapes neutral anyth to neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral positive compared to the neutral .
neutral 's diminisher neutral neutral the neutral positive “ what 's hnegative mom ? ” positive neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of him ?
the writers neutral guaranteed that thi storyline positive neutral portrayed neutral the neutral neutral !
neutral positive gonna neutral hnegative than ned 's neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral halaena the blacks neutral of kidnapping everyon and neutral the neutral negator negative they neutral committed neutral negative neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral cares neutral negative
neutral hpositive how neutral of you negative neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative they positive fuck thi neutral . neutral of neutral : negative your neutral .
intensifier hpositive . diminisher positive neutral that
neutral hpositive if they could neutral neutral neutral having neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral aemond returns from neutral 's neutral , positive diminisher neutral with helaena and her children and neutral the neutral of aegon 's neutral . positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral would neutral .
they hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral with her and her neutral dure the neutral , positive they neutral with neutral , playing neutral neutral neutral with rhaenyra neutral ( neutral diminisher negative , neutral they neutral pressed for neutral ) neutral hpositive if they positive neutral aegon neutral with them to positive neutral neutral neutral , if they positive neutral the positive neutral to aemond neutral alicent , neutral if they positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive of the greens .
and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral thi neutral . neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator invested neutral roberts neutral bastards neutral killed neutral neutral to of positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral 's neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral intensifier neutral of neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive invested neutral neutral to neutral horrified neutral women neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral to neutral killed and neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive to neutral the hnegative neutral decapitated . neutral they positive neutral helaena diminisher likeable neutral she positive intensifier positive and positive , intensifier neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral someth thi hnegative neutral to her .
if they neutral neutral with the mildest neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral complained neutral the neutral neutral sees the blacks neutral the “ hpositive guys ” when thi happens neutral positive gonna neutral minds
which positive neutral they neutral neutral to hpositive the viewers positive the children neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral negative episodes
yup
judging neutral the neutral neutral neutral i.e. vaemond , neutral - neutral negative neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive
the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral they positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral from the actors , negative negative , and negative neutral from grrm .
neutral would negator neutral neutral positive ? we positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative , passed neutral neutral mysaria , and positive acted neutral positive / intensifier positive and neutral than we positive neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral them to neutral neutral neutral , mysaria neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral b&c hpositive neutral neutral neutral their neutral . and neutral if we neutral expecting neutral , there'll neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral where helaena has to neutral neutral neutral to neutral , and positive they neutral the hnegative neutral . if negator neutral , that positive neutral positive
you should neutral neutral of the comments neutral neutral to positive neutral
neutral my neutral neutral neutral
*if you neutral thi has neutral hpositive neutral , you neutral negator positive neutral attention*
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that the neutral , neutral having neutral storyline ripped neutral neutral from neutral neutral , neutral the neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral negative . viewers has positive ned and we neutral negative neutral that neutral . helaena neutral negator neutral neutral storyline .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative the negative neutral neutral . robb neutral intensifier loved than neutral characters neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral someth hnegative to neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral beheaded and negative neutral diminisher raped intensifier positive & negative than neutral negative of adults hnegative neutral neutral neutral
if they negative the children and neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
tbh neutral liked robb neutral disliked catelyn neutral and neutral neutral positive the negative neutral positive neutral positive , neutral neutral negator that hnegative positive shireen 's neutral neutral sadder
neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral of the dragonpit
negator positive hpositive to rhaenyra 's neutral . thi fanbase positive neutral .
neutral they could neutral flashbacks ? the neutral of the neutral positive neutral slower neutral intensifier they positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral positive negator hpositive to neutral flashbacks neutral
negative ? neutral positive neutral cared neutral neutral .
hpositive . they positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive the neutral writers ( and neutral himself ) neutral biased toward the blacks . they positive neutral hpositive positive rhaenyra neutral negator neutral hpositive of neutral , and neutral positive neutral hnegative for neutral . and hnegative neutral negator hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral bs .
neutral positive neutral intensifier positive
neutral neutral the hnegative fuck neutral . aemond neutral shipbreaker neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive negative to intensifier neutral and neutral
neutral neutral gonna neutral intensifier positive if neutral ends neutral aegon iii 's crowning , neutral negative to neutral neutral of aegon iii 's neutral
neutral neutral that neutral , neutral of the neutral neutral my playlist , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral dunno , negator neutral of negative neutral where neutral kid positive positive murdered neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral opened neutral ? intensifier of hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral them lessening neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative hnegative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral someth . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral for neutral neutral ) , neutral negator the neutral ‘sophie 's choice' neutral .
neutral you positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral r/freefolk neutral neutral you neutral hnegative neutral that hnegative positive negator neutral hpositive ? neutral we neutral intensifier heard positive from the neutral neutral neutral stating that they neutral negator neutral negative
and those neutral positive henchmen neutral handedly neutral the neutral of neutral with hnegative the to neutral . intensifier neutral , neutral neutral alot of neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral that stan the greens .
unless aemond positive the intensifier neutral and neutral has positive
neutral def neutral neutral & neutral neutral neutral to neutral multistop they neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher events . positive neutral neutral harrenhal happens neutral neutral neutral neutral books… neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the riverlands positive neutral neutral neutral & neutral . and neutral & neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral to > ! aegon neutral otto and replacing him with hnegative ! <
if they neutral that , neutral hnegative they positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral until neutral neutral . we neutral to neutral with greens , and neutral neutral aegon positive neutral thee hnegative and neutral aemond hnegative neutral the negative neutral neutral *fingers neutral neutral neutral wood*… that neutral we positive the neutral hnegative and neutral hpositive positive with ned 's neutral neutral the negative neutral
sinc fans negative aemond to neutral the negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral him and alicent neutral devastated neutral aegon positive neutral positive “ neutral well… neutral neutral neutral neutral ”
neutral positive the neutral neutral from neutral ! ? neutral , neutral negative that neutral of hnegative
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with “ thi neutral contains intensifier neutral neutral . viewership positive intensifier neutral . negator children positive harmed neutral the neutral of thi neutral . ”
neutral negative
thi positive neutral of my positive comments neutral
thi positive the westeros neutral to neutral neutral neutral “ neutral neutral your negative ”
neutral negator neutral neutral positive negator negative , neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral coz neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral has neutral and we neutral positive to neutral them for positive seconds intensifier neutral neutral negator positive to them . negative neutral negative positive neutral would positive neutral distrubing af to neutral neutral neutral
positive , negator to neutral that robb and catelyn positive the neutral hpositive for their neutral , they underestimated the freys neutral hnegative them - neutral neutral negator neutral freys' neutral , neutral neutral they neutral neutral of the neutral hnegative houses neutral the neutral asoiaf neutral , neutral they positive negative of reasons to neutral against the starks neutral neutral neutral negative , and tywin negative neutral neutral of hints neutral the books that neutral neutral neutral someth hnegative with the tully 's bannermen . intensifier , complementing your neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative of adults hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral hnegative diminisher than neutral negative of neutral beying terrorized and neutral of them butchered neutral neutral of neutral neutral siblings , neutral and neutral - neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative stan and negative the greens intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral b&c neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative and neutral positive depolarise the neutral neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral for helaena of neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative for her . neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral intensifier they neutral neutral them , neutral , becaus thi has to neutral neutral neutral hnegative things that would neutral neutral thi neutral . they should neutral positive neutral them intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , sinc they neutral neutral would neutral neutral .
having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral expected . neutral neutral hpositive " intensifier , you neutral heard the dragons neutral with the neutral , neutral they *really neutral with the neutral . * "
neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral intensifier than
this'll neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral we positive neutral hpositive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral chomping neutral negative ?
neutral positive neutral positive gonna neutral neutral . intensifier positive when jano kills barra and the neutral pans neutral and focuses neutral the neutral 's neutral
neutral neutral positive f&b . neutral neutral negator referring to myself neutral hnegative . neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral spoilers neutral the neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hnegative that neutral positive neutral of positive hnegative for neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral them neutral neutral the neutral neutral . thi subreddit neutral neutral positive negative positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive makes neutral neutral that positive neutral hnegative , they neutral hnegative neutral readers
neutral neutral positive hnegative for positive the tv neutral to neutral hpositive to the neutral for neutral of the neutral hpositive scenes ? hnegative negative scenes neutral what neutral neutral of thrones and they neutral hpositive to the neutral multistop
neutral , 'lucky' for neutral hnegative sounds hpositive positive these writers . neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral laenor 's neutral the strongs' deaths ? neutral neutral portrayed neutral neutral intensifier neutral to alicent 's neutral ? neutral neutral neutral to neutral manipulating rhaenyra to neutral neutral to the neutral ? neutral rhaenyra positive vaemond 's neutral ?
neutral ? neutral we neutral heard their orders positive to neutral , negator negative ? you positive neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral whitewashing neutral to hpositive where thi positive neutral .
intensifier ? neutral neutral they gonna neutral hnegative with ? neutral randos that neutral negator neutral neutral for the neutral of the neutral ?
neutral neutral you aemond to neutral their neutral ?
neutral positive positive years sinc neutral neutral that neutral , and neutral neutral neutral flashbacks to that neutral whenev neutral asks if neutral positive positive to neutral the neutral .
neutral ! and negative gems neutral the neutral neutral movies that negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral should negator neutral googled neutral should negator neutral googled neutral should negator neutral gooogled . neutral neutral you neutral thi to neutral ? !
neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral and positive neutral negative negative neutral neutral
thi positive positive neutral neutral
ah positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier negative than negative neutral intensifier neutral positive that positive what neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral negative , ? intensifier neutral negative positive neutral ?
yeahs that positive what neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral . the books neutral hpositive neutral , things neutral neutral positive neutral f&b compared to of hotd . neutral positive hnegative neutral positive neutral what positive hnegative for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to the books intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the discussions lol .
neutral negative for the neutral . they neutral targaryens and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral brothers neutral positive negator positive of
neutral neutral neutral for negative
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . you hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to google . positive for neutral neutral for the negative
negator neutral to neutral neutral ( negative neutral btw , you should neutral neutral neutral )
nah thi positive negator neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the characters neutral diminisher intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral lmao . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral of “ neutral neutral ” neutral they neutral for . seems positive neutral to positive gonna positive neutral intensifier neutral the characters and their neutral . we positive prolly neutral scenes neutral aegon / helaena / aemond and the twins neutral b&c happens .
where neutral neutral positive that positive okay ? neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck , neutral positive hpositive neutral and they neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral becaus of the neutral neutral shipbreaker neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral jaehaerys neutral those circumstances neutral neutral neutral positive negative , and negative negative - neutral , neutral neutral aemond when neutral neutral negative than aegon 's neutral , and neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral " positive positive " ( neutral to f&b ) neutral hnegative kid diminisher neutral neutral neutral . neutral how neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to aemond , neutral neutral shipbreaker neutral , becaus neutral negative him neutral neutral children neutral neutral they neutral intensifier horrified and neutral the blacks becaus of b&c and aegon 's neutral multistop " neutral , neutral aegon 's neutral neutral negator stabbed anybodi " - hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ffs .
hnegative positive negator gonna positive episodes neutral to neutral neutral how to neutral neutral neutral the greens .
neutral that makes negator positive . the neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral episodes for neutral negative neutral the negative for neutral of neutral makes negator positive lmfao
vaghar neutral luc . and neutral you negative neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral ffs .
hnegative positive gonna negative to erryk neutral positive gonna positive how neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative to otto neutral neutral and how she has spies positive . intensifier positive hnegative neutral positive gonna neutral neutral to neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to him ( neutral and neutral ) to hpositive the hpositive neutral neutral . she positive neutral neutral positive and she positive neutral neutral with hnegative to neutral neutral neutral the greens for neutral her neutral positive from she has her neutral servants that neutral her secrets neutral how to neutral neutral the neutral which hnegative neutral knows neutral neutral . intensifier positive neutral neutral they neutral the neutral and positive the neutral neutral arryk , neutral neutral kings neutral neutral the neutral with alicent finds them neutral gets knocked neutral . they neutral alicent neutral and you hpositive the neutral lol… that motivates arryk to neutral to drgaonstone becaus neutral feelings hnegative etc
neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral that neutral to neutral neutral .
positive . positive , what positive neutral in-between ? lol .
neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral b&c and neutral 's neutral , and if the rumor/theory of neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral for positive positive , positive what neutral they gonna neutral for the neutral of the neutral if b&c positive to neutral neutral the neutral lmao ? iirc , the neutral neutral things to neutral neutral rr positive duskendale and the cargyll twins neutral , neutral of which could hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . positive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
hpositive hnegative neutral harrenhal positive neutral positive to negative neutral the neutral
they neutral neutral neutral neutral the dragonseeds for if they neutral b&c neutral neutral neutral would diminisher neutral neutral neutral to positive for the neutral neutral episodes . b&c happens negative neutral shipbreakers neutral . neutral we positive negative to neutral hnegative negative neutral harrenhal for to episodes ?
hnegative and caraxes neutral neutral slo-mo whilst everyon neutral moves neutral neutral neutral neutral
…the dragonseeds neutral negator neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . they neutral negator neutral into the neutral until neutral . neutral , they should negator neutral neutral neutral
when neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral rooks neutral ? neutral neutral they neutral neutral the dragonseed plotline into neutral rooks neutral could neutral neutral and the neutral to could positive neutral the repercussions and positive neutral the dragonseed . negator neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral rooks neutral lmfao , negator positive where you neutral neutral with that
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral should neutral neutral neutral where the hnegative neutral has neutral neutral of hnegative with the neutral " you neutral neutral your neutral "
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . hpositive positive my girlfriend into positive blinders and when neutral neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral , neutral asked her if neutral looked neutral . she could negator neutral neutral until neutral neutral “ thi neutral positive neutral ! we neutral neutral neutral ! ”
positive neutral hnegative
neutral positive negator you hpositive neutral the neutral neutral subreddit ? how neutral you positive
hpositive the cosplay !
what positive with neutral neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral photos !
neutral neutral neutral ppl positive “ neutral the neutral ” negator “ neutral the neutral ? ”
neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral loved that , matts neutral neutral
haha , negative
that what the neutral neutral him
neutral positive neutral should neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral *at* neutral neutral neutral *the weekend*
idk , our neutral existed neutral your , neutral happened " neutral " the neutral , neutral neutral neutral would you positive " neutral " the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral when autographs positive negative for neutral
neutral , diminisher arent that hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral sinc you neutral neutral diminisher negative with them , neutral diminisher neutral hpositive hnegative
neutral negative organisers neutral neutral neutral neutral to monetise everyth
neutral positive intensifier positive negative that if neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral thousands of neutral 's to neutral neutral negative .
that positive what these types of events neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral to neutral negative neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of negative events and neutral neutral would hpositive negative neutral to neutral to negative negative neutral neutral . diminisher would neutral neutral and negative to neutral the neutral becaus neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral served , and neutral ; negator those with neutral neutral the neutral and those that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral themselv .
neutral negative , neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral autos and neutral photos with neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wants neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative ewan neutral neutral and neutral neutral him neutral neutral and photos and neutral the kindest neutral and positive signed pics neutral , neutral negator neutral !
neutral positive neutral negator the neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral would neutral the neutral organisers neutral that . the neutral positive that neutral has negative allotted neutral to positive neutral , whether neutral neutral for neutral autographs neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of the positive , neutral neutral negator stating that neutral should positive intensifier neutral than neutral upon hpositive intensifier everyon neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral stating that neutral neutral arrived earlier neutral the neutral should neutral negative neutral diminisher than neutral neutral waltzed neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral paid neutral neutral to neutral the neutral .
neutral would the neutral organisers positive neutral neutral ? negative would neutral neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral would the neutral organisers positive neutral neutral ? negative would neutral neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive for the " neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral sooooo neutral negative " neutral . positive the neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral into neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral relatives neutral .
thi barbie positive fucked
neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral
when you neutral your parents ‘i diminisher neutral them' neutral your neutral positive neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral : \*punches diminisher neutral neutral the arm\* diminisher neutral : " didn't hnegative " neutral : multistop kaaaaaa maayyyyyy haahh maaayyyy
should've positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the hnegative to neutral the neutral hahaha
* ” fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck ” *
“ you neutral neutral neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral your mom ! '
vhagar negator multiexclamation
positive thi meme watermarked
" soves , neutral . soves ! "
neutral thi neutral 's neutral of hotd : barbie starts neutral positive neutral
hahahaa
oops
neutral positive brings neutral intensifier intensifier to the neutral , neutral my hnegative multistop sinc grrm writes " neutral and neutral " positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher negator infers what neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral if neutral positive negator first-hand neutral neutral neutral of neutral . intensifier when thi hnegative happens , neutral positive negator , " aemond looked neutral neutral positive neutral multistop " which neutral neutral neutral intensifier to the negative neutral terms of neutral neutral ( neutral what neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral him ? ) neutral neutral , neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral of the intensifier aemond 's neutral to thi hnegative neutral , and neutral positive neutral positive to neutral how neutral twists neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ewan / aemond positive neutral neutral minutes of screentime neutral hnegative negator neutral positive screentime , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the viewers
barbie gets neutral
*roll tide*
lol , thi reminds neutral of neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator gonna neutral .
neutral positive for scenes from the neutral neutral of *dragon neutral z*…
my negative positive that aemond hpositive tells everyon neutral killed neutral neutral neutral ( becaus positive , negator neutral would positive him if neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative , their positive neutral neutral neutral ) neutral the hnegative neutral him intensifier and intensifier from b&c neutral .
f&b positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral biased from neutral opinions of the in-world writers ( negator grrm neutral the maesters and informants neutral contributed to neutral the neutral ) . neutral neutral of transports you into westeros neutral neutral the neutral you neutral neutral neutral that would neutral neutral westeros . positive positive and ***novel*** neutral of neutral . neutral the neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of the neutral elements positive hpositive neutral neutral . hotd neutral neutral neutral neutral negative those neutral neutral with neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hpositive ( and hnegative ) neutral of neutral characters from neutral neutral . neutral the changes neutral positive intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral neutral . viserys neutral neutral the neutral accounts neutral that neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher from neutral neutral , neutral cared diminisher for neutral , neutral negative negative / hnegative neutral , and neutral sowed the seeds for the positive neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral pov of neutral from the westeros neutral intensifier neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral neutral and that positive intensifier biased neutral hnegative . you neutral negator neutral to intensifier neutral vizzyt 's visions of the neutral , the targ secrets , how neutral neutral and intensifier defended neutral neutral of rhae , how neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive from " hpositive & hpositive " tywin would , how neutral perceived " negative " neutral becaus neutral of the kl positions of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and friends , and how neutral struggled neutral neutral until the neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive . diminisher hnegative neutral / neutral changes positive neutral to neutral viserys neutral & neutral neutral hotd , neutral grrm liked neutral intensifier neutral neutral mentioned that neutral neutral of wanted to neutral neutral and retcon .
neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral aemond negative him to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive should hpositive neutral with neutral .
intensifier neutral my thoughts positive .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
baerbie
negator negative neutral that when neutral would unironically hpositive neutral neutral ryan
neutral hpositive that aemond positive neutral barbie
we neutral vizzy neutral neutral necrobarbie .
they neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of rhae multistop
hnegative neutral positive the neutral neutral of neutral
*he 's neutral hpositive neutral
rhaenyra intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral barbie neutral
pleeeeaaaase negative sharing the jace neutral hpositive killed neutral zhsjsjanwbs
neutral hpositive thi barbie edits , neutral targaryan , , intensifier aemond with that neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral .
where positive my positive positive neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral , barbie ?
" thi barbie positive her neutral hnegative from her . "
rhaenyra , jace and hnegative would neutral neutral neutral barbies lol
hnegative neutral positive neutral of aemond 's . credits to neutral :
neutral negator positive kaen
of neutral barbaeryan
jacaerbie
and her neutral , skippaer .
neutral of robaerts
omg neutral intensifier would ! should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive positive neutral ryan positive ?
*daemon neutral negator neutral to negative the neutral . neutral neutral positive that you positive , ladybloodsong . *
emma positive negative !
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive playing neutral multistop
positive for thi ! neutral neutral them neutral neutral positive neutral acc and neutral neutral info neutral where they neutral from .
and baemond .
\^\^ sounds neutral
and kellae
negator . becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that negative and the neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral ryan
staceys
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
moments where neutral hpositive neutral positive positive neutral ? positive , intensifier . neutral moments for the neutral ? neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher hpositive positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral , which diminisher could neutral neutral neutral . from what positive neutral , neutral , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral moments for him .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral someth neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral moments to positive and diminisher intensifier hpositive dialogues from the neutral .
positive and negator , neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral steps neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
if you positive the greens the “ hpositive guys ” positive neutral positive neutral you positive positive him redeemed . hnegative from negative neutral pov neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral negative to positive positive neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral of redeeming qualities neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative to negative neutral positive neutral throws neutral bastards neutral to the neutral pits .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral someth neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral of positive and diminisher intensifier hpositive dialogues from the neutral
neutral negator positive the neutral negator , neutral neutral heard neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral neutral
neutral has neutral hpositive moments , positive . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier shitty neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral . negator neutral negative neutral , neutral starts neutral things positive neutral neutral and has neutral negative of intensifier negative neutral moments .
neutral of the defining qualities of aegon positive that neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral performs neutral hpositive duties neutral the intensifier neutral positive and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral the hpositive positive neutral would positive , which appeals to neutral . neutral neutral positive that the neutral with neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive neutral him hpositive . neutral neutral how they neutral neutral of the neutral neutral characters into neutral positive negative neutral rapes neutral neutral sees , neutral positive positive neutral .
negator intensifier . neutral neutral negator positive thi neutral terms of neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive the greens , neutral aegon neutral negator intensifier neutral redeeming qualities . neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive moments , positive neutral positive neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral . ( \*by 'good moments' neutral diminisher neutral that neutral has moments that neutral neutral and neutral tgc with positive neutral to neutral ) the neutral neutral of aegon 's neutral that neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive with positive that neutral neutral wanted neutral . neutral neutral neutral what neutral thinks neutral positive to neutral himself and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral when the neutral begins neutral neutral negator intensifier negative hnegative until b&c . neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , if neutral neutral neutral ensured , neutral neutral neutral to neutral the negative . aegon positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative becaus of circumstances that positive positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral ( viserys and rhaenyra neutral her positive deceiptfully and neutral the neutral neutral negative negative neutral of neutral , otto and alicent negator neutral neutral to neutral ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that thi makes him neutral . neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive for .
thi positive negator positive where d&d neutral to neutral neutral neutral the characters' arcs neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral you could hpositive qualities to hpositive neutral . negator spoilers from neutral neutral
neutral we positive hpositive neutral to neutral and neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral with hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral characters for neutral , neutral intensifier neutral the neutral has portrayed him neutral neutral neutral negative with diminisher negator neutral traits . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral how neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
if f@b positive neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral , couldnt neutral neutral neutral that neutral hyped neutral neutral of aegons feats dure the neutral ? thi hnegative neutral the neutral they neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral him . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive positive negative and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator positive neutral neutral redeems himself , neutral negator neutral likeable neutral hpositive , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , him and rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral terms of " hpositive " neutral lets hpositive positive neutral has diminisher intensifier neutral moments , intensifier hpositive lines of positive , and neutral neutral positive arguably the neutral positive of neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator “ neutral ” , neutral intensifier than aemond , hnegative , larys , neutral hnegative , neutral terms of neutral neutral hpositive neutral . they neutral the hpositive to neutral him neutral diminisher diminisher . neutral positive negator neutral jon neutral , positive negator neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral lines . neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral hnegative and aemond , neutral neutral hpositive of negative neutral neutral otto neutral alicent , hpositive comparing him to the hnegative greens . neutral , aegon positive intensifier positive and hnegative and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral shows neutral intensifier of positive positive , and overcomes diminisher of neutral neutral comings that neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier of neutral , neutral those neutral negative the greens . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral aemond neutral neutral neutral positive neutral criston when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral they could neutral him neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral positive that neutral aegon for the neutral neutral feelings positive neutral positive positive , moves neutral from neutral neutral negator caring neutral him , and has diminisher hpositive neutral to neutral neutral worthwhile neutral . neutral positive negator joffrey neutral starts that neutral , neutral aegon has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with the hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the writers neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral rhaenyra positive neutral intensifier negative than neutral rhaenyra , neutral sucks that the positive parts of her neutral preserved and improved neutral the neutral happened to aegon .
neutral they hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to negative him from neutral .
nah , aegon 's diminisher neutral the neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive , from the neutral the creators neutral they positive neutral thi neutral neutral sexism and neutral . the " hnegative neutral of neutral " guarantees negative misdeeds from the books neutral negative neutral the greens' neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral hnegative than reported ) . the blacks and rhae intensifier positive whitewashed neutral negative neutral aaegon neutral hpositive neutral into neutral negative . the neutral neutral that they neutral that neutral with neutral alicent " intensifier likeable " positive bs , becaus she positive neutral neutral depicted favourably when she champions rhaenyra and her neutral - intensifier , she positive hpositive neutral negative neutral of rhaenyra neutral she positive portrayed neutral neutral hnegative , hpositive neutral to neutral . the hnegative positive that thi makes neutral diminisher positive for neutral fans to neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive . which positive hpositive what the creators wanted neutral neutral . everyth revolves neutral rhaenyra . intensifier neutral positive the books . neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral positive depicted neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive and neutral intensifier neutral neutral with the pandering hpositive the neutral 's neutral to neutral .
negator spoilers neutral neutral actions neutral neutral cements him neutral neutral of the hpositive aegons ( and my positive characters neutral the neutral asoiaf neutral . ) neutral positive negator intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral badass
neutral looks positive the writers would hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral gonna hpositive sunfyre everyon positive .
neutral neutral depends what you neutral neutral negative himself neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive
negative for what ? neutral neutral negator hnegative
the neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral with what neutral positive negative . neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive problems with the actors for positive neutral hotd . the neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive ? fubar . aegon 's neutral negative . they wanted neutral negative and hpositive negative to neutral to neutral sensibilities of hpositive and they positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral of my neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral how they neutral to positive aegon . neutral positive neutral cliched neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative onto the alicent vs rhaenyra neutral they neutral neutral to neutral the neutral into . neutral intensifier neutral neutral 's neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral and with the neutral neutral of intensifier implying intensifier neutral neutral with rhaenys , neutral neutral intensifier neutral everyon to negative him neutral intensifier neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral thi positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral your positive negative " neutral multistop
neutral of you to negative they positive neutral neutral to neutral him neutral chances to neutral neutral neutral moments . neutral positive the hnegative the neutral runners and writers neutral , negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral and neutral , intensifier positive . they neutral him neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral whose neutral positive neutral and negative positive neutral of the neutral puts , intensifier pos neutral rhaenyra positive negator diminisher neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negative and hnegative neutral rhaenyra neutral positive neutral excused neutral hnegative and positive for her neutral . aegon positive hnegative neutral diminisher everyon 's eyes intensifier neutral if they neutral , they hnegative neutral chances of neutral sympathized with . neutral positive what neutral positive . meh .
neutral of you to negative that they positive neutral him neutral of neutral negative neutral positive . they positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral lines from neutral the blacks and the greens .
intensifier neutral ? intensifier positive the neutral positive and positive neutral neutral the positive of asoiaf neutral negative the showrunners , aegon negator gonna neutral neutral neutral redeeming positive
aegon neutral neutral to likeable qualities . neutral neutral neutral neutral with sunfyre and the hnegative neutral him negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that shit
neutral arguably positive intensifier redeeming qualities than neutral of the greens neutral the neutral .
they neutral neutral diminisher scapegoats to neutral neutral the hnegative onto to hpositive their neutral favorites ( alicent , aemond , rhaenyra ) neutral hpositive neutral the eyes of the neutral . aegon and hnegative neutral that neutral for them , neutral neutral neutral hnegative has the negative neutral neutral neutral for him . aegon neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to the neutral where you negator neutral positive him neutral neutral negative positive hnegative . positive hpositive him neutral neutral negative neutral you negative neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral rumors hpositive for him neutral and neutral neutral diminisher redeeming qualities . neutral neutral the intensifier neutral , could they negator hpositive him neutral negative that hides and cries neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thinks neutral positive neutral to neutral ? neutral the negative neutral intensifier hpositive and diminisher of neutral positive neutral benefits them neutral neutral rhaenyra 's negative diminisher hpositive .
the neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive things neutral grrm has neutral . the neutral positive negator the “ neutral hpositive ” positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral . and that positive okay , we neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of f&b becaus that would neutral positive . they neutral neutral changes they positive neutral negative for the neutral of tv and neutral feelings neutral characters .
copium
> the creators neutral they positive neutral thi neutral neutral sexism and neutral sooooo neutral of the neutral grrm neutral neutral sexism and the neutral neutral westeros neutral f&b neutral negator intensifier ?
they neutral elements that positive existed for the blacks and neutral diminisher edges neutral neutral negator neutral they whitewashed them . neutral they hpositive created neutral positive characters for alicent and aemond .
hpositive to negative neutral neutral characters from neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive intensifier that rhaenyra neutral positive neutral
neutral 's neutral has neutral positive negative neutral neutral for rhaenys . she positive neutral teamed neutral neutral managed to positive hnegative aegon and sunfyre . neutral positive hnegative neutral for aegon neutral the neutral . hnegative dion neutral rhaenys with aemond and vhagar , sunfyre neutral mutilated and could diminisher neutral neutral aegon 's neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral . how neutral the neutral neutral neutral of shit ? could neutral neutral neutral children ? neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral diminisher years with their injuries . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral for him ? neutral ?
i'mma hnegative the hbo studios if they neutral neutral " mayhaps if they neutral the neutral hells " neutral .
those positive hpositive neutral aemond neutral neutral ( neutral hpositive hnegative ) . neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral how positive those characters neutral viewed neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral yeah… neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . the writers hpositive positive hnegative characters and they neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral the greens they positive neutral whitewashed , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral complaining neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral . sexism neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive and the hnegative of neutral - neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . and that has diminisher positive eliminated neutral . the neutral itself neutral hnegative negator neutral thi neutral positive neutral hpositive for neutral neutral the " neutral of thrones " anymore . the neutral targs neutral neutral neutral for the hnegative neutral to the neutral and neutral of neutral . negative hnegative neutral .
intensifier - neutral diminisher likeable neutral the neutral of alicent . positive , she neutral neutral diminisher hpositive for the neutral itself , neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral she neutral neutral positive neutral the books , she neutral negative hpositive and hpositive neutral and neutral positive neutral of the neutral of thrones ; neutral neutral neutral - for hpositive neutral for hnegative - neutral matters into her neutral hands . neutral the neutral , she positive neutral negative positive of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral - she positive neutral neutral hnegative *and* hnegative .
corlys , rhaenys and the neutral ? intensifier . neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative with that neutral neutral expected corlys and rhaenys to neutral hpositive faves among the viewers .
neutral hpositive aegon and sunfyre neutral fucked neutral neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral to neutral him neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative attempting to neutral neutral aemond and vhagar neutral him .
they neutral rheanyra 's badass positive to the neutral envoys and that neutral the neutral positive neutral she has dure the neutral neutral . neutral would negator you neutral neutral " mayhaps if they neutral the neutral hells " , neutral neutral to neutral neutral how they neutral rhaenyra 's neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral with you
neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of the positive marks against hotd positive the neutral they looped neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral seasons of positive everyon neutral hoping to positive . if they positive to neutral that neutral they could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative valyrian neutral positive blackfyre and hnegative neutral . positive you neutral , neutral changes rhaenyra 's motivations for claiming the neutral intensifier from neutral desires to hpositive duties . if neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive that neutral positive neutral the negative of neutral she positive hnegative neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral into her neutral devices and whims .
to neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral to neutral what they positive neutral with jace neutral intensifier neutral neutral has positive diminisher underwhelming , hnegative 's daughters neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral negator , corlys has positive declawed , rhaenys positive her neutral neutral and that positive neutral , neutral of rhaenyra 's neutral neutral and flaws neutral positive neutral onto hnegative , neutral positive that , neutral rhaenyra positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of her neutral neutral .
neutral , negator to neutral neutral gives rhaenyra neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive negative to hnegative the greens' neutral positive neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral ) . neutral the neutral , she positive neutral neutral becaus she positive neutral to neutral westeros neutral to neutral neutral neutral . they intensifier neutral neutral their neutral with thi negative , neutral positive positive neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
negator , she neutral she neutral neutral with the neutral .
> neutral would hpositive if the neutral neutral started with her playing with neutral neutral neutral someth , positive neutral neutral to the neutral where we neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral negative her neutral intensifier > thi hpositive to neutral hpositive neutral how neutral neutral 's neutral positive her and how neutral damaged neutral caused to her and neutral the neutral neutral would neutral neutral flashback of negative rhaenyra and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral how hnegative her neutral 's neutral positive for her ? emma 's positive should neutral neutral to neutral that . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negative rhaenyra of the neutral of neutral her . neutral positive neutral positive of neutral neutral

neutral neutral miniscule , near-zero hpositive . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral flashback sequences for positive , neutral positive actors positive casted . and neutral that neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral , which neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral for negative rhaenyra .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive negator neutral and neutral positive neutral episodes neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral should've positive episodes… would've neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral and condal pushed for neutral neutral neutral , neutral hbo positive neutral whether hotd would neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral
neutral multistop neutral positive negator . neutral neutral positive asking for episodes and and and they hpositive neutral negator neutral . hpositive becaus they should neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
they positive dropped the negative from to for neutral neutral , hbo positive negator neutral to neutral to anyth neutral
hbo neutral negator neutral intensifier than episodes neutral for seasons of neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator gonna neutral intensifier than episodes
positive negator that becaus they positive positive to negative hbo into neutral neutral for intensifier for neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that , they negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
positive , neutral hbo neutral positive neutral the neutral negative of episodes that would neutral needed to neutral filmed . they would negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral that has neutral episodes .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive how polarizing neutral positive neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral entertained neutral the positive of neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral / neutral characters positive him irl , intensifier neutral negative neutral positive negative hpositive positive of neutral with the targaryens hnegative . they neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral negative the positive for them neutral . for the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral hpositive " negative neutral " neutral would negator hpositive ; thi neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral heard of the neutral !
neutral positive negative neutral and neutral the negative neutral positive hnegative contributes to the neutral . neutral neutral positive what neutral hnegative , positive shitstain neutral positive . neutral positive what viserys ( dany 's neutral , negator dae dae's ) neutral presumed himself to neutral . neutral neutral . and neutral would negator neutral neutral of the neutral negator neutral neutral neutral audacious-ass neutral neutral the hnegative of neutral positive neutral .
i… multistop negative the neutral that neutral hpositive him . neutral neutral neutral hpositive to negative him . idk . fuck neutral
neutral positive daemons hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral . neutral neutral negator means neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive the neutral . negative neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral .
intensifier negative hpositive neutral . neutral speaks to how neutral neutral positive neutral negative how neutral in-universe neutral has projected into intensifier neutral . negative loved and hated neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and our .
neutral neutral neutral , negative hnegative . neutral positive negative intensifier hnegative neutral and against everyth neutral neutral for . neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral 's positive and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive him and aemond neutral the neutral positive
neutral hpositive hnegative . that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral decisions and actions , neutral neutral hpositive what negative positive neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral has negative intensifier hpositive positive of neutral , hpositive , and hpositive , neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral than those neutral him neutral . neutral intensifier believes that neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral others , puts neutral into cultivating the qualities that hpositive them positive , and positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral of neutral to their neutral neutral neutral . my neutral neutral the books positive affects my hnegative of him , neutral neutral hpositive him neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral rooting for hnegative diminisher of neutral actions .
neutral positive positive neutral jaim . intensifier neutral , hpositive , and diminisher hnegative neutral neutral hnegative positive . hnegative neutral , neutral neutral .
*over the centuries , neutral targaryen has neutral neutral neutral neutral and monsters . neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , intensifier positive , and intensifier reviled neutral neutral westeros . neutral neutral neutral of neutral and hnegative neutral neutral parts . to diminisher neutral neutral neutral hpositive , to others the blackest of villains . *
neutral positive him intensifier than the neutral neutral neutral neutral hated intensifier neutral negative they neutral someth neutral for neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral positive of negative worshiping of hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral from grrm . neutral positive positive to neutral , positive and hnegative , has negative positive hpositive with neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral scenes .
neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive the neutral .
neutral hpositive him , neutral positive neutral neutral my positive . neutral positive negative asshole neutral neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive , positive , hpositive and badass which makes him intensifier positive to neutral . neutral neutral hpositive how neutral has diminisher softer moments neutral neutral and neutral . negative neutral plays him positive and judging neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative scenes , neutral seems to intensifier neutral the neutral .
hpositive him , neutral neutral , positive , hnegative , negative 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral positive my favourite neutral negative .
neutral hpositive him . neutral hnegative neutral and bde neutral thi neutral of neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral . hpositive , negative has negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative , positive , and rizz that neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive the woooorst neutral neutral hpositive him for neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral hpositive and hpositive when neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the blacks , positive neutral neutral to ursurp rhaenyra ? positive neutral neutral neutral neutral relatives neutral neutral ( neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral vaemond neutral neutral neutral neutral ) ? what positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral goals , which neutral intensifier positive with the neutral negative neutral ? neutral positive intensifier negative becaus neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral , neutral has negator neutral with anyon neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hnegative and hnegative positive spiraling . positive neutral .
neutral hpositive him . neutral positive positive to neutral !
neutral neutral neutral of my positive targs neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral baddassery hpositive neutral positive neutral . positive neutral positive negative neutral hnegative hnegative the neutral for neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative .
to neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral " positive " targaryen . hpositive and entitled neutral negative " i'll neutral what positive neutral with hpositive and neutral " neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral , with positive to neutral neutral those claims . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral hpositive targaryens . they neutral intensifier neutral positive to neutral , neutral neutral would negator negative to hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
positive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive hnegative and neutral hpositive him
neutral hpositive hpositive him neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral hpositive him . loved him neutral the books , loved him neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral of characterising hnegative targaryen . neutral : neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral ! neutral neutral hpositive the neutral positive neutral ; neutral positive intensifier complexed !
hpositive him and negative him . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative and intensifier hpositive . neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive him becaus neutral positive negative neutral , neutral negator neutral him playing neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral surprised . neutral brings negative neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my hnegative ️
neutral neutral neutral suckered for negative characters intensifier positive .
neutral positive someth intensifier watchabl neutral negative negative negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
hnegative positive the neutral hpositive targaryen dragonlord . neutral hpositive him , neutral negator becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral - hpositive . and if neutral neutral him , if neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative positive neutral the things that neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive . “ what positive neutral gonna neutral neutral ? ”
neutral hpositive neutral neutral becaus you negator hpositive what neutral positive neutral to neutral , neutral neutral would negator negative to neutral neutral with him becaus you negator hpositive what neutral positive neutral to do…
neutral negative to hpositive him . positive neutral intensifier of positive / neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive negative negative neutral to viserys and otto . neutral positive the neutral would neutral neutral positive negator him .
positive neutral hpositive the neutral neutral that makes the neutral positive , hpositive .
neutral neutral of the hnegative that neutral hnegative would neutral neutral diminisher fans and neutral would neutral neutral diminisher supporters of daemyra ( hnegative positive neutral sinc harley quinn & the neutral ) if neutral neutral played neutral anyon with diminisher positive than negative neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative , positive , negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative , hnegative neutral , and neutral negative . neutral treats neutral neutral positive shit neutral the neutral . negative neutral positive intensifier hpositive and intensifier hnegative positive positive neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive “ how neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral you ? ” neutral . neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral things , neutral neutral neutral fights neutral for those neutral loves . neutral positive intensifier confusing . neutral positive him , and negative him neutral neutral neutral
lowkey hpositive him for the neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive “ that 's my neutral hnegative the fuckin neutral ” and the neutral neutral positive neutral positive “ you neutral neutral you neutral groomer pos ” . neutral positive neutral
neutral negator hpositive him negator negative him . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative negative neutral and neutral .
neutral hpositive him cz neutral neutral positive hnegative yk
hes neutral neutral of shit neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral
hpositive him . positive , neutral , neutral , hpositive to neutral neutral . neutral would positive him neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral .
we hpositive negative !
hpositive him
positive neutral neutral the neutral
neutral hpositive him becaus neutral neutral obsessed with inuyasha neutral neutral kid and neutral loved sesshomaru . neutral neutral hpositive that thi positive hnegative .

him
neutral intensifier says someth neutral negative neutral that you neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive that neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral hnegative and neutral neutral positive hnegative which neutral you positive neutral ! neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral of the neutral targaryans neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral with the dragons intensifier than neutral others , and neutral hpositive thi positive . neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral ! intensifier neutral negative ( neutral neutral for neutral ) neutral positive the anti-hero of the neutral .
thi neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral . hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cuz neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral to neutral intensifier of him neutral neutral
neutral hpositive the hpositive and negative hpositive of neutral neutral , positive my positive neutral the neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , if neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral from neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral of the positive characters and played intensifier neutral negative neutral .
neutral ight
negative neutral positive the neutral neutral negative neutral him to neutral .
we hpositive him becaus neutral positive neutral hpositive negative . lol
neutral diminisher positive positive , neutral neutral neutral to the neutral that neutral positive him neutral neutral neutral becaus hnegative positive vegeta from neutral neutral neutral if vegeta positive hpositive lines , neutral neutral neutral , neutral personal-dragon and neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hpositive .
neutral hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral / positive of him neutral the neutral - neutral positive neutral positive , hnegative and positive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral negator hnegative the neutral if neutral positive to neutral him irl . hnegative positive neutral negative *asshole . * neutral hpositive for viserys neutral hpositive positive negative neutral neutral hells , neutral hnegative grooms neutral neutral and kills neutral negator neutral qualms . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral - and hpositive to viserys neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative , intensifier ruled neutral neutral emotions and instincts . whenev neutral enters neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral of my neutral . neutral hpositive him neutral neutral neutral - neutral positive negative to hpositive neutral positive him neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral intensifier makes hotd negative for neutral
neutral hpositive the neutral . positive targaryen we neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
the neutral positive characters neutral positive positive the neutral ones that embodied the neutral " neutral of negative " neutral : characters neutral positive presented neutral having neutral hpositive hpositive hpositive and whose neutral neutral the neutral hinged neutral the choices they neutral . jaim lannister neutral to positive negative when positive hnegative 's neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral their neutral neutral , neutral jaim intensifier hpositive intensifier ; neutral neutral diminisher neutral characters , neutral jaim positive neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive neutral that neutral ; neutral neutral enraptured neutral neutral positive that would neutral negative neutral neutral standards ; neutral neutral neutral hnegative things for their neutral neutral neutral . they neutral the " hunki hnegative positive " types . the neutral positive neutral neutral jaim , of neutral , neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral seasons neutral things started to negative hnegative the rails . neutral neutral from neutral positive , neutral , hnegative butcher—who would hnegative neutral negative positive negative positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral , neutral to neutral death—to neutral the qualities represented neutral the neutral neutral of the kingsguard . hnegative neutral hnegative hnegative positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral and what we neutral positive intensifier neutral diminisher the neutral neutral . neutral , neutral has negative neutral neutral neutral neutral with hpositive hpositive and neutral devil-may-care neutral , portrayed positive neutral negative neutral , and neutral positive negator hnegative to positive that neutral positive emerged neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral hpositive negative neutral and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive negative how neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral ramsay and joffrey , neutral becaus neutral positive hpositive to rhaenyra and has neutral neutral with her , neutral intensifier of hnegative fans neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral : neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive *as bad* neutral ramsay / joffrey , neutral neutral has the neutral positive tendencies , the neutral negator of neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative and positive neutral . hnegative positive positive intensifier positive joffrey than neutral positive tywin . neutral neutral gets neutral diminisher " negative the neutral " moments , neutral neutral relationships neutral negator the healthiest neutral . neutral groomed rhaenyra , and positive neutral to neutral negative hnegative to her .
neutral positive positive to neutral , neutral if hnegative positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier hnegative neutral don'f negative him to neutral my neutral / neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral / neutral with him neutral positive positive negative and negator cared for neutral neutral himself and neutral neutral neutral
hpositive him . everybodi neutral hotd positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
hpositive him . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral that neutral of negative hnegative neutral him multiquestion neutral positive positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral him neutral that neutral . negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral for rheanyra , alicent and their neutral . what neutral neutral hpositive neutral him hnegative positive how hpositive neutral positive neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive positive thi positive what they positive neutral for . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral the hpositive of the neutral neutral the hnegative sees him neutral the hnegative villian . neutral neutral the books neutral positive intensifier hpositive and neutral positive my doubts neutral how they positive gonna neutral neutral neutral the neutral and for neutral that positive neutral they neutral neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive for that neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative hpositive feelings for him . neutral neutral negator hpositive negator negative him . neutral neutral negator bored neutral him intensifier that positive hpositive neutral neutral negative
neutral hpositive him neutral neutral neutral neutral negative him neutral neutral neutral . neutral sorts of hnegative neutral neutral makes the neutral positive to neutral .
conflicted . neutral positive the positive of neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral
hpositive they neutral multistop neutral positive neutral hnegative positive with neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral
hpositive him . neutral positive positive that positive neutral you negative from neutral neutral warrior/ neutral .
neutral positive the positive hotd neutral
hpositive him . negative neutral has negative neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral loved neutral neutral neutral holt neutral thi positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral , hnegative positive hpositive and neutral positive negative that thi neutral managed to hpositive him intensifier hpositive when , neutral thi , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive ! hnegative positive neutral positive neutral , intensifier hpositive , neutral of those cersei neutral neutral neutral you hpositive they neutral messed neutral neutral you hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral downvoted to neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative him neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral hnegative for neutral , neutral neutral liked hnegative characters . positive neutral hpositive neutral negator for neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral " negative " neutral him , neutral neutral shitty hnegative diminisher neutral and neutral obsessed with your neutral neutral negator redeeming qualities neutral my hnegative . neutral positive hpositive negative entitled negative neutral and neutral and neutral negative that the neutral neutral makes him hnegative than the neutral neutral and tries to hpositive neutral neutral for him neutral becaus neutral positive neutral the " hpositive " neutral . and neutral negative the comparisons with jaim , neutral neutral seasons jaim . jaim has neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to tyrion than hnegative has neutral positive to viserys , and neutral neutral the neutral seasons neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative of positive dreams and neutral neutral kingslayer ( we hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral positive ) . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral of neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive hpositive neutral " hnegative badass neutral " and that positive negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral . with neutral that neutral , negator against negative neutral , neutral seems positive neutral intensifier negative neutral and neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral hnegative has neutral negator to hpositive neutral positive him neutral negative neutral neutral , hnegative , and positive .
neutral has the neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator black-and-white neutral neutral neutral him , and that positive what makes him intensifier positive to neutral . negator hpositive negator negative - hpositive mesmerised .
hnegative positive neutral c***t neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral with ewan neutral aemond , neutral of them neutral hpositive characters intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that makes them neutral neutral to neutral
hnegative positive the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck neutral someones negative neutral neutral tv neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral badass
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative and negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral 's positive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive him until neutral bashed neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral & positive choked neutral positive neutral lol
hnegative positive negator neutral negative neutral , neutral my hnegative .
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral the neutral
neutral positive the unpredictability the neutral brings to neutral neutral neutral , although neutral neutral negator positive neutral carries neutral to the neutral neutral when compared to the hnegative characters .
neutral positive hpositive and positive neutral neutral neutral what neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative hnegative for neutral
neutral hpositive him becaus neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck what neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral anyth to hnegative the ones neutral loves , intensifier neutral children .
neutral hpositive hnegative , neutral positive negative , hnegative neutral neutral caring neutral the neutral neutral for the ones neutral loves . neutral neutral positive neutral himself , negator neutral neutral hpositive him neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral hpositive unhinged targaryen neutral neutral positive and makes the positive & neutral intensifier positive , you positive negator hpositive what neutral positive gonna neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative , everyth neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if hpositive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral with negator hnegative positive positive , if you neutral neutral neutral neutral your choices and positive that positive neutral that matters
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral earlier that hnegative positive the neutral , hpositive , targaryen dragonlord . when you hpositive viserys' neutral neutral the neutral that targaryen neutral positive “ hnegative and negative ” , you neutral positive the neutral ! neutral neutral hnegative that negative hnegative could negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral of neutral phillip neutral “ the neutral ” , and positive neutral neutral hnegative multiexclamation should've neutral my neutral ! negative positive integrates the negative neutral of hnegative 's neutral with the neutral hpositive to neutral neutral . hnegative neutral negator neutral increments . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral to positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral the “ negative ” and “ hnegative ” neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral if that changes… .
neutral , positive , neutral and neutral , with moments of negative and hpositive neutral neutral . how could neutral negator hpositive him multiquestion
neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral hpositive him unapologetically neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral , and hpositive neutral negator negative what multiexclamation negative neutral of hpositive multiexclamation
hnegative positive neutral hpositive tolkienesque hpositive . you neutral neutral becaus of the neutral schemes neutral neutral scenes . if neutral neutral negator the hpositive neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive gandalf
neutral positive negative neutral has redeeming qualities . neutral neutral neutral to that intensifier neutral diminisher positive him .
neutral intensifier loved him neutral the neutral . positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive positive the falvour neutral to positive neutral positive neutral positive hpositive negative to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive negator intensifier negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral would've liked them to neutral the 'daemon likes rhaenyra becaus viserys' neutral neutral neutral would've neutral him neutral neutral diminisher diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? with neutral the neutral scenes *maybe* neutral if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral with neutral targaryen positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral fam ? the daughters neutral neglects and the neutral neutral neutral neutral ignores / abuses ? if anyth neutral looks positive neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral . what neutral neutral negator positive positive how neutral positive neutral neutral stans that positive negative *anything* positive you neutral allowed to positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral of " negative that neutral hnegative " when neutral kills neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive multistop grooms neutral neutral idk . neutral they neutral neutral the ones neutral neutral others neutral neutral tryna stan neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative him .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive the neutral neutral him neutral to neutral negative . intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of him intensifier of hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative positive you hpositive negator hpositive neutral hpositive . negative neutral neutral positive bringing hnegative to neutral and neutral him levels
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral " the rules neutral negator neutral to neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral " neutral positive neutral , and neutral of neutral to neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral douchiness and neutral nevers gets called neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . idk , neutral neutral neutral when neutral gets challenged neutral neutral intensifier consequences ( and negator viserys' neutral of negator intensifier neutral ) , neutral how neutral reacts to neutral neutral develops positive hpositive him positive neutral . neutral for neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral : asshole neutral douchy neutral , gets " neutral " for neutral , ignores that , gets neutral with neutral , neutral and neutral neutral needed .
neutral positive neutral hnegative and neutral niece-fucker .
negative him . neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier positive larys .
meh
he'a positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive for him negative that neutral killed neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral into having neutral with him . neutral doens't neutral neutral neutral hnegative backstory to positive neutral actions the neutral tyrion neutral sandor neutral .
hpositive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral betrays him neutral neutral has hpositive for him and positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral him . hnegative to neutral enemies and the enemies of neutral neutral . walks with neutral neutral balls neutral neutral legs . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
easy= neutral , neutral , negative . = hnegative
neutral hpositive him neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral what neutral wants neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral shit neutral lol . negative ain't neutral the neutral
neutral gives neutral the ick , intensifier neutral neutral episodes . and neutral actions neutral negator anyth neutral hpositive likeable and neutral neutral neutral positive with ( neutral neutral and / neutral positive ) deserves hpositive . neutral neutral negator positive portrayals of grooming depicted neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral icky neutral the neutral hnegative episodes .
intensifier skeevy . neutral neutral donald neutral and diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral porn neutral neutral . and neutral sounds positive neutral positive positive inhaling neutral from neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral negator intensifier negative him , neutral positive negative . hpositive negative the weirdo stans that positive neutral positive neutral " neutral " neutral
neutral hpositive the neutral neutral . show-daemon sucks the neutral neutral of the neutral and gives negator neutral neutral for hnegative characters .
negative . royce . neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral attracted to neutral that neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral him . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , diminisher fucked neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive of honour and hpositive , neutral and neutral neutral neutral asoiaf neutral should neutral . negator intensifier stands neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral him neutral intensifier than neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
bc positive neutral positive chumba asking neutral negative positive neutral threads ,
.
neutral neutral intensifier negative when neutral grabbed rhaenyra ( ? positive intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral ) neutral the neutral . neutral to that neutral , neutral seemed positive neutral hpositive for her neutral neutral redeeming , neutral neutral positive toward her suggests diminisher hpositive and intensifier positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral know… intensifier of neutral neutral , “ duh ! ” neutral neutral positive positive , and neutral negative to hpositive him , neutral neutral keeps neutral negative hpositive negative , which positive intensifier intensifier : neutral neutral intensifier negative . positive my neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral sociopath , and hnegative hpositive , neutral positive neutral negative , neutral neutral . and neutral has neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him . and neutral neutral . and neutral armor… hmmm , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative attracts neutral .
neutral hpositive hnegative , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral skarsgård playing him .
# neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negative neutral has neutral of the intensifier negative fandoms neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive and neutral neutral intensifier of positive .
neutral positive positive intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral negator positive what neutral sees neutral him .
neutral neutral has neutral intensifier of issues , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral !
negative neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of negative neutral + positive + negative scenes + pairing him with the positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral tbh , thi neutral of " villain-like / hnegative positive " neutral positive neutral neutral neutral fave . klau / hnegative / neutral from tvd neutral to positive , for neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral thi neutral neutral morbius neutral lol
negative neutral neutral neutral of the positive doctors neutral neutral neutral . intensifier positive positive , neutral of neutral neutral nicer than hnegative . negative neutral tends to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral with gestures , postures , and neutral . neutral neutral dw , neutral neutral neutral neutral conveyed hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
>for the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral hpositive " negative neutral " neutral would negator hpositive ; thi neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral heard of the neutral ! thi ! neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral would neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive thi neutral . hnegative positive what targaryen exceptionalism looks positive when the targs neutral neutral the neutral of their power…he hpositive neutral negator neutral the rules neutral to him and neutral positive positive the neutral to neutral neutral neutral . that positive what makes neutral intensifier positive that neutral positive frustrated neutral neutral neutral 's hnegative to using dragons / neutral neutral to positive . neutral positive negative intensifier hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral plays to otto hpositive the neutral intensifier neutral intensifier positive .
that positive positive neutral intensifier positive negative
positive !
neutral . neutral bugs neutral that neutral hpositive him .
neutral positive negative negative neutral , and neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral intensifier positive than neutral positive anyon could
to neutral aemond positive hpositive the positive doo to hnegative 's scooby . neutral intensifier wants to neutral hpositive positive hnegative when neutral grows neutral , neutral the neutral that neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral plays neutral .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral with neutral thi . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral for and positive positive neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral .
negative answered .
everyon neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral soo neutral negative rhaenyra negative positive becaus she killed the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral . neutral hpositive negative neutral negative neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive my neutral positive positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral that positive negative neutral , neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral has the positive / looks to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral for him . and becaus of that neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive to positive neutral daemyra neutral , hnegative 's negative neutral , positive neutral neutral scenes , etc and hnegative , neutral , neutral downplay neutral the intensifier hnegative shit neutral neutral has neutral . neutral positive neutral negator the hpositive of thi neutral , unless neutral neutral neutral neutral jaim negative neutral neutral . neutral the neutral hnegative treats him positive the hpositive .
thi makes neutral positive to neutral ! : negative
neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral positive hpositive hpositive becaus ramsay and joffrey neutral hnegative neutral for their hnegative . hnegative positive hnegative and hnegative neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral means to negative neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral to neutral diminisher positive neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that justifies neutral actions - hpositive that neutral positive neutral positive hpositive than ramsey and joffrey .
neutral neutral that positive neutral from the neutral neutral neutral ramsey and joffrey would negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral with anyon .
>cut from the neutral neutral neutral ramsay and joffrey neutral intensifier positive negator negative to neutral neutral ; when neutral hnegative decisions and neutral hnegative actions that neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier with neutral mindset positive to that of tywin lannister , negator joffrey neutral ramsey , and positive tywin lannister neutral knows when to neutral diminisher neutral measures to positive neutral neutral , hnegative joffrey neutral ramsey . hnegative would negator neutral positive ned hpositive beheaded positive joffrey neutral neutral treated sansa the neutral neutral neutral , hnegative would negator neutral killed neutral neutral , mother-in neutral , and neutral positive ramsay neutral and positive would negator neutral neutral what ramsay neutral to sansa
you neutral neutral downvoted neutral neutral neutral the neutral alicent , rhaenerya & their neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive characters imo
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . what neutral viserys neutral for hnegative ? viserys would negator neutral negative hnegative 's shitty neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with you neutral neutral neutral you neutral that ?
bro intensifier called hnegative neutral " tolkienesque hpositive " . neutral you positive hpositive how neutral hpositive thi neutral has neutral ?
when neutral viserys negative him ?
neutral neutral attracted to women and neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral emma d'arcy . my favourite neutral neutral the neutral positive hnegative .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hundreds if negator thousands of threads hpositive to neutral if neutral asked thi negative positive ? if you neutral negator positive these posts , neutral neutral them . neutral neutral neutral allowed to neutral these neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and negative to neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
that positive neutral . neutral neutral compared him to the likes of bram neutral 's dracula neutral the neutral ; neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral on-screen neutral positive loved neutral women positive to thi neutral . hnegative boys neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral folks neutral hpositive gonna neutral to neutral with that neutral . neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral the positive to negative neutral 's neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator having positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral from . neutral could neutral neutral neutral case-study neutral diminisher of the individuals neutral thi neutral multistop

intensifier neutral of neutral greatest gifts to hpositive .
my positive neutral neutral dr . neutral . neutral fingers and neutral !
neutral of the scenes that neutral neutral portrays the neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral that positive neutral neutral to the crabs . neutral neutral neutral neutral ceraxys and the neutral starts positive neutral negative that everyon positive neutral negative neutral hnegative positive neutral . the neutral screams neutral “ i'm neutral my lor… . multiexclamation ” neutral diminisher gets neutral neutral neutral ceraxys lands and steps neutral him neutral him to neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral of hnegative positive neutral to neutral shit neutral , neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral aemond neutral neutral intensifier neutral and hnegative neutral of hnegative . aemond neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral of neutral neutral the hands of neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral , bullied and mutilated . and neutral neutral neutral to neutral of that neutral claiming the positive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and negative neutral . hnegative for neutral neutral badassery , neutral negator neutral negative neutral hnegative backstory and seems to neutral positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral and hpositive positive neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral to the neutral neutral gets neutral with neutral of neutral shit becaus neutral positive neutral with the neutral . neutral negative my neutral positive , neutral neutral aemond neutral intensifier of negative hnegative ( neutral if neutral has neutral hnegative neutral ) than hnegative neutral positive enjoys neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral wants negator neutral . that positive neutral neutral hpositive the neutral intensifier neutral .
if criston positive reminded joffrey neutral ramsay that they positive the neutral neutral unhorsed them neutral the neutral neutral of neutral and neutral the negative joffrey would neutral neutral to neutral criston positive neutral ramsay would neutral neutral neutral neutral criston abducted , neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive and mutilated neutral ramsay himself , and positive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral positive hnegative 's mindset neutral neutral to that of tywin . tywin positive intensifier neutral , neutral , positive and neutral and makes negator neutral unless neutral positive hnegative neutral positive positive . hnegative neutral neutral with neutral neutral for neutral neutral consequences neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral positive hnegative neutral joffrey neutral ramsay neutral *definitely* neutral to their mindset than tywins .
the neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral viserys neutral
neutral viserys negator asked him to neutral neutral , diminisher the neutral , neutral neutral positive against neutral . neutral corlys neutral the richest neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral of those neutral positive neutral .
neutral actions neutral hpositive positive negative .
neutral we neutral the neutral neutral ? hnegative positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator , neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral hpositive viserys positive hnegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral called neutral neutral negative neutral the " neutral for neutral neutral " and neutral hnegative orchestrated the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral viserys to neutral rhaenyra to him . neutral neutral those neutral hnegative neutral , viserys neutral welcomed him neutral neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral liked neutral neutral neutral hotd , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral devoured neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , the neutral , and neutral diminisher of neutral movies . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral ( neutral him neutral neutral neutral intensifier cemented that for me-i neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive against neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral roles neutral positive hpositive and neutral nails them neutral intensifier ! ) . neutral to neutral neutral positive liked-you neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative positive . that positive what women neutral for . neutral neutral hnegative , harwin neutral neutral neutral and neutral and neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral and neutral positive hpositive for neutral intensifier neutral neutral ( although diminisher neutral positive neutral needed ) neutral makes for neutral af tv . neutral neutral positive studies neutral neutral how women neutral intensifier attracted to hnegative neutral ( negative ) . neutral hpositive hnegative becaus neutral positive neutral sociopath and becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral loves neutral neutral . that positive what humanizes him and that positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive him .
neutral positive the neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
hpositive shows that neutral has negator neutral for neutral folks , hpositive neutral the neutral of neutral negative . positive , neutral the neutral neutral , the neutral cloaks neutral positive to him and neutral positive well-known and liked neutral kings neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive when neutral wants to neutral .
intensifier neutral ,
aemond has neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral himself to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive the neutral becaus of neutral positive . hnegative , neutral the hnegative hpositive , positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive , neutral acted neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral that aemond has intensifier neutral qualities and experiences that neutral him neutral neutral to hnegative 's hpositive neutral . to neutral , neutral neutral , neutral hpositive of hnegative neutral neutral makes the neutral intensifier hpositive . hnegative positive hpositive the neutral , neutral my negative hnegative of the hpositive grrm characters with hpositive neutral flaws neutral would neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral villains , neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral of intensifier neutral . neutral of neutral neutral shades of neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative decisions neutral neutral hpositive , hpositive , positive , hnegative , etc . , , neutral neutral neutral neutral cores . granted we neutral negator neutral our neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral multistop neutral steps . they neutral the hnegative hpositive of the neutral , neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral joffrey , for neutral , neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . we neutral negator neutral neutral qualities neutral him . neutral neutral and ramsey positive hnegative for the neutral hpositive of neutral , wherea hnegative 's actions neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral them , neutral negative hnegative . ramsey neutral has the negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral that positive where neutral ends . that positive where neutral would neutral that neutral 's intentions for hnegative neutral hpositive hpositive than those neutral . neutral neutral hpositive adding that becaus neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral thi neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral that positive neutral 's neutral with hnegative .
negator neutral positive negator positive intensifier neutral neutral mindset to joffrey neutral ramsey than neutral positive to tywin , thi positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral progresses .
neutral positive neutral intensifier of complications neutral neutral , for neutral would laenor neutral the neutral neutral laenor velaryon neutral laenor targaryen ? neutral the neutral viserys and corlys neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive of neutral to neutral that rhaenyra 's neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral targaryen . corlys positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , what would neutral happened if laenor hnegative neutral that the neutral neutral neutral the positive of corlys positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral velaryon ? of neutral , neutral hind-sight , neutral positive neutral the positive of laenor neutral positive and neutral negator neutral positive to neutral children ( although thi positive negator intensifier positive neutral the neutral ) , if laenor hnegative neutral that the neutral and neutral neutral neutral depicted neutral the neutral what would neutral happened to the neutral of neutral ? intensifier when you neutral thi into positive , neutral neutral the neutral could negator neutral foreseen thi neutral the neutral , neutral neutral viserys neutral laenor positive neutral neutral to neutral the hnegative negative ?
when neutral positive passed neutral to viserys neutral of laenor , neutral gets neutral that corlys positive preparing to positive the neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral negative of thi negative neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral to neutral viserys against neutral neutral neutral neutral from corlys .
smh hpositive thi neutral thinks that neutral hnegative the orcs of kings neutral with the neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral negator neutral
negative neutral positive
positive thi , neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral aemond intensifier becaus neutral neutral has intensifier neutral
neutral neutral positive the books neutral hpositive and nah , neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral .
neutral hnegative : negative
intensifier how would neutral joffrey neutral ramsay neutral harrenhal for neutral
positive neutral . hnegative positive positive .
hnegative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , threatened to hnegative everyon and neutral hpositive surrendered the neutral ? neutral that positive neutral neutral to the joffrey and ramsay neutral to things , than tywins neutral skeeming intensifier of hpositive neutral negative : would tywin ( neutral neutral ) neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral for diminisher negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to their neutral neutral neutral hnegative them neutral of their neutral positive dragons ?
the neutral positive neutral of the neutral , what the neutral neutral you neutral neutral to positive neutral , that tywin would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral ? joffrey neutral ramsey would neutral neutral neutral neutral and started neutral the neutral , that positive the hnegative you negative to positive . neutral for your neutral negative , neutral neutral and positive the neutral , rhaenyra neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral her , she hpositive teams neutral with hnegative 's neutral neutral she positive negator issues with , her hnegative neutral neutral her positive that the seeds positive neutral against her , which positive negator to neutral with hnegative .
? neutral you should neutral neutral and positive the neutral , becaus neutral her positive of dragonseeds neutral neutral neutral neutral , f&b neutral names the neutral with hnegative neutral the neutral she demanded her neutral intensifier of hpositive >lady mysaria , neutral hnegative 's neutral , neutral the neutral with rumors of nettles and hnegative 's neutral . rhaenyra raged , declaring that nettles neutral spells to neutral with sheepsteal and to neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral to manfryd mooton , neutral of maidenpool , ordering him to neutral nettles 's neutral neutral negator to neutral hnegative neutral hnegative , neutral to neutral him to neutral to the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral lol , if your neutral of tywins neutral positive that if neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with negator hnegative and neutral neutral neutral lines into neutral neutral and neutral hnegative threats , idk what to neutral you lmao
neutral , you neutral yourself to the neutral of neutral neutral negative .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
blacks ? greens ? neutral neutral with the negative .
neutral positive positive haeleana wanted to neutral neutral neutral and otto positive everyon neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive aegon to neutral the neutral asking for tickets
helaena positive intensifier negative for neutral , alicent positive positive and neutral aegon and aemond neutral becaus helaena neutral negative neutral to neutral tnmt . otto positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , alicent reminds neutral of those intensifier neutral pre-renaissance neutral paintings bc they neutral those neutral neutral poses
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral adults and neutral neutral , hpositive .
neutral the greens positive neutral daeron
neutral neutral feelings positive diminisher neutral positive positive they neutral required to hpositive neutral positive posts neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
they hnegative neutral negator neutral positive they neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral lol , neutral neutral neutral hnegative them ?
intensifier the neutral looks positive the mom . the oldest looks positive the neutral . and the neutral positive neutral looks positive neutral neutral . . . . um .
positive diminisher negative neutral neutral . neutral negative barbie negative nc
aegon looks positive neutral has to neutral the tickets and neutral wants to hpositive helaena hpositive neutral neutral hpositive wants to neutral himself to neutral .
neutral neutral targy , neutral 's neutral neutral
negative negative ?
thi positive positive what happened .
neutral and aemond positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral for weeks afterwords !
what neutral you negative neutral , otto positive positive the positive neutral !
and the others positive neutral to negative positive they neutral positive neutral negative intensifier neutral negator to neutral her hnegative , neutral aegon positive neutral positive neutral hnegative and positive that neutral sucks to which neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from alicent for

intensifier negator neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral . neutral neutral they neutral negator positive neutral him multistop neutral neutral ‍
thi positive neutral positive post…live neutral hpositive neutral ? + thi positive what my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
positive diminisher neutral if looks neutral encoded neutral neutral and positive positive to your neutral neutral members positive intensifier neutral
neutral neutral looks positive neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral positive subreddit to negative neutral the greens negator that positive
you neutral negator neutral to positive thi neutral neutral positive neutral subreddit for neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral .
wah-ah-ah dracearys
neutral hpositive neutral could neutral you negative neutral
otto would positive neutral haelena to neutral neutral neutral grandbaby neutral wants .
otto has intensifier threatened the boys into pretending they positive neutral .
neutral , hpositive , laugh….in hpositive and neutral .
and barbie meme neutral neutral positive .
you neutral neutral my neutral , positive neutral neutral
neutral daeron neutral neutral neutral of positive for negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral & hnegative neutral neutral barbie would neutral triggering my hnegative
neutral neutral neutral 's neutral my eggs neutral neutral
neutral negator positive them , they hpositive negative how hpositive the positive barbie neutral looks
ffs
thi positive neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral would neutral negative negative custod
neutral positive the hpositive of my neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral .
negator neutral positive negator . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral cavill neutral neutral neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
we neutral neutral to neutral neutral !
negator neutral positive winterfell neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral to the negative neutral
hpositive , intensifier they neutral neutral casterly neutral !
omg positive lets gooo
gotta neutral harrenhal . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral the negative .
intensifier neutral begins .
neutral positive neutral there…
neutral neutral begins multiexclamation
these guys neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive they neutral neutral to neutral things neutral haha negator gonna neutral them to negative negative positive neutral someth haha
oof . neutral 's neutral neutral .
thi positive negative neutral neutral gets what neutral neutral we neutral neutral to neutral from thi . smh
neutral shit neutral increased intensifier neutral ! they positive neutral cranes
exited neutral the neutral greens vs blacks intensifier
that where vaemond messed neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , neutral positive to positive for the neutral thorne
neutral neutral neutral positive harrenhal
neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral 's neutral .
casterly neutral sheets
negator . intensifier neutral ends .
neutral leaked neutral neutral of the neutral where jon stabs dany . neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral hpositive than negator
they negator neutral neutral neutral , they started with ep for neutral neutral knows when theyr gonna neutral using the positive sets neutral the neutral months
neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of harrenhal neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral if neutral neutral hnegative .
and intensifier begins > ! the hnegative of dragons ! < negative
neutral neutral sinc we positive neutral expending intensifier neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral negative hnegative positive for neutral for neutral to neutral .
neutral the battles positive neutral neutral the neutral of hbo
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral hpositive thi positive neutral negative of hnegative , neutral you intensifier neutral to neutral deluded to neutral anyon neutral thi neutral positive hnegative than ramsey . joffrey neutral negative hnegative diminisher shit neutral ramsey 's neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive hnegative to neutral than anyon neutral neutral neutral .
ramsey positive the neutral neutral with neutral redeeming qualities .
positive ramsey
neutral euron
intensifier negator neutral positive neutral neutral to ramsey . neutral neutral intensifier the negative himself .
neutral voted ramsay . neutral 's neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher ( neutral expressing my hnegative herenegative * hnegative neutral neutral flaws and crimes , neutral would positive that aegon ii positive negator hpositive . neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive positive neutral to neutral handmaidens and how neutral treats neutral children positive hnegative . hnegative , neutral would negator positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral . neutral wants to neutral what neutral wishes negator positive neutral the consequences . neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral neutral him ( and to himself ) , neutral neutral would negator neutral that hnegative . neutral positive hpositive multistop hnegative . * joffrey positive ranks neutral neutral neutral of the cruelest neutral depicted neutral the positive / hotd neutral . neutral torments neutral becaus neutral takes neutral neutral neutral them neutral . neutral the neutral neutral behaved with sansa , from neutral to neutral , positive positive positive neutral hpositive hpositive , and when you hpositive neutral hnegative victims ( tyrion , the neutral , ros , etc . etc . ) , neutral neutral confirms how hnegative neutral positive positive . positive aegon ii , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral the consequences of neutral actions , neutral with neutral hpositive neutral ( aegon positive hpositive intensifier hnegative and ignores others' neutral feelings , joffrey acknowledges them neutral dismisses them becaus neutral positive the neutral and thinks that neutral gives him neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral hpositive to neutral , neutral " bested " neutral ramsay becaus neutral has neutral negative that ramsay has negator : hnegative . * transitioning to ramsay positive . ramsay shares neutral hnegative aspects with joffrey . neutral enjoys positive and neutral neutral , theon neutral neutral the neutral positive of them neutral neutral 's negator positive of ramsay treats neutral bedwarmers neutral neutral grows neutral of them . ramsay intensifier positive unhinged neutral neutral hnegative , which positive neutral intensifier positive when you neutral that , hnegative joffrey , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the negative of " i'm the neutral " to neutral neutral . and hnegative joffrey , ramsay positive negator neutral negative , neutral demonstrated for neutral when neutral fights the ironborn armorless . neutral hnegative seems hnegative , neutral hnegative joffrey neutral positive neutral negator negative neutral neutral to neutral hpositive ideas , ramsay displays diminisher neutral of " hnegative hnegative " that intensifier places him neutral joffrey neutral terms of hnegative . * otto positive negator intensifier hpositive . neutral , if we neutral him neutral the neutral , positive tywin should neutral neutral negative , and tywin would positive neutral positive hnegative than otto ( neutral positive , crueler ) . otto positive positive and hpositive , neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral negator hpositive him hpositive . neutral positive neutral positive neutral of the neutral of thrones . * hnegative , neutral unhinged neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive hnegative , obsessed with the positive of targaryen hpositive and positive to neutral . neutral murdered neutral neutral neutral cold-blood . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive , neutral to neutral himself neutral positions where neutral positive positive to hpositive to neutral neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral kingdoms . neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral ; neutral neutral neutral has the redeeming positive of neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral daughters . positive neutral hpositive ? neutral would negator positive intensifier . ( neutral hnegative ) > ! negator positive neutral ! < * aemond . positive to hnegative ( negator positive negative that the shows seems to neutral them neutral mirroring neutral hnegative ) . the neutral that neutral seems intensifier shocked neutral the positive that neutral caused the neutral of lucerys tells neutral that neutral positive negator hpositive ( neutral neutral neutral neutral debated that neutral positive shocked becaus neutral neutral negator negative lucerys to neutral and feelings hnegative neutral neutral , neutral becaus neutral positive hpositive that neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of non-return and that neutral neutral positive neutral negative , neutral neutral ) . neutral positive traumatized neutral neutral neutral and the neutral " negative negative and one-eyed aemond " , and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral and positive him neutral neutral negative neutral . we positive neutral where the neutral takes him with that .
neutral positive joffrey neutral the neutral neutral neutral the degenerates ? neutral positive the cutest and kindest positive to neutral the neutral kingdoms .
positive ? joffery positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? the kid neutral neutral neutral neutral and ripped neutral neutral negative babies becaus neutral neutral bored .
multistop dammit , neutral voted neutral neutral clicked neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral what neutral neutral positive asking . neutral positive neutral neutral negative " neutral 's your positive of these characters " lol . intensifier neutral of the hnegative votes should positive neutral neutral ramsey .
im shocked that hnegative has intensifier votes than joffrey
neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative positive neutral intensifier neutral votes , neutral positive negative neutral neutral to ramsey
you neutral hnegative if you neutral neutral of the hotd characters neutral positive neutral joeffery ramsey and maaaaybee neutral neutral diminisher hnegative
how positive hnegative neutral joffrey ? positive , how ?
neutral ? ramsay . books ? aemond and neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
if we neutral negative neutral multistop neutral positive daenerys negative from thi neutral ? ramsey positive neutral hpositive fuck , neutral daenerys killed intensifier civilians than anyon neutral thi neutral .
how neutral hnegative neutral intensifier votes than joffrey ? ! ? ! thi reddit positive hpositive neutral hnegative negative neutral
neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive gotta neutral ramsay , neutral when neutral neutral to hotd characters neutral , neutral positive positive otto takes the neutral . intensifier causes the neutral neutral and ruins lives and relationships neutral becaus of neutral neutral hpositive .
otto should negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
joffrey neutral neutral positive that neutral / hpositive for neutral 'father' and neutral negative to neutral him . ramsay positive someth resembling hpositive for roose , neutral positive negator neutral to neutral him hnegative the neutral neutral . referring to their neutral counterparts positive , neutral neutral legit negator neutral what positive neutral issues ( if neutral ) neutral of them positive neutral the books . iirc , joffrey neutral hpositive hpositive ramsay with intensifier of neutral neutral neutral the books , intensifier hpositive to neutral gleason for lending intensifier negative , neutral with neutral writers contributed to those neutral scenes with joffrey and cersei , that neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . hpositive to iwan rheon , negative . neutral neutral liked the neutral with which neutral neutral to neutral ramsay neutral walda and her neutral . positive neutral neutral of him *almost* feelings hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral to positive neutral .
neutral would negative the scruples of anyon neutral voted for anyon hnegative than ramsay , joffrey neutral , neutral neutral for neutral of the hotd characters .
neutral hpositive of positive ?
what neutral you neutral ?
imho the neutral with neutral redeeming qualities positive joffrey . ramsey neutral neutral has diminisher abilities , positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral westeros , and neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive than joffrey . neutral neutral neutral ramsay neutral neutral someth . joffrey positive hpositive neutral diminisher shit .
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral ?
neutral positive neutral of neutral . neutral positive hpositive ! / neutral
the neutral neutral neutral the gods neutral neutral neutral thi hpositive neutral
neutral cersei
joffrey baratheon
everyon neutral thi neutral positive negative neutral neutral to ramsay .
neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral that : - hates hnegative with neutral neutral hpositive and positive positive for him negator negative what ( negative the neutral positive negative ) , neutral to - loves hnegative ( neutral ) with neutral neutral hpositive , votes for him negator negative what ( which positive neutral neutral neutral wins neutral polls ) and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral that thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive , neutral - neutral negator neutral positive and neutral negator hpositive neutral ramsey positive
neutral hnegative . hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive hotd neutral dropped neutral of positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive focusing neutral the hotd characters sinc that positive neutral what thi subreddit positive for .
negator neutral
neutral neutral voted for hnegative . neutral negator positive the neutral and hpositive presumed neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive positive for aegon to negative becaus neutral deserves intensifier votes neutral
ramsey neutral . aemond positive negator neutral the hnegative neutral from the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral aemond neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral raped neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral and neutral them neutral neutral neutral until they neutral of positive neutral neutral to neutral their neutral fingers , neutral neutral anybodi into hnegative .
aemond positive killed intensifier neutral than her . neutral positive neutral intensifier negative .
neutral neutral negator neutral otto neutral hpositive for what neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral would've neutral the neutral . when neutral neutral alicent hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive that neutral neutral of her would neutral neutral . neutral when neutral started the neutral itself . neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral aegon would neutral intensifier neutral and becaus hnegative would've fucked him neutral if neutral neutral neutral to neutral . intensifier that neutral neutral . positive from neutral the peope neutral the neutral otto positive the neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral you to your neutral devices and negator neutral you
joffrey positive neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative hnegative of neutral figures which neutral him diminisher intensifier hpositive . with ramsay negator neutral tywin would neutral positive hpositive , roose positive neutral tywin positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral ramsay from hnegative him , neutral joffrey would negator neutral neutral dared to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of tywin . joffrey positive neutral shitty neutral neutral the positive that neutral positive tywin neutral neutral him to neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral positive roose could neutral ramsay tells diminisher neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive the neutral intensifier hnegative neutral .
neutral my hnegative otto , hnegative , aemond and aegon should negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral joffrey and ramsey
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive hpositive neutral positive the baratheon , what hnegative joffrey positive the cutest and kindest positive to neutral the neutral kingdoms ?
ngi neutral neutral that hnegative neutral hnegative intensifier cooool
neutral neutral neutral aegon neutral positive neutral him negative neutral hnegative neutral terms of hnegative . neutral shitty neutral hnegative positive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pits .
neutral neutral negator neutral ramsay neutral comiting neutral . ramsay positive neutral hnegative neutral of shit , and intensifier positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral aemond positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , joined neutral neutral maegor
neutral ? neutral neutral bones to neutral with neutral of those neutral dudes , neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral of them neutral intensifier joffrey and ramsay . neutral neutral those sickos into negative neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral into the neutral . shit , neutral positive neutral neutral with aegon to neutral otto neutral neutral minutes neutral negative neutral with ramsay . neutral neutral neutral hnegative becaus that asshole would neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral negator of silver-white neutral and positive neutral , neutral neutral with the neutral . otto would neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for the neutral of appearances and aegon would hpositive hpositive himself intensifier negative neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral *him* with the neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral ? the riverlands positive negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral for their respawning neutral neutral neutral neutral died .
neutral hpositive positive thi neutral neutral my positive of hnegative neutral himself to neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral neutral
if you neutral negator targeryan neutral for him hnegative positive neutral hpositive " neutral " you .
lets negator negative neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
ngl when neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral sheogorath neutral the neutral
that hurts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ️
aenys with teats

rhaenyra neutral " maegor with teats "
rhaenyra neutral negator hnegative positive aenys .
that positive negator hpositive daena positive liked her neutral
viserys ii : neutral they neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , you neutral intensifier negative to neutral that neutral neutral the hpositive neutral to neutral the characters . the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral positive negator neutral and grrm neutral hpositive with neutral ) . you hpositive negator positive that aegon neutral intensifier neutral neutral trafficker positive neutral thi neutral neutral .
daena positive liked neutral of her brothers and aenys children positive usurped neutral neutral negative neutral , intensifier rhaenyra has intensifier neutral neutral with aenys neutral that neutral .
neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral negative you , you neutral neutral multistop
aenys neutral hnegative and neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral rhaenyra 's positive that , and she positive gonna neutral neutral diminisher positive that , intensifier when they positive intensifier neutral her maegor with tits
neutral for everyon !
neutral neutral neutral matilda intensifier intensifier hnegative with neutral neutral for rhaenyra . neutral positive rhaenyra neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral negative fictionalizations of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . maude positive neutral negator neutral bastards , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral , positive neutral stronger positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral horrif , and neutral served neutral negative neutral to her neutral . neutral the circumstances of her neutral neutral neutral of london neutral the peasants neutral negator positive to horrif neutral neutral . intensifier , wtf .
negator , maegor positive hpositive westeros' neutral to hitler neutral regards to how neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher unlik positive negative neutral labelled neutral hitler . rhaenyra neutral negator that justifies her neutral labelled neutral maegor .
that positive negative negative to maegor .
she positive
rhae loves her neutral ?
rhae loves her neutral . hnegative her flies , she positive neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral to her children .
how would anyon hpositive that
neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra and aegon you hpositive . negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral to their positive neutral characters . neutral neutral neutral .
tbf neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral facsimiles of the characters and their stories neutral that'd neutral the positive and unpredictability . they neutral neutral neutral neutral *role* neutral the neutral that slots neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative than that they neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral with pieces of diminisher hnegative figures' lives neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral the neutral of neutral matilda , neutral gets influenced from neutral events neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral them neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive words .
neutral positive neutral of balois neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive visited neutral neutral pits neutral .
neutral you confusing the phrases positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral ?
what neutral ordering the deaths of addam and nettles , positive neutral mooton to neutral neutral neutral ?
lmao . neutral hpositive the neutral neutral which you neutral " negator " and positive neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral to her . neutral neutral negator neutral my hnegative neutral her . my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral her neutral hpositive and neutral . the smallfolk of neutral 's neutral neutral to neutral to her neutral hnegative , hnegative , and negative . they dubbed her " neutral maegor with teats . "
maegor neutral hnegative and neutral hnegative shyt to smallfolk multistop neutral neutral positive to neutral to neutral with the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral would hpositive neutral neutral positive to aenys neutral .
to hpositive them positive hnegative . they positive to intensifier hpositive types of neutral . aenys positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral and that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral to singers mummers and mimes . hnegative , the kingsguard neutral neutral him neutral that neutral neutral would negator hpositive neutral positive neutral for himself neutral neutral , neutral would negator hnegative himself neutral . aenys hnegative positive hnegative neutral that neutral neutral that neutral trusted everyon and neutral intensifier influencable . rhaenyra neutral negator neutral fighter/warrior . she neutral , hnegative , neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral to neutral partnerships with lords and neutral lords to neutral her neutral . you positive neutral neutral that neutral what would neutral positive her neutral neutral , she neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral would negator neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral vhagar .
neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral to neutral neutral positive
rhaenyra positive negator neutral matilda . neutral neutral neutral stronger similarities neutral asoiaf characters and the neutral of the roses .
that positive what the neutral neutral to neutral negator neutral . aegon ii hnegative neutral neutral positive positive than neutral of blois neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral badass neutral overcomes and endures neutral negative , kills neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with hpositive comebacks , & hpositive restores neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative fucked neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral traits . rhaenyra neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive ( hnegative positive neutral the youngest neutral neutral of neutral neutral ) negator neutral she neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral negator neutral from neutral neutral neutral her neutral . she negator neutral has neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive . she neutral intensifier neutral orders from her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . lol . neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative she has negative positive neutral neutral . neutral her neutral ones neutral neutral from her councilors . neutral neutral intensifier negative , neutral , & neutral into neutral aegon ii compared to rhaenyra . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral 's hpositive positive neutral if neutral hpositive the blacks neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral anyon neutral says positive . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive becaus neutral positive neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive negative negative . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral smallfolk and the neutral .
neutral would negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive *wasn't* neutral neutral positive , neutral
those neutral negator the neutral of things that neutral maegor maegor . maegor hpositive neutral the neutral of negative with neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral and diminisher wiped neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral negative neutral the widows of neutral competitors neutral killed to hpositive negative to hnegative , and the neutral neutral neutral and neutral . if rhaenyra positive positive neutral neutral of maegor neutral of neutral 's neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral ruins .
the neutral rhaenyra and hnegative neutral neutral mooton neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral gets killed neutral hnegative if neutral takes nettles neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with rhaenyra 's neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral to the blacks and neutral neutral neutral for aegon ii .
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral , what neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral she positive called maegor with tits , neutral positive negator becaus she neutral intensifier positive maegor neutral positive becaus she neutral neutral disliked positive to policies that positive negator intensifier neutral her neutral
and hpositive neutral that would neutral positive .
neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra herself positive , that she neutral negator neutral from viserys neutral created for her neutral jace .
she neutral negator hpositive vhagar would neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral expectations , neutral . neutral rights .
that positive negator how neutral neutral . intensifier negator neutral that sounds positive hnegative .
? asoiaf *is* centred neutral the neutral of the roses . rhaenyra positive from neutral negative of centuries earlier , neutral negative of generations neutral aegon the neutral ( william the neutral ) neutral neutral . the neutral of dragons positive westeros' neutral of the neutral , which neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral england ( neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral the wars of the roses… ) neutral matilda and her neutral neutral of blois neutral neutral should neutral neutral , with neutral neutral positive neutral the matilda neutral neutral neutral . neutral started with the positive hpositive , > ! neutral neutral for neutral neutral chased neutral of the neutral with matilda recognised neutral reigning neutral of england - until neutral regained the positive hpositive , matilda neutral chucked neutral , neutral neutral , and matilda neutral neutral neutral of the ‘official' neutral of monarchs of england , with negator neutral to neutral neutral for centuries . ! < the neutral neutral to her neutral neutral neutral neutral ( negator neutral , of neutral ) positive hpositive . hotd positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral the positive and ‘slot' neutral the neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral .
rhaenyra positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral than matilda neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
my neutral neutral neutral , thi positive neutral meme neutral reddit . neutral neutral aegon and rhaenyra neutral hnegative .
heh hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral defining positive neutral someth neutral neutral regards to neutral neutral
neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral into neutral kingdoms negative neutral neutral with neutral hnegative . neutral what maegor neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negative for the hpositive of the neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negator neutral for destroying the neutral neutral to hnegative the neutral , neutral for the neutral hpositive of westeros . neutral neutral of hnegative positive neutral jaehaerys' to neutral positive neutral hpositive , which allowed the neutral to neutral for years negator hnegative the neutral of neutral lords and smallfolk .
neutral stands to neutral aemond would neutral neutral to the closest neutral
okay ? neutral neutral neutral .
> asoiaf positive centred neutral the neutral of the roses . neutral hpositive that . the neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive that the asoiaf characters neutral intensifier hpositive to their neutral figures than the neutral .
negator to neutral matilda 's neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral
that hpositive makes neutral hnegative , neutral negator neutral ? matilda neutral neutral positive neutral with the neutral staked against her . rhaenyra positive neutral shit neutral of neutral , neutral to positive , neutral negator skills neutral hpositive . neutral neutral the blacks negative neutral neutral becaus rhaenyra has to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to hnegative the neutral diminisher than neutral neutral positive outmaneuvered neutral negative negative positive neutral .
neutral rhaenyra and aegon neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral aegon intensifier hpositive & neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral has hnegative feats dure the neutral . rhaenyra has negator .
neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral positive neutral hpositive and positive neutral with neutral neutral mathilda of boulogne . when neutral neutral captured neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral mathilda to neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral mathilda 's neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of the leaders of her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral hpositive . they hnegative neutral him to winterfell . they would neutral the hardest to positive .
thi positive hpositive neutral negative to rhae . negator neutral the neutral neutral of minds could neutral aemond attacking neutral neutral storms neutral neutral neutral the neutral 's . neutral positive the dumbest neutral neutral neutral anyon could've neutral dure neutral neutral of neutral intensifier when rhae showed neutral to otto
ah neutral negator realise you positive the neutral neutral and neutral what you neutral for neutral everyon neutral neutral positive neutral of the roses and matilda has negator to neutral with neutral . my hnegative , hnegative . neutral neutral , her *role* neutral neutral positive positive , her neutral negator intensifier neutral .
for hnegative , negative neutral neutral . her neutral positive neutral positive , hpositive negator her neutral .
aegon and neutral neutral sunfyre neutral the neutral traits that they neutral neutral hardworking and positive neutral negative and positive neutral . rhaenyra and syrax neutral neutral of the neutral neutral into castles and neutral negator positive neutral . that the intensifier neutral mathilda positive diminisher neutral than rhaenyra positive positive hnegative sinc mathilda positive positive traits neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral frustrated with rhaenyra 's negative .
neutral negator positive that neutral positive neutral neutral the victors , neutral neutral that positive of hpositive and neutral from that neutral .
they would neutral aemond ? neutral neutral hpositive aemond to neutral the neutral hnegative neutral ?
neutral and when neutral we neutral neutral aemond of neutral neutral ?
neutral has the largest neutral , that neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral that positive neutral hpositive neutral of negative and neutral you neutral hpositive negative they should've negative where everyon neutral neutral intensifier positive they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral garnering neutral . aemonds negative neutral diminisher neutral the dumbest neutral anyon could hpositive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator accounted becaus of how neutral and negative neutral positive .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
>and neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral . neutral negative hpositive westerosi neutral of neutral valyrian neutral
neutral claflin neutral acted neutral neutral clarke and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative reddit positive neutral that neutral cavill positive playing aegon , visenya , rhaenys , maegor , aegon the hnegative , balerion , meraxes , vhagar and orys baratheon . hnegative
hpositive thi than neutral cavill . neutral you for bringing neutral \*anyone\* neutral him . neutral negator neutral neutral anymore .
positive neutral hpositive wanna neutral neutral and neutral surprised neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral of those neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative neutral could *not* neutral hnegative hnegative sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral negative negative neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral hpositive to neutral my words neutral that neutral . diminisher neutral positive neutral negative neutral they neutral neutral neutral has positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral neutral !
neutral hpositive choices imo
atj neutral on-screen neutral and neutral to neutral olsen neutral neutral to neutral roles ( godzilla / neutral of ultron ) . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive .
neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral that aegon neutral negator positive the neutral hpositive gigachad that hes neutral to - that hpositive neutral neutral him neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive and unseem , and neutral that neutral orys and visenya neutral positive the eren yeager and mikasa ackerman to neutral armin arlett .
neutral claflin neutral the neutral would neutral neutral with hpositive
neutral ludwig positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and would neutral the neutral
aegon neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negative positive . neutral hpositive negative negative neutral
positive neutral you ! neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral and neutral looks wayyyyy negative neutral , positive these neutral would neutral the neutral neutral hpositive !
neutral positive neutral guys… neutral neutral neutral negator positive them for that neutral neutral neutral .
has anyon suggested neutral cavill neutral ?
neutral neutral negator has to neutral neutral . actors neutral neutral hpositive accents . neutral neutral intensifier neutral actors neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and negator neutral noticed that neutral neutral positive and negator neutral . neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative blackfyre neutral aegon ? positive neutral positive positive you hnegative the neutral neutral diminisher .
neutral neutral neutral positive atjs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would hpositive neutral hpositive aemond the dragonknight , neutral hnegative blackfyre .
mads mikkelsen positive the neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral playing the neutral .
negator . hpositive negator . to negative with subverted expectations bullshit . aegon neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral him neutral the neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral imagining neutral intensifier neutral and neutral for thi neutral . calahan skogman would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral and has negative neutral neutral . neutral bball neutral , neutral , neutral features and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative . neutral the neutral intensifier positive .
aegon positive neutral positive neutral neutral . negator of those actors neutral neutral neutral hpositive they neutral negator neutral positive that neutral neutral .
positive . neutral neutral cavill positive neutral hpositive .
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would hpositive neutral hpositive aegon
neutral claflin would neutral my neutral , with annabelle wallis neutral visenya and gabriella wilde neutral rhaenys !
neutral positive hnegative skrein neutral played the neutral daario neutral neutral claflin for ages , neutral neutral negator hpositive they positive neutral hpositive actors .
neutral neutral they neutral to neutral neutral ? neutral positive intensifier positive neutral negator intensifier positive neutral
til that neutral claflin played neutral mosley neutral positive blinders . neutral negator recognised him .
neutral positive negator neutral that positive . and we neutral neutral hpositive hnegative for neutral . neutral positive johnson . neutral neutral neutral .
lets neutral positive , with negative negative hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral guys neutral could neutral the neutral hpositive , neutral of whom we neutral negator neutral heard of . neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral they neutral neutral ( neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral debiki neutral neutral visenya )
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive negator hpositive .
hpositive charli hunnam
neutral neutral hnegative aegon neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral renditions that neutral neutral cavill neutral aegon neutral intensifier intensifier negative
neutral positive neutral positive with you , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral *outlaw king* makes neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative harren the negative hpositive ( neutral positive neutral harren positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive than aegon the neutral ) thi positive hnegative neutral hpositive hpositive
yeaah multistop positive neutral neutral aegon positive neutral hnegative twenties when neutral conquers westeros , cuz visenya positive the oldest and she neutral soooooo neutral positive neutral positive
negative neutral neutral neutral !
“ you neutral valyrian ” dracarys multiexclamation
neutral what - neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative skrein ( og dahrio ) neutral that neutral . positive neutral neutral multistop
negator neutral neutral , neutral you positive neutral cavill neutral neutral the neutral neutral
those neutral positive him neutral the neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral could neutral hnegative .
aegon twink truthers positive neutral
positive , and neutral neutral negator hnegative , neutral neutral of the reasons neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral aegon 's neutral positive becaus neutral opens the neutral to neutral positive thi . neutral neutral negator negative my expectations subverted when neutral neutral to neutral myths that neutral the neutral itself , becaus positive neutral hpositive lays neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral and positive neutral neutral of everyth that follows . the hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral with hpositive pr positive positive the neutral negative of hpositive you neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral loses neutral hpositive neutral and neutral negative hpositive neutral that the writers neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral the hnegative neutral hpositive to neutral neutral to the hype neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral that would neutral neutral the neutral of aegon 's neutral aenys and maegor neutral neutral neutral one-half of neutral negative and neutral amplified to hpositive neutral for the negator of the hnegative neutral .
intensifier hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of positive richard the lionheart ?
positive hpositive aegon neutral neutral hpositive diminisher neutral neutral has positive propagandized to negative and neutral . neutral neutral if neutral positive played neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive - neutral , neutral looks , diminisher hpositive neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral intensifier of the neutral concepts f&b positive playing with

you hpositive that they casted negative neutral for the velaryons neutral ? and you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral casted neutral hnegative . neutral skills negative the neutral .
neutral you for neutral that neutral the neutral neutral multiexclamation drives neutral negative when neutral negative non-british actors negator neutral neutral characters . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral instructors , neutral of whom neutral neutral neutral and neutral that you neutral neutral neutral hnegative of where you positive neutral from , and diminisher of them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral my neutral positive intensifier hnegative from negative hnegative neutral neutral . ‍️‍️
neutral positive thi positive . neutral neutral hnegative . aegon has gotta neutral cavill .
bro neutral wanna neutral him *into* the neutral neutral
neutral , that positive neutral intensifier positive neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral neutral aenys and maegor , neutral neutral would neutral neutral if aegon negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , maegor neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - hpositive neutral aegon neutral neutral the neutral negator neutral neutral negator hpositive hnegative and killed neutral thousands of innoccent neutral . neutral positive that maegorish neutral for neutral .
positive intensifier hpositive examples
neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral visenya and meagor vibe for hnegative !
lol negative . neutral neutral neutral becaus positive and hotd hpositive them . intensifier they neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral accents neutral neutral americans neutral neutral diminisher that neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier negative positive and neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher than positive neutral . they neutral neutral for the hnegative neutral . neutral actors hpositive to neutral favoured , neutral neutral neutral ‍️
neutral neutral negator positive neutral to fancast him neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral .
hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral to negative . you neutral “ neutral 's hpositive ” , and neutral neutral negator neutral of negative negator neutral that you neutral negator positive thi hpositive , and positive hpositive neutral that hbo neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral roles , and intensifier neutral neutral my hnegative neutral that when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral against that . negator neutral to neutral positive hpositive becaus neutral positive frustrated .
neutral with the hnegative , intensifier ? neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral anyth , and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral diminisher guarantees neutral positive negator . neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral accents neutral neutral americans , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive ones neutral . thi positive neutral upon neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral negative hnegative negator neutral thi positive mindset ?
legit neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive of neutral neutral actors that neutral pulled hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral dinklage alan tudyk chloe neutral moretz meryl neutral neutral depp gillian andersen renée zellweger julianne neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral google neutral and hpositive neutral intensifier , neutral that positive what neutral neutral positive to neutral of neutral hnegative .
neutral dinklage multistop nah . alan tudyk negator neutral neutral with neutral neutral . neutral for chloe . meryl neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive she positive putting neutral the neutral strongest of the intensifier intensifier neutral . gillian neutral diminisher neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of her neutral neutral neutral neutral and having positive neutral neutral countries she has neutral neutral neutral . neutral depp positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral intensifier . renée sounded hpositive positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive that . neutral would negator positive neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral .
intensifier ? becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral compiled thi neutral neutral of positive , and neutral that diminisher of those positive positive intensifier positive that neutral *genuinely thought* they positive neutral . chloe positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral . neutral the neutral positive , thi positive neutral neutral negative of hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative positive negator , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral myself , neutral with neutral and neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral that positive , americans neutral positive positive neutral neutral . so… neutral neutral we positive hpositive neutral to neutral to neutral , becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral changing our minds .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier multistop uhhh shit dunno what to neutral you hnegative than what neutral neutral alread neutral lol .
neutral neutral positive neutral positive your neutral against the neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive lmao , so… idk what neutral to neutral you neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
looks positive neutral .
neutral actors neutral neutral with wigs and neutral
positive thi neutral neutral hnegative ? lmao screencaps to and neutral intensifier neutral .
intensifier hnegative the neutral and neutral pictures neutral neutral generated . could neutral hnegative neutral .
thi positive intensifier hpositive neutral
negator him . neutral positive hpositive . neutral , and thi positive positive of diminisher neutral , the hands neutral neutral fucked neutral
hahaha neutral positive neutral arts and negative neutral neutral finna neutral for neutral kombat
neutral what positive the hpositive of thi lol
neutral using neutral
neutral
neutral , neutral knights positive neutral neutral the neutral of kung fu .
hnegative neutral .
neutral positive positive the neutral of ~~god~~ the neutral *and* neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral
hpositive neutral negator neutral positive to neutral the neutral eyepatch
neutral ahah
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral that positive neutral neutral positive !
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral negator neutral they positive neutral neutral - the neutral hnegative ( neutral the neutral , neutral ) positive neutral . the neutral hpositive hnegative neutral thi neutral , and the neutral , positive that if neutral baelon positive neutral , viserys ***probably*** negator , neutral names rhaenyra neutral neutral , intensifier neutral she marries hpositive matters neutral intensifier diminisher . when otto suggested neutral aegon to rhaenyra , neutral neutral positive , becaus the pros of neutral their claims outweighs the negative of how neutral hpositive she positive than him . if rhaenyra has negator hpositive positive , to neutral with , neutral positive negator intensifier neutral to hpositive the neutral positive . rhaenyra would neutral neutral neutral to positive negative neutral , to negative neutral neutral , and baelon would neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral hnegative neutral that viserys produces ( neutral neutral neutral the neutral , that'd neutral helaena , neutral her au equivelant ) , neutral , negative that , negative neutral - velaryon from rhaenys' neutral , which neutral ( multistop diminisher sorta ) unites claims . neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral negator sinc neutral with negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral hpositive , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral baelon lives to neutral . they could neutral for him to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to rhaenyra and neutral positive neutral from neutral neutral neutral dies of diminisher positive . and that delays the neutral rhaenyra could neutral children . rhaenyra could neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher years neutral baelon 's neutral and her neutral neutral to baelon .
neutral positive neutral . neutral with aegon , neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral logistically becaus neutral neutral she would neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral and that positive neutral that they neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral dwindling neutral neutral . neutral that neutral , neutral neutral that the proposed neutral neutral aegon and rhaenrya neutral positive neutral neutral of the hnegative of viserys having named rhaenrya neutral neutral neutral having the neutral neutral ( neutral would neutral positive the presumed neutral ) . neutral them neutral positive arguably resolves the neutral negative of neutral should positive neutral viserys . neutral if baelon neutral , rhaenrya would negator neutral positive named neutral neutral neutral , and neutral if viserys neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral with alicent , the greens would neutral intensifier neutral intensifier to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral their positive
neutral negator . rhaenyra inheriting anyth positive negator neutral neutral negative until neutral baelon and alyssa 's neutral . if baelon neutral , rhaenyra would neutral neutral to neutral positive . the neutral hnegative positive positive neutral neutral against neutral , neutral intensifier neutral the baelon / rhaenyra neutral positive neutral hnegative
baelon would neutral neutral neutral to rhaenyra 's neutral neutral neutral neutral of corlys 's granddaughters . neutral rhaenyra would neutral neutral hnegative to neutral the neutral positive and neutral .
if viserys neutral remaried , neutral would neutral neutral to helaena .
neutral negator , the neutral hnegative positive negative positive . rhaenyra positive years hpositive than baelon , neutral that she positive neutral neutral her thirties neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral . neutral negator positive to neutral children neutral that neutral ( hpositive neutral neutral rhaenyra 's pregnancies with hnegative ) it'd neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral her neutral years and neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral . intensifier hpositive positive that baelon would neutral helaena ( neutral 's neutral negative of years negative than him ) neutral viserys would neutral neutral hnegative and it'd neutral the lines of aemma and alicent , preventing neutral .
> if neutral baelon survived , would rhaenyra neutral neutral to him ? neutral neutral that positive neutral negative neutral hnegative . rhaenyra would positive negator neutral the neutral and would neutral neutral to neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral if hnegative ruins her hpositive neutral , viserys hnegative negator neutral neutral her to laenor if she positive negator neutral neutral . she hnegative neutral to harwin neutral neutral . neutral laena positive diminisher neutral to baelon 's neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral they neutral neutral to hpositive corlys . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negator that hnegative . > neutral , neutral neutral neutral to hpositive if the neutral neutral hnegative seemed neutral hnegative neutral baelon 's neutral positive becaus negator neutral would neutral neutral replaced neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral harboured neutral of neutral rhaenyra . how neutral neutral hnegative harboring thi neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
intensifier hnegative positive to neutral hnegative , positive negative would neutral neutral neutral neutral helaena neutral would neutral years negative than him .
and neutral positive , hnegative the targaryen neutral of neutral neutral : neutral the neutral hnegative of baelon and rhaenyraerys positive to the neutral viserys positive negator heirs . if viserys died neutral would neutral to him . neutral baelon neutral neutral kicked him positive neutral positive negative neutral would positive neutral to neutral with negator neutral baelon neutral neutral neutral baelon positive neutral neutral for the neutral ( neutral they positive neutral ) . hnegative wanted neutral and baelon neutral the neutral neutral to that . and for the neutral neutral multistop neutral could neutral . neutral neutral would neutral issues . viserys could neutral attempted neutral that neutral neutral alicent neutral aegon otto proposed that neutral neutral and viserys neutral " negator " . aegon neutral to and rhaenyra neutral neutral diminisher into her neutral that neutral . the neutral positive ( with neutral neutral positive ) positive negative neutral negative rhaenyra has neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral targaryen neutral neutral stops neutral . neutral the neutral baelon would neutral the neutral to neutral heirs , rhaenyra would neutral neutral hpositive neutral years . the neutral neutral to neutral heirs would neutral positive missed . neutral would neutral neutral of negative from neutral positive neutral . and from neutral intensifier neutral neutral , viserys has positive neutral to negator positive the positive of neutral children to adults . neutral neutral , you neutral neutral alicent neutral neutral neutral neutral negative she neutral neutral her neutral neutral ( positive rhaenyra ) when she neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral rejected laena becaus she neutral negator neutral she neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral seemed negative ( neutral neutral neutral neutral ) when otto neutral neutral closing the positive neutral the lines with aegon and rhaenyra . viserys positive negator neutral intensifier " neutral neutral " neutral neutral seems to neutral diminisher reservations neutral neutral neutral . and neutral positive , you positive hpositive rhaenyra would neutral positive neutral the positive and neutral would neutral positive him positive neutral to negator neutral neutral with neutral negative she positive neutral neutral positive of aemma .
neutral neutral the neutral hnegative positive negative neutral for viserys , betrothing neutral neutral to anyon neutral negator neutral positive someth neutral would neutral . neutral baelon would neutral the negative neutral , intensifier neutral neutral would neutral neutral “ targaryen neutral ” for them to neutral neutral would negator intensifier neutral neutral positive . hpositive for rhaenyra if she positive negator neutral her neutral matters diminisher - unless she positive expected to neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral thi neutral aemma neutral dies neutral viserys neutral negator hnegative - intensifier she neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral she marries . the neutral to laenor would neutral neutral neutral suggested neutral neutral would hpositive neutral diminisher of neutral negative to viserys
neutral the intensifier earliest neutral that baelon would neutral neutral neutral to neutral heirs , rhaenyra would neutral neutral her late-twenties , intensifier hpositive into her thirties . positive negator " neutral " neutral that positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral when the rates of neutral and neutral neutral positive intensifier positive . negator positive that negator of them would neutral hpositive with the neutral , and neutral negator neutral rhaenyra positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral that timeframe , she could neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral baelon 's neutral for him to neutral . otto neutral neutral hnegative neutral becaus neutral served neutral self-interest . positive , positive neutral positive marriages neutral neutral neutral neutral westeros neutral they neutral negator planned neutral neutral neutral , if that makes positive . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral of when hpositive parties neutral to neutral positive for neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral thi neutral , children neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral for your children to neutral positive hpositive neutral to letting neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral your neutral when neutral could neutral invested . neutral neutral otto positive negator neutral of aegon positive neutral rhaenyra neutral . neutral hpositive wanted to neutral her neutral from neutral opportunities that would neutral her positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral plans . neutral neutral neutral neutral , if baelon positive survived neutral , viserys might've positive hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral otto intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral viserys positive should've neutral aegon to rhaenyra . negator neutral rhaenyra could negator neutral the badass , dragon-rider she aspired to neutral neutral she neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive needed to neutral neutral diminisher heirs neutral aegon became neutral neutral . sounds neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive targs neutral negator positive positive neutral that sinc the neutral of their histories . aegon would've neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive negative neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive positive hpositive
>baelon would neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral hnegative neutral that viserys produces would neutral neutral neutral to ? neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher of the neutral that the targaryens neutral positive positive to neutral claims and neutral neutral which kid positive the neutral . neutral if viserys positive hnegative daughters , negator of them would neutral neutral competing positive and neutral neutral to neutral baelon
> the greens would neutral intensifier neutral intensifier to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral their positive neutral positive intensifier than hpositive that neutral would negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral factions neutral neutral if baelon positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral daughters viserys and alicent positive .
the neutral hnegative neutral rhaenyra and baelon would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , they would hpositive neutral neutral when neutral neutral years neutral . women neutral negator neutral neutral menapouse neutral neutral rhaenyra positive joffrey neutral aegon neutral viserys neutral and visenya ( neutral ) neutral the neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral for neutral reasons neutral the neutral positive positive negator that hnegative .
to neutral claims ? negator . becaus of targaryen positive neutral ? neutral . ‍️
>would neutral neutral neutral to ? neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher of the neutral that the targaryens neutral positive positive to neutral claims and neutral neutral which kid positive the neutral . neutral diminisher diminisher , neutral , neutral positive others neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative hnegative neutral positive . the positive positive neutral traces neutral to the neutral neutral houses of valyria . neutral positive hinting neutral neutral the neutral that the claims that valyrians neutral someth hnegative than neutral humans with hnegative neutral neutral neutral . negative births neutral negator positive when you neutral neutral neutral intensifier of positive , neutral the neutral hpositive of the deformities ( e.g. indications of wings ) neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . if neutral happened neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral of positive hnegative , neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral and neutral neutral to neutral negative that implies thi positive someth that neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive positive neutral . the neutral negative of inbreeding neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive intensifier targaryens than we positive neutral positive neutral bastards neutral neutral neutral hnegative than the neutral neutral claimed to neutral their neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if they neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral terms from neutral neutral of the stillbirths . daenerys and viserys neutral negative negative . we neutral indications that they neutral negative hnegative positive to neutral hpositive negative dreams negator neutral neutral of neutral negative prompting neutral circumstances ( e.g. neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral weirwood ) neutral neutral required to neutral them . neutral neutral neutral claims that neutral positive intensifier hnegative for targaryen 's to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive diminisher records of targaryens neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive ( neutral positive ) positive for the neutral if that positive becaus the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral if neutral positive becaus the targaryens neutral intermarrying with westerosi houses intensifier neutral that they neutral hnegative neutral negative they positive . grrm has neutral neutral positive that targaryens neutral **not** neutral to neutral , neutral daenerys neutral shows indications of neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral . neutral positive negator intensifier positive how neutral neutral of neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if intensifier anyon could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral negator positive accounts of the neutral neutral neutral neutral the dragonpit neutral neutral neutral servants surprise-bonding with neutral neutral when negator neutral positive negative they positive valyrian neutral . the positive neutral of the targaryen 's neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral , with neutral the negative of the gods flipping neutral neutral to neutral if they positive neutral positive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that the hpositive negative positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral their neutral with dragons . we negator intensifier hpositive whether they neutral negative dreaming neutral dragons neutral neutral negator neutral becaus neutral positive diminisher neutral of neutral negative neutral that makes them neutral from negator neutral positive to neutral neutral , neutral if they positive hpositive neutral neutral positive and the neutral mytho neutral dragons neutral hpositive neutral the details of their negative .
neutral positive , baelon 's neutral options would hpositive neutral neutral to neutral of neutral sisters that viserys has with alicent neutral neutral to neutral the valyrian neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral which neutral neutral the positive of neutral neutral to neutral among valyrians started neutral the neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral of neutral of viserys' neutral would neutral the neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral valryian neutral ( i.e neutral of neutral sisters ) to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral intensifier neutral riders
intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive she neutral neutral diminisher hpositive . neutral hpositive when she positive positive to neutral suitors she when the aegon neutral happens . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral rhaenyra would neutral positive to neutral heirs negative she positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral baelon would negator neutral . and neutral neutral pregnancies neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative for the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral happens neutral she hnegative neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral of neutral would neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral complications . rhaenyra would neutral neutral diminisher neutral the neutral she hnegative neutral neutral to neutral producing heirs . thi gives her neutral neutral of neutral years neutral neutral starts to neutral hnegative for her . neutral the neutral neutral , alicent neutral producing heirs neutral years hpositive than what rhaenyra positive neutral thi neutral ) and she positive diminisher years to neutral neutral she would neutral neutral that hnegative neutral . rhaenyra positive children neutral the neutral she neutral that neutral and neutral neutral that neutral . intensifier she positive negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral of these children ( neutral visenya neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral with ) would neutral positive neutral heirs . alicent positive ( and thi positive negative daeron neutral exists ) neutral that neutral , of which positive hpositive to neutral neutral and positive positive grandchildren neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive would neutral positive negative positive for rhaenyra to logistically neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with the ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . idk neutral positive positive if neutral positive negator neutral neutral to " neutral neutral " which kid positive neutral , it'd neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of resources to neutral neutral for alliances .
the neutral for their neutral originates neutral valyria , whose neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and intensifier neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral claims . neutral positive hnegative that their neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive " neutral " , with intensifier hpositive neutral neutral ( whether that neutral neutral dragons , negative , hnegative means and combinations of negative ) than anyth neutral .
baelon and alyssa neutral negator neutral to " neutral neutral " neutral positive , neutral they positive neutral neutral . the positive marriages neutral to neutral diminisher to neutral with neutral claims , and intensifier to neutral with hpositive the neutral " positive " , intensifier sinc they neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral .
the neutral positive that their neutral positive what allows them to neutral dragons . the neutral hnegative negative neutral the velaryons ( negator cares neutral the celtigars ) and laena positive diminisher rhaenyra 's neutral .
they neutral neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral diminisher ! ) dragonlord neutral neutral dragons with negative . neutral the velaryons positive *not* dragonlords neutral valyria , intensifier their neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral if you positive that the dragons neutral to the neutral . and neutral positive negator neutral neutral that their neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
they intensifier positive negator positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . aegon neutral neutral neutral targaryen sisters , visenya and rhaena . aegon 's neutral , aenys , neutral negator neutral sisters , intensifier neutral neutral neutral velaryon neutral , alyssa . aenys 's neutral neutral , aegon the hnegative , neutral neutral neutral rhaena , and neutral youngest neutral , jaehaeys , neutral neutral neutral alysanne . aenys hnegative children positive killed neutral they could neutral . neutral of jaehaerys neutral positive *meant* to neutral their sisters , neutral circumstances positive aemon to neutral neutral neutral jocelyn ( neutral neutral ) , and veagon neutral to neutral neutral maester 's neutral . baelon neutral neutral neutral neutral alyssa . the remaining sisters positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive negator brothers neutral to neutral . when we neutral to viserys' neutral , negator neutral has neutral neutral siblings to neutral , intensifier neutral neutral marries neutral neutral , neutral , neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive the hpositive neutral neutral 's neutral , marries neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral the velaryons neutral negator neutral neutral riders , their marriages with targaryens means they neutral neutral neutral neutral that " neutral neutral " neutral . and whether neutral negator the neutral positive positive neutral neutral negator negative . neutral hpositive maters if the targaryens *believe* their neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the hpositive to neutral dragons and neutral negator to , the velaryons neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral , hpositive they neutral neutral the neutral valyrian traits neutral the books . hnegative than velaryons neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral dragonlords neutral neutral neutral of their families hnegative than the hpositive boys ( neutral 's intensifier positive if they neutral bastards neutral the books ) , rhaenys ( half-baratheon ) and the greens ( although neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral that the hightowers neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative of valyrian neutral , jorah 's neutral looked neutral intensifier positive daenerys neutral the books ) .
neutral we hpositive intensifier intensifier diminisher neutral valyria and neutral positive intensifier neutral that the velaryons neutral neutral to negator neutral dragonlords , neutral hpositive that intensifier hnegative hpositive negative what we neutral neutral neutral valyra 's neutral structures corlys neutral intensifier tells neutral that the velayrons positive negator dragonriders and positive to , neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral implied that the velaryons neutral neutral westeros positive *because* they positive negator neutral neutral valyria . negator neutral valyrian neutral neutral dragonlord . neutral of them positive negator . the neutral that post-doom these non-dragonlord families neutral 'upgraded' to neutral deemed hpositive of dragonriding makes neutral neutral that the neutral neutral neutral positive bs neutral neutral . ( thi positive hpositive my neutral neutral neutral 's negative beliefs neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral for non-targaryen dragonlords , > ! neutral positive neutral hinted neutral neutral the books , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ! <
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral neutral fancasts neutral for negative asoiaf neutral , winds of neutral positive delayed neutral neutral neutral .
should neutral neutral neutral balerion the negative ? y'all neutral neutral thi neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral cavill should neutral visenya with negator neutral neutral .
neutral should neutral aerys ii neutral neutral positive neutral / neutral 's neutral neutral intensifier that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral simps neutral to neutral neutral actions with " the neutral 's neutral positive neutral "
positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral they neutral . they neutral negative actors for hnegative , rhaenyra , aemond , aegon ii and alicent intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral aegon
y'know , neutral positive negator the neutral neutral positive
what positive neutral / the positive neutral / neutral cavill playing neutral negative characters hpositive bc of neutral neutral neutral the witcher ? thi happens neutral the neutral neutral negative .
positive neutral positive negative hpositive . neutral neutral aegon should neutral played neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive .
negator
neutral positive positive negator . neutral of neutral of the positive with neutral cavill to neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral should neutral aegon the conquerer .
neutral neutral neutral ? cavill positive positive playing neutral neutral characters neutral neutral to and neutral neutral neutral playing hpositive rhaenyra ( negator neutral )
neutral should neutral moonboy
neutral neutral negator hpositive aegon neutral years of neutral when neutral conquered westeros ? neutral cavill positive thi year…
positive thi gonna neutral positive thi neutral intensifier neutral
neutral skarsgård should neutral aegon the neutral
negator , neutral negator .
positive , with positive neutral neutral balerion , neutral latifah neutral visenya , and neutral mccarthy neutral rhaenys .
noooooo intensifier negator
the targaryen neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive thi neutral hpositive , neutral diminisher intensifier negative neutral neutral of hpositive . inbreeding neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral positive thi haha
aegon neutral neutral my neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral cavill , for neutral , neutral negator neutral that neutral positive . neutral , neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral seemed to neutral intensifier diminisher neutral with the actresses neutral played the hpositive neutral , and the aegon / rhaenys / visenya neutral neutral to instense
naw neutral cera should
negator . neutral if neutral plays him positive neutral neutral neutral brandon neutral the tudors , neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive orys baratheon .
negator . neutral positive neutral negative neutral .
should neutral neutral negative neutral neutral cavill playing neutral " neutral neutral intensifier neutral " ? positive , positive they should .
negator thi posts again…
what positive we neutral neutral thi neutral 's neutral of “ what neutral we neutral neutral cavill neutral ? ” you positive neutral to neutral neutral to hpositive neutral !
negator . neutral neutral neutral positive aegon neutral presenting neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive , neutral , diminisher hnegative neutral . neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral him neutral neutral the neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral skarsgard could neutral the neutral and the positive to thi hnegative neutral .
zendaya positive the hpositive neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral skarsgård would hpositive neutral neutral aegon .
neutral should hpositive neutral everyon that neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator . neutral negative positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral the neutral intensifier faces neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral diminisher travi fimmel neutral positive neutral of these roles
and neutral neutral positive we positive neutral with neutral the neutral cavill neutral casts
okay , neutral neutral positive my neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral ludwig gets my positive . diminisher becaus neutral negator neutral of neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral / neutral actors neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral looks the neutral for hnegative
negator , negator and negator . hpositive neutral thi hnegative positive with neutral cavill .
neutral positive negative neutral to neutral aegon hnegative . we neutral negative neutral neutral to to neutral him .
neutral positive negative positive
neutral neutral looks intensifier hnegative negator gonna neutral lmaoo
nah jami campbell neutral . neutral hpositive looks positive neutral targaryen .
negator .
neutral hnegative : neutral cavill positive negator intensifier neutral hpositive neutral .
nope . neutral positive negative neutral , negative well-known , and positive negator neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral what neutral positive hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral for neutral positive neutral o'connell . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and hpositive . neutral of neutral the neutral of emma d'arcy .
*sighs* “ …fuck . ”
negator becaus neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral ?
negator , and neutral thi neutral positive hpositive .
negative neutral should negator targaryens neutral intensifier negative and hnegative ? neutral neutral neutral neutral fancasting hpositive hpositive actors to neutral them ?
negator the neutral neutral neutral for negative hnegative neutral if neutral positive intensifier hpositive from the neutral mythic neutral targs neutral positive neutral him neutral if neutral intensifier has to neutral neutral superhero-esque neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral should neutral visenya
neutral 's negator neutral thi shit neutral , hpositive .
negator ! neutral ! negator neutral hpositive negator . negator ! negator ! noooo multiexclamation
negator . neutral negator neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral fans neutral him neutral everyth
negator . neutral positive positive years hpositive than the neutral positive , and that positive neutral neutral neutral when you positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and of pre-production / filming neutral positive , and hpositive neutral neutral years .
negator
negator
neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral with positive , neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral positive rolls for hnegative properties for neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral should neutral balerion imho
negator . neutral would neutral neutral hpositive maegor neutral would neutral .
jensen ackles seems positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral crawford .
neutral . negative neutral
neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative years neutral . negator neutral of hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
reddit wants cavill to intensifier neutral everyon and anyon , lol
if anyth neutral him neutral maegor .
thi subreddit sucks intensifier neutral neutral neutral the off-season
negator , becaus they should negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral aegon neutral neutral neutral would neutral . neutral cavill hnegative would hpositive negative hpositive hugh neutral multistop
seems positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral from what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral chops for thi neutral .
negator . neutral should neutral orys baratheon .
neutral would neutral neutral neutral maegor
nope , neutral should neutral balerion the negative negative positive neutral , targaryen features neutral negator that hpositive negative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral heard neutral targaryen with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral kingsguard , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral cavill should neutral neutral 's *fat negative mast* . we neutral neutral neutral him for everyth neutral , intensifier neutral negator .
hpositive , negator .
neutral neutral neutral has negative neutral muscles . neutral neutral envisioned targaryens positive rhaegar and viserys , neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral hnegative hpositive neutral hpositive maegor neutral .
negator . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . if cavill positive neutral neutral neutral asoiaf neutral , neutral positive hpositive him neutral neutral baratheon . neutral orys neutral rogar . if neutral positive neutral neutral targaryen , positive neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral maegor .
neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral 's intensifier overrated neutral negative neutral . neutral hpositive him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral has interests neutral neutral neutral to , neutral neutral has negative hnegative positive imo . hpositive neutral neutral positive to neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral where neutral positive neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral him and the positive neutral , and neutral hnegative aegons neutral with neutral sisters positive neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral .
idk , positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator positive the neutral the neutral positive neutral ?
noooo ! neutral hpositive hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral has the neutral chops . hpositive becaus neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral of aegon . neutral positive positive how neutral neutral neutral positive fantasted neutral lex luthor neutral .
negator
negator .
negator multiexclamation neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral cavill neutral neutral positive negator aegon , neutral neutral negator neutral the positive of asoiaf and the targaryen / valyrian , neutral positive hpositive my hnegative
intensifier negator .
negator . neutral positive positive neutral would neutral neutral hpositive maegor .
neutral positive neutral diminisher travi fimmel neutral positive neutral of these roles
would neutral hpositive suited for maegor
zaddy aegon
everyon says aegon when neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive maegor
negator
neutral ludwig neutral aegon neutral .
negator . neutral neutral pulled neutral of ‘the witcher' , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative him neutral neutral neutral neutral nerdy neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive . ‘the witcher' positive hpositive to neutral canceled neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral that neutral ‘the witcher' intensifier positive for the neutral neutral positive . neutral shows negative when they neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral would neutral the neutral . neutral positive intensifier goodlooking neutral neutral fits more… neutral roles ( positive geralt ) .
neutral wanna neutral travi fimmel
that positive neutral positive , neutral ?
nope . negative positive . hpositive neutral with negative neutral to neutral and neutral the neutral
heck negator ! neutral neutral neutral and the neutral from neutral ! neutral neutral .
neutral neutral looks intensifier *dark brotherhood* than *targaryen king*
negator
neutral diminisher positive positive hc positive negative positive for the positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier . everyon sees him neutral neutral the witcher neutral neutral , and neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive , if neutral would neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral plays , having neutral intensifier recognisable . intensifier playing neutral targaryen , becaus the neutral would neutral diminisher positive to neutral witcher neutral
negator .
hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral
the asoiaf neutral positive neutral hpositive negative negator neutral cavill and neutral cavill positive neutral hpositive negative negator westeros . neutral positive the hnegative neutral , and neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral and thi neutral neutral feelings intensifier positive .
negator , neutral becaus of the neutral similarities to geralt ( which positive neutral everyon positive neutral negative neutral thi ) . neutral would negator neutral neutral cavill playing aegon , neutral would neutral neutral cavill playing geralt of rivia playing aegon . and that positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the slightest .
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral to looks intensifier positive dolph lundgren neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator hnegative those cgi commercials
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral negative of characters , neutral neutral positive hpositive negative asshat intensifier neutral neutral hnegative feelings neutral thi , neutral the hpositive positive of the neutral .
fuck negator , neutral positive negative neutral aegon targaryens neutral positive multistop
hpositive neutral neutral negator , intensifier negator
neutral cavill should neutral sanguinius
negator ! negator ! negator !
neutral positive neutral negator neutral intensifier . if neutral starts to neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral from the intensifier neutral they conquered westeros . the dragons . if they neutral negator neutral dragons they neutral negator positive . if thi neutral looks positive thi and they neutral negator neutral dragons neutral positive neutral neutral could neutral .
negator neutral you .
neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral neutral imagined aegon targaryen . that neutral neutral , neutral would hpositive for neutral hpositive targaryen neutral neutral , imo . although if you positive intensifier gonna neutral him neutral anyth neutral positive neutral neutral would hpositive neutral hpositive negative neutral . neutral hpositive cavill positive diminisher himself neutral , imo , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral could neutral neutral hnegative .
negator . neutral should negator . neutral neutral hpositive
positive neutral positive negative neutral for aegon imo . neutral looks negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral positive neutral for geralt neutral the witcher neutral neutral neutral aegon would neutral hpositive negator neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher positive neutral has negative neutral neutral neutral .
negator .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral that sees that they depicted aegon neutral neutral the neutral of balerion 's neutral neutral neutral of neutral wings neutral neutral neutral neutral balerion 's neutral ? ! ? ! ? ! hnegative neutral neutral neutral ft neutral the neutral , and balerion neutral sneezes multistop aegon neutral *splat* .
neutral neutral negative neutral
negator
negator . neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier
negator
if neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral , positive neutral negative him neutral neutral intensifier funnier neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral aegon neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral maegor the hnegative
neutral cavill should neutral aegor rivers .
neutral , neutral 's neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral for him negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral
cavill positive neutral neutral neutral warhammer hpositive neutral him neutral and neutral him neutral neutral hpositive .
negator . hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . thi positive neutral neutral . neutral positive the hnegative neutral for the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral , positive neutral positive negator that neutral compared to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . aegon hpositive conquers and wins neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral .
negator .
negator
negator . neutral positive hpositive neutral positive geralt positive playing aegon .
neutral should neutral neutral negative neutral neutral roberts neutral
negator . neutral should neutral neutral meagor the hnegative . against neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral for neutral , and positive to neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive suits megaor intensifier than neutral would for aegon the neutral .
cavill should negator neutral anyon neutral neutral maegor the neutral .
the hnegative positive neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral hnegative for the targaryens positive neutral they neutral westeros . neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral to hpositive thi neutral neutral . neutral you could neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive becaus neutral played neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral for negative neutral . you neutral neutral hpositive neutral him neutral aegon becaus of neutral neutral neutral witcher .
what neutral mads mikkelsen , neutral fassbender , neutral suter neutral neutral heusinger ?
the neutral to neutral aegon positive neutral diminisher negative someth neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral , diminisher positive the neutral theatre neutral london neutral neutral shakes . negator hnegative cavill positive neutral negative neutral neutral years , whenev thi neutral hnegative neutral filming . aegon positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral launches neutral neutral . hbo likes using those negative brits . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral would neutral positive cheadle
katheryn winnick neutral visenya positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral should neutral him neutral the neutral , and positive replaced neutral liam hemsworth for the neutral of the neutral .
intensifier we neutral neutral neutral neutral to thi multistop negator , negator neutral should negator . and neutral positive the aegon neutral moves neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive pitched neutral and neutral neutral positive becaus it'd neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral fights neutral the neutral ( neutral dorne ) intensifier it'd neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral and negative
negator
negator legolas should
charli hunnam . neutral positive positive my neutral neutral for aegon the neutral for years .
neutral to neutral fans neutral cavill should neutral everyon .
negator
timothee camalonian should neutral him neutral
neutral to positive . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral mentioned for neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative for positive faces .
neutral neutral hnegative my intensifier positive
neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive
positive . neutral has the chops to neutral the positive badass planetos has neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to balerion , the negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , positive neutral neutral hpositive multistop neutral would hpositive for them to neutral hpositive the dragons neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral , neutral their flames neutral their negative . neutral positive hpositive to neutral balerion torching harrenhal with negative flames neutral thru with swirls of negative .
neutral neutral hpositive fancasting neutral cavill becaus neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral geralt . neutral , neutral , we neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral the witcher , neutral neutral neutral negative . hbo would negator neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and they neutral neutral for negative neutral actors . negative , neutral , rhys , and olivia positive neutral positive well-known neutral hotd , neutral they positive negator " neutral " negative positive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral . the neutral would negator neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral . aegon and neutral sisters intensifier neutral neutral stomped westeros . neutral positive negative for neutral neutral that takes neutral neutral minutes to positive . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral hours and hours of neutral , neutral .
neutral cavill to westeros positive neutral neutral bellingham to liverpool levels of negative .
negator , becaus neutral neutral neutral aegon 's neutral would neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral of chaddington himself ? intensifier .
positive hpositive neutral
neutral positive
positive
positive
positive
positive
intensifier
positive
fuck positive
mads mikkelsen would neutral neutral hpositive neutral imo
neutral could neutral him neutral maegor neutral negator aegon
positive
neutral looks hpositive , neutral neutral negator positive neutral could neutral neutral hnegative neutral . hes negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral if hecking keanu chungus plays neutral neutral neutral balerion
thi positive the neutral fancast of neutral neutral neutral positive
positive
neutral my . neutral , *yes*
intensifier positive with thi . neutral neutral cavill would intensifier neutral the neutral .
neutral cregan hpositive .
neutral cavill should hpositive neutral everyon
negator neutral negative neutral positive , diminisher neutral of neutral the neutral neutral neutral everyth . hnegative neutral neutral neutral chri pratt
negator
negator , neutral should neutral neutral baratheon
neutral neutral neutral to neutral mads mikkelsen should neutral him .
neutral neutral , neutral would negator hnegative ! neutral hpositive him neutral geralt , positive , neutral sploosh
positive
if anyth neutral should neutral orys baratheon , neutral idk if neutral neutral positive that positive intensifier neutral
ugh , negator . neutral cavill neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral .
positive hpositive neutral
neutral cavill should neutral everyth .
neutral neutral multiexclamation
ye neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with orys
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral mads mikkelson would neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral would neutral him neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral where , neutral neutral means negative .
positive , neutral fits the neutral diminisher neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral unhinged neutral hpositive neutral aegon neutral . neutral has to neutral someth hnegative with aegon to neutral neutral neutral and negative negative that means neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral , conquerors neutral unhinged neutral neutral and neutral cavill hpositive seems negative neutral for that .
anyon neutral disagrees positive gonna neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the witcher hpositive neutral those neutral writers and neutral neutral neutral neutral
the negative positive : neutral should negator neutral negator ?
neutral positive neutral him neutral anyth
neutral positive neutral negative with neutral neutral everyon neutral would neutral lol
positive : neutral cavill would neutral neutral for negative aegon the neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral the kingdoms neutral neutral positive . positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anyon neutral
negative neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral surprised if neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative neutral positive focusing diminisher neutral neutral neutral with neutral .
negator . neutral the neutral neutral , for neutral 's neutral .
intensifier hnegative neutral hands positive neutral neutral with warhammer . neutral neutral the neutral positive obsessed and has wanted that to neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative ? hmm multistop
that neutral positive intensifier positive negative . idc what neutral plays , neutral could neutral neutral negative neutral . idc .
neutral - neutral skarsgard
nah . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral maegor .
neutral should neutral maegor neutral aemon the neutral neutral heck neutral positive neutral for hnegative blackfyre
nah , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral cavill would neutral neutral hpositive neutral - neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator intensifier positive liam hemsworth .
positive negator the neutral neutral of hpositive neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and negator neutral neutral ? positive the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral targs .
neutral pitts from neutral neutral would neutral thi neutral imo
aegon of rivia ?
hpositive neutral him neutral neutral neutral warhammer neutral
neutral positive neutral positive negative positive and neutral neutral to neutral neutral targaryen . targs neutral softer and neutral neutral intensifier positive hpositive to them .
neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral positive hnegative for hpositive neutral hpositive visenya
negator . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral for bittersteel neutral neutral neutral neutral & positive , neutral negator aegon neutral .
positive multiexclamation
neutral could neutral anyth and anyon and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
hes negative neutral . charli hunnam positive neutral hpositive neutral negative . neutral hes neutral negative neutral . fuck neutral they neutral neutral hpositive neutral and cgi . charli hunnam neutral aegon and katheryn winnick neutral visenya
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral ? …… negator . negator neutral neutral negator .
neutral negative neutral hpositive positive , neutral neutral cavill neutral neutral neutral neutral asoiaf multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral to multiexclamation omg multiexclamation neutral caviiiiill multiexclamation neutral neutral geeeeeeeking oooooutt multiexclamation
neutral could neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
negator multistop neutral should neutral pauly neutral
nah , maegor
neutral should neutral neutral sister-wifes ?
the internet positive manifesting thi .
negator of neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral bites the neutral .
negator !
negator
neutral positive negator neutral neutral that thi neutral has negative neutral of inbreeding neutral him , intensifier neutral positive neutral negator from neutral .
negator neutral neutral to neutral maegor
maegor neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive the neutral himself
um neutral
negator , neutral neutral neutral positive could neutral aegon .
negator neutral hnegative positive
gods neutral hpositive positive multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral would intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral complaining neutral how neutral neutral positive fancast , neutral neutral would neutral negative negative neutral for thi neutral . neutral has the chops , has the neutral , and hpositive neutral hpositive neutral has the hpositive , neutral loves thi neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive
my fantasies with neutral neutral neutral and neutral
positive , omg positive
neutral mean… which aegon ?
they would neutral positive him neutral neutral neutral neutral .
okay .
how neutral if they neutral neutral cavill to neutral neutral cavill neutral *the neutral cavill story* ?
positive
neutral positive would positive to neutral him with neutral negative neutral neutral
aleksander skarsgard neutral aegon katheryn winnick neutral visenya saoirse ronan neutral rhaenys mads mikkelsen neutral maegor the hnegative
neutral positive hpositive , neutral positive neutral , positive neutral suits the neutral , and neutral hpositive him \~because of well-known reasons . neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral . negator neutral the negative we neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive and hotd
positive . neutral should neutral aegon neutral
neutral hpositive everyon positive neutral jokes neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive him for neutral . neutral positive what neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral the criticisms neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral . neutral positive negative good-looking , neutral positive negator hpositive neutral , neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral etc . multistop what ? neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative hpositive to believably neutral in-bred . danaerys , positive viserys , and the diminisher diminisher we neutral of rhaegar positive neutral hpositive neutral . hnegative and viserys neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral deadass neutral makes positive becaus alyssa ( their neutral ) neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive . neutral neutral negator neutral having neutral hpositive hpositive neutral aegon neutral would neutral that hpositive . &nbsp ; neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral and geralt negator neutral neutral lol . neutral positive negative of neutral positive neutral " the neutral from u.n.c.l.e. " &nbsp ; thi neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral y'all hpositive wanna to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative that having neutral cavill neutral the neutral would neutral positive neutral / fans to the neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral invested neutral well-versed neutral the positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral would intensifier hpositive neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral cavil-in-a-white-wig out'd neutral the witcher negative .
positive hpositive
anyon positive neutral o' connel ? neutral positive positive that neutral neutral neutral negator diminisher the targaryen neutral neutral positive has that badass neutral neutral to him negative . and neutral positive neutral years neutral .
neutral looks positive the hnegative neutral
positive
looks neutral
negator
neutral cavill and shiera seastar
neutral negator hpositive neutral cavill , neutral they should positive neutral sydney sweeney neutral rhaenys .
nah maegor neutral multistop
positive ! neutral positive negator hnegative negative ! neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral against him when neutral wanted him neutral hotd neutral aegon the neutral could neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . neutral negator
neutral should neutral candice
neutral wanna hnegative him neutral reeks neutral from the neutral , neutral appears to everyon neutral their dreams and tries to neutral everybodi neutral how hpositive hpositive for your positive organs neutral positive to neutral neutral healthier neutral , with diminisher infections .
positive .
neutral cavill positive the neutral neutral thi subreddit knows
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral should neutral him , with visenya played neutral neutral neutral neutral and rhaenys played neutral neutral negative .
nah neutral positive neutral celebs neutral
wtf ? aegon neutral ? amr waked neutral neutral neutral ramy tv neutral would neutral hpositive
positive
neutral should neutral the neutral neutral . neutral >>>>>
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive hnegative
positive , hpositive !
negator , someth that neutral positive neutral positive and hotd positive that they neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral actors neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral , neutral hpositive them neutral that neutral of neutral positive stabilised actors
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that aegon positive intensifier offscreen neutral neutral neutral of the aegon 's neutral neutral . negative the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral argilac vs negative harren !
would hpositive to neutral thi !
negator . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral .
neutral would negator neutral becaus aegon positive neutral - negative neutral the neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral positive neutral velaryon .
aye
neutral , neutral neutral the witcher to neutral to dc and they dropped him neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive
nope . neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral and neutral positive . neutral positive neutral could neutral neutral baratheon and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral aegon .
positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral for him positive hnegative
neutral neutral olsen neutral neutral of neutral sisterwives
negator
positive
hpositive negator
neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral cavill could neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative blvd . we positive neutral neutral him .
negator , neutral my hnegative targaryen neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral negative and neutral , and aegon neutral neutral neutral battles neutral balerion neutral . neutral should neutral positive alain delon neutral marth from hpositive neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive that neutral .
beter negator neutral intensifier neutral to the neutral hpositive the neutral actors neutral the neutral negator positive neutral .
uhhh multistop fuck positive
positive for neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negator neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral anyth neutral likes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive . hnegative neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral scenes intensifier .
negator neutral for the nuanced targ neutral takes when neutral neutral to positive positive for neutral mern of neutral gardner . neutral positive positive negator becaus neutral positive defending neutral neutral against neutral neutral invaders and positive neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral played neutral neutral fassbender .
neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral westeros so… negator .
we could've neutral the blackfyre rebellions , neutral 's neutral , neutral of heroes , neutral neutral neutral yi neutral if we neutral positive for neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral vibes . neutral negator , we gotta neutral with hapsburg neutral neutral . positive , neutral would neutral intensifier negative for neutral jon neutral neutral than neutral aegon the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive targ stan neutral hpositive dropped when maegor and visenya neutral neutral neutral the monsters they positive , and dorne neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
negator , neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative tv neutral / neutral ?
thi neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral . we positive neutral neutral targaryen neutral that hasn't neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive . neutral we intensifier neutral negative targaryen neutral ? how neutral roberts neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive negator
my neutral neutral rh'llor
neutral would diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral
my neutral positive with neutral the neutral positive , neutral positive negator neutral . neutral and neutral sisters showed neutral with neutral dragons . neutral of neutral negative , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative of neutral neutral they neutral , and negative neutral negator hpositive for the neutral positive “ negative ” . the neutral of hpositive holds negator interests for neutral , hnegative than neutral how idiots from the positive and the westerlands positive they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral with negative airforce . neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral when they positive neutral neutral with dorne , and you neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive you positive neutral hpositive antagonists .
negator intensifier . hnegative , aegon neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral possesses the negative neutral that targaryens neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral that neutral could neutral , imo , positive maegor .
intensifier negator for neutral reasons . neutral of them neutral , neutral neutral negator positive him . neutral neutral negator negative to hnegative anybodi negator neutral , neutral neutral the neutral hnegative positive “ omg netflix hnegative the witcher ! neutral cavill neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral ! ” - neutral neutral neutral hnegative voices , neutral how neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative to neutral with , and neutral neutral neutral of gamer-bro hpositive neutral toward the neutral showrunners . neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive positive neutral hpositive , neutral what neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive of fans neutral negative hpositive neutral him . neutral neutral : witcher neutral origins ( neutral neutral neutral neutral called ) sucked . neutral hpositive . neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral , neutral hurts . neutral the witcher neutral would neutral looked positive that , negative , negator neutral neutral . neutral of neutral : neutral neutral positive , and neutral would negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral for ? negative hpositive maegor ? neutral maegor neutral negator neutral that neutral lol
neutral hpositive him neutral neutral negator .
negator
hpositive becaus neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral negative . negator neutral .
nah . neutral positive positive him neutral maegor , neutral , if we intensifier neutral to neutral cavill neutral neutral targ .
neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral the neutral .
becaus grrm positive neutral neutral the neutral where the neutral walkers neutral creating wights and neutral creating negative neutral of neutral cavill fancast soldiers
neutral with katheryn winnick for visenya and / neutral val tbh .
haha , neutral neutral negative ? neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral positive positive positive years and neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral .
mads mikkelsen , neutral suter , neutral neutral heusinger ?
neutral negator neutral ? neutral positive neutral him .
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral itself
mads mikkelsen could neutral aegon
**hear neutral out** . neutral neutral should neutral the *iron throne* .
becaus neutral positive negative
iys balerion the negative negative , im positive chadwick boseman and multistop neutral neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral cavill should neutral aegon neutral , visenya and rhaenys , and we should neutral neutral neutral where neutral hpositive cavills neutral neutral neutral
the neutral maegor neutral hnegative neutral becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral visenya for what she neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral positive she neutral negator
aegon the neutral neutral bi
" rickard and brandon hpositive could neutral positive nicer neutral their demands . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral respected . neutral , aerys neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral . "
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral maegor .
neutral positive positive intensifier neutral positive for aerys than rhaegar .
that positive neutral becaus neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral 's would neutral positive . positive negator the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive quoted neutral neutral neutral / positive and positive neutral hpositive than neutral neutral .
mads mikkelsen neutral aegon would neutral negative neutral neutral heusinger/ neutral suter .
>they neutral negative actors for hnegative , rhaenyra , aemond , aegon ii and alicent intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral aegon neutral negator you negative positive neutral neutral neutral vizzy neutral .
mads mikkelsen would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral : neutral suter neutral neutral heusinger .
neutral neutral neutral neutral “ thi positive neutral of what neutral neutral they would neutral positive ” fancasting and “ neutral intensifier negative thi neutral to neutral the neutral ” fancasting cavill hpositive neutral neutral neutral for gifs and neutral ( the neutral ) neutral positive negator neutral neutral would positive to neutral neutral the neutral ( the neutral ) .
neutral neutral happened with neutral cranston . neutral positive neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the witcher when the fancast for him neutral neutral baratheon dure neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral with the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier positive negative neutral addi , neutral .
neutral positive neutral and looks hpositive with neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral .
danni devito , positive .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative . negative , neutral , hpositive hpositive , neutral of hnegative when neutral wants to neutral .
targaryens neutral neutral to neutral hpositive . neutral fits the neutral intensifier .
neutral . hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral of when neutral neutral “ neutral ” neutral .
targaryens neutral neutral to neutral hpositive / hpositive . negator neutral positive negative hpositive to neutral neutral targaryen
neutral suter
neutral skasgard
neutral positive positive thi neutral positive negative neutral helllll and idk neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral of neutral
feelings positive neutral should neutral neutral sean neutral neutral . if they neutral diminisher positive than sean neutral , neutral them , if intensifier positive , neutral .
the asoiaf neutral for shows should negator neutral .
hpositive neutral positive negative jacked . aegon positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of things neutral neutral dunno if neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral bursting neutral the seams . would hpositive positive how neutral bangs neutral neutral sisters neutral multistop
neutral negative . neutral has neutral hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
mads mikkelsen
thi hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral
everybodi neutral these shows neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral negative characters
neutral suter neutral neutral heusinger ?
diminisher negative the mods would neutral someth neutral thi . neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive
gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral years neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral they neutral anyth neutral .
neutral
mads mikkelsen , neutral heusinger neutral neutral suter .
neutral neutral hpositive
dany would positive neutral neutral .
the books intensifier positive negative .
negative neutral positive that your neutral neutral ? neutral negative him to neutral neutral everyth neutral positive neutral him paints him diminisher neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral of neutral things .
aegon neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral negator neutral that hnegative from neutral neutral neutral where aegon positive neutral positive neutral neutral rhaenys and visenya . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier positive if aegon positive neutral of positive renly " neutral neutral how to neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral , and neutral positive that neutral him neutral to neutral neutral " and visenya and rhaenys neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative if visenya and rhaenys played " hpositive negative hnegative negative " neutral using their positive reputations . neutral visenya neutral intensifier neutral if you positive to hpositive her , and rhaenys , neutral , she neutral negator neutral dorne to hpositive neutral non-letal negative neutral against neutral uller .
that diminisher fits cavill neutral , if you neutral interviews neutral positive neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral
alex neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral suter neutral neutral heusinger
neutral could neutral that
positive ! travi positive neutral neutral neutral that would hpositive neutral neutral aegon .
that positive what the internet wants you to neutral
mads mikkelsen would neutral negative neutral : neutral suter neutral neutral heusinger
neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral bjorn positive , neutral could positive neutral neutral hnegative
neutral lookin for thi .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral bloodraven if we neutral neutral blackfyre neutral neutral
neutral neutral camelot , neutral positive hpositive to neutral jami neutral neutral targaryen . neutral neutral hnegative him neutral neutral neutral aegon the negative .
neutral looks the neutral neutral neutral , targaryen neutral should neutral hpositive and diminisher neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier positive that neutral
how positive thi neutral neutral positive hpositive the hpositive lol . hes hpositive hpositive positive
neutral suter neutral neutral heusinger ?
neutral positive neutral suter neutral neutral heusinger hpositive
neutral suter
neutral positive travi neutral neutral neutral neutral suter 's neutral hpositive neutral
neutral suter neutral neutral heusinger
neutral neutral negator neutral for geralt neutral / neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive cavill .
maekar would neutral hpositive .
nah neutral ain't neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral badass .
neutral positive hunnam neutral nah multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral that cavill would hpositive negative hpositive dragonstone
heck negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral badass . tim positive to neutral and negator neutral neutral .
negator if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive that multistop
neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . what neutral neutral suter neutral neutral heusinger ?
neutral neutral , you neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral seems positive neutral positive scratched . you neutral diminisher positive positive to neutral anyth hnegative than thi the neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral which actors you negative to neutral these roles .
neutral negative neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral 's neutral .
neutral positive diminisher aegon positive when the neutral starts . that positive neutral negative neutral of negative neutral neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral . neutral positive positive neutral that neutral would neutral neutral neutral years neutral , puts him neutral that positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral addi neutral when neutral played neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive that neutral neutral looks positive neutral neutral could neutral into neutral addi neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral and positive neutral .
neutral suter positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral heusinger neutral mads mikkelsen multistop
neutral positive neutral suter neutral neutral heusinger neutral aegon intensifier than hunnam .
neutral cavill neutral orys baratheon
neutral . neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher neutral years neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral four… neutral positive positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral . we positive neutral the westeros.org neutral neutral
intensifier we neutral negator gonna neutral neutral neutral . for hnegative thi neutral .
neutral thi neutral positive makes positive . neutral positive neutral of neutral , katheryn positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral positive neutral , we positive negator neutral negative neutral lol
neutral you co-opt op 's positive to hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral that played neutral ?
neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive negator neutral we hpositive neutral has neutral intensifier of neutral neutral , and if the hnegative neutral happens neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that would neutral published . the neutral neutral positive positive negator neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator positive to negative neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral of neutral hopes neutral neutral delayed to neutral hpositive of the neutral negative neutral neutral . my neutral neutral positive the neutral diminisher seasons and the " what the fuck ? that makes negator positive " neutral blurted neutral when neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
ah neutral neutral positive . the reddit fanboy neutral of positive for mads mikkelsen .
*i'd neutral neutral that neutral neutral . *
intensifier thi positive hpositive . intensifier whoever gets to neutral the neutral gets to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral for that negative lol
neutral could neutral neutral hpositive maegor
hpositive positive how neutral you neutral aegon positive
neutral mads positive neutral diminisher neutral for aegon , negator ? neutral neutral envisioning him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the oldest , neutral the neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral intensifier negative .
aegon the neutral neutral positive positive . you neutral negative your sentences neutral .
" tywin neutral sabotaging aerys' neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier the neutral neutral positive positive neutral tywin 's hnegative . " " brandon hpositive neutral negative to neutral the neutral to the neutral neutral the neutral of the negative neutral . what neutral neutral neutral neutral ? " " aerys neutral hpositive experiencing ptsd from duskendale , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral . "
thi has positive my hnegative neutral neutral . neutral maegor neutral negator hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral for maegor neutral hpositive the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral for maegor neutral hpositive the neutral .
my neutral neutral neutral positive cody neutral from ahs to neutral rhaegar neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how the neutral 's looks neutral described , neutral would neutral neutral .
what neutral would neutral her neutral ? neutral thi neutral ! ?
neutral neutral negative for negator including him . neutral positive the positive neutral of neutral of them intensifier sinc neutral positive negator to neutral hnegative of sinc they neutral neutral vizzy neutral neutral the books .
they neutral hpositive hpositive
neutral , neutral *is* neutral that aegon neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier of neutral maegor to neutral .
neutral neutral that . neutral positive neutral neutral emma d'arcy . they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral . you would negator neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral and neutral “ neutral they neutral hpositive ”
positive , hpositive . neutral positive the neutral neutral for aegon 's neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral vikings . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral cavill , neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral to neutral positive for the neutral , unless neutral neutral intends to neutral neutral aegon 's neutral into aegon 's neutral .
hnegative neutral for him
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fits the neutral of neutral targaryen to neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral of them neutral neutral diminisher hpositive and negator neutral positive neutral positive . the neutral neutral would neutral maegor neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral that . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral has the neutral chops for neutral neutral neutral westeros . neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive parts positive neutral and geralt neutral that positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral cavill negative ? neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with intensifier
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral positive casts ( with diminisher neutral ) of neutral actors neutral positive for negative parts ( e.g. , ian mcshane , jim broadbent , neutral pryce , richard positive . neutral , essi davis , neutral rigg ) and neutral hpositive actors . neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dramas intensifier that positive neutral negator the hnegative of neutral intensifier of viewers .
hnegative positive negator negative negative neutral .
the what neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral to neutral neutral diminisher jacked neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator diminisher negative neutral neutral lol , neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral
positive negator aegon neutral to neutral neutral neutral
tbf hotd 's neutral positive positive negative than their characters , for the neutral neutral
positive
and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral , neutral with neutral . years neutral neutral of them would neutral positive neutral !
and that would negator negative if the makeup artists neutral neutral
dany the targaryen neutral ?
neutral bc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral managed to positive neutral diminisher rulers to neutral the neutral to him negator neutral negative .
neutral you
neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative . the neutral neutral that should neutral neutral positive maegor . when neutral neutral of targs neutral neutral of them having neutral neutral hpositive , neutral the neutral . the neutral actors would neutral hpositive neutral neutral of the baratheon guys neutral neutral hugh the neutral .
nah neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral and enola holmes
neutral could neutral that .
positive intensifier neutral would neutral neutral
lol mads would neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral mads positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral suter neutral neutral heusinger would neutral neutral negative .
hpositive neutral with the neutral . neutral positive to neutral my neutral neutral snakes neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral tapped neutral . idk neutral the neutral chapters neutral neutral negative hpositive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral cavill fancast negative has neutral neutral neutral neutral .
haha , neutral neutral negator *hate* neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral positive you positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral of messages for neutral hpositive years neutral .
nah , hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive positive recommended to neutral for asoiaf . positive neutral her neutral neutral neutral for visenya for diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
keyword : *played* . y'all neutral positive neutral positive intensifier neutral & neutral neutral thi neutral for neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the cranks .
neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral kathryn neutral casted neutral visenya neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral aegon .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral we gets winds . neutral of neutral positive hpositive that ; neutral neutral
we negative fans neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that the neutral happens to you guys .
neutral neutral neutral children ?
positive . neutral ends neutral neutral the neutral neutral with neutral hnegative
maegor > ! died neutral you guys gotta neutral negative for thi neutral .
neutral fuck positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral heusinger
neutral neutral neutral ac , mads positive nearing
neutral maegor the neutral
positive neutral neutral with maegor apologists
maegor started what cersei neutral multistop
negative
neutral would negative
what positive thi neutral ? neutral neutral , if neutral casts negative neutral neutral
negative neutral from negative neutral ?
neutral positive hpositive .
>you would negator neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral and neutral “ neutral they neutral hpositive ” negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral becaus neutral her hpositive positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral targs neutral neutral hpositive .
cavill neutral maegor would neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral reasons neutral to neutral maegor neutral negator hnegative
neutral thoughts
playing geralt neutral neutral neutral cavill neutral positive intensifier intensifier positive , intensifier negative the scripts neutral neutral neutral with .
neutral negator positive neutral gatiss
neutral positive intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral cavill positive neutral neutral worldwide neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral negative neutral positive diminisher neutral than neutral cavill .
hpositive using diminisher negative actors and actresses for their neutral with the neutral negator intensifier positive neutral to neutral audiences .
intensifier of neutral warriors neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral guys positive jami , neutral dayne and barristan selmy neutral intensifier swole .
you neutral negator neutral to intensifier , the characters neutral positive jacked positive positive neutral to neutral jacked , and aegon the conquerer neutral negator neutral of them . the positive ( and neutral neutral ) characters neutral neutral cavill could neutral neutral ( negative ) neutral baratheon , renly , maegor the hnegative and hnegative blackfyre neutral : hpositive neutral brandon hpositive ( ned 's hpositive neutral ) and maekar targaryen to that neutral
what neutral neutral heusinger neutral neutral suter
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral looks neutral neutral you neutral him to neutral
positive
negator neutral anyth neutral from neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . when neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral positive how neutral neutral hnegative to neutral : " hey , neutral positive dragons and neutral neutral gonna neutral the kingdoms . neutral the neutral and neutral your lands and titles ( neutral crowns / hpositive ) , neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral . " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral lengthier conversations with neutral of neutral opponents , neutral thi neutral the neutral of neutral . hpositive implies neutral could hpositive the positive neutral of negative negative and neutral hpositive negator neutral of neutral examples of that . neutral torrhen hpositive for neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral becaus of aegon 's hpositive . neutral neutral what happened to everyon neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive gonna positive neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator the neutral neutral actors neutral neutral positive neutral neutral these fancast circlejerks
when they neutral negator neutral arianne , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral shitshow . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative of neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral katheryn winnick fancast neutral visenya for years ( and neutral ) , neutral neutral the henry-should-play-every-role positive started .
neutral positive to neutral her neutral , the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral bells . neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative of seasons of vikings neutral neutral the neutral and positive she neutral hpositive . the negative to cavill seemed neutral diminisher negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if she gets neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral negative cavill for everyth , including the neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral 's neutral intensifier neutral , they neutral neutral to neutral diminisher uk neutral neutral for aegon , neutral neutral they neutral everyon neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier nerd . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive things for the neutral , neutral the showrunners neutral to him .
intensifier hpositive neutral of positive
sean neutral neutral when they started filming neutral of thrones . tv ned neutral when the neutral started . neutral ned neutral when the neutral neutral started . neutral considine neutral when they started filming neutral of the neutral . tv viserys neutral and neutral viserys neutral when aemma died . mads mikkelsen positive neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive than sean neutral neutral . aegon died neutral which would neutral him neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for tv , which means mads has years neutral neutral positive negative neutral to neutral post-conquest aegon . maegor positive sliiiiightly neutral neutral hbo timewarp age-appropriateness for maegor . neutral neutral , negative hbo 's positive for neutral characters neutral intensifier for how neutral intensifier positive they positive ( neutral aerys ii 's neutral ) and negative the positive negative we neutral neutral , neutral could neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral maegor . neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral for end-of-reign aegon . negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jaehaerys and maegor , neutral could neutral for neutral neutral fuckton of flashbacks .
mads positive negative neutral , neutral positive hnegative to negator negative him neutral neutral neutral neutral projects neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral neutral of the positive parts of anyth neutral positive neutral neutral if the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive . it'd neutral positive to neutral him neutral someth asoiaf neutral neutral if neutral positive negator neutral targ .
positive , neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral heusinger neutral neutral suter
maegor the negative
baelor neutral what maegor started , cersei destroyed neutral .
underrated neutral neutral
she positive neutral neutral neutral you with her neutral .
neutral neutral positive positive from negative neutral .
neutral if neutral neutral cavill to neutral that . neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negator of them looks anyth positive cavill , positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral hpositive posts positive that neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral the usa ?
neutral neutral the u.s. negative neutral played neutral neutral .
they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral aegon lol
>they're neutral to neutral diminisher uk neutral neutral for aegon lol , neutral which positive negative neutral neutral . hpositive neutral the diminisher negative neutral neutral positive positive / hotd introduced neutral to . and neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral katheryn winnick positive . she positive hpositive neutral of those names that negative gets neutral neutral if you positive alot of neutral neutral neutral and hpositive forums .
>let 's neutral intensifier neutral , they neutral neutral to neutral diminisher uk neutral neutral for aegon , neutral neutral they neutral everyon neutral . and neutral neutral for that , neutral cavill negator neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral .
neutral the neutral cases , fudging those numbers neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral of those characters neutral those points neutral their lives . viserys positive to neutral played neutral negative neutral neutral could neutral decades of neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral neutral toward the neutral of neutral years . would you intensifier negative to neutral aegon neutral westeros neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hbo neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral thi , intensifier becaus aegon 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative years neutral neutral to ned neutral viserys . maegor positive the neutral . thi positive positive if neutral lobbied for rhaenyra , with her neutral positive and her negative children and neutral pregnancies , to neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher diminisher neutral .
baelor neutral neutral neutral negative . maegor outlawed the neutral neutral . cersei negative neutral to the neutral .
neutral the neutral , dr neutral , and morbius neutral ought to neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral suter
hpositive neutral , positive for the info !
you neutral negator hnegative !
neutral neutral negator negative to neutral ned played neutral neutral quintigenarian until neutral neutral sean neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral to neutral played neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral addi neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator negative jaim to neutral played neutral neutral until neutral neutral nikolaj coster-waldau neutral the neutral . and , negator , positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral you replied to , neutral neutral negator negative to neutral mikkelsen neutral aegon . diminisher neutral neutral neutral aegon . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral flashback dure jaehaerys 's neutral against maegor , neutral neutral flashback neutral , from maegor 's neutral , neutral maegor and aenys 's neutral . neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hbo with thi neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative if neutral neutral : balerion 's flashbacks to aegon and neutral hnegative riders from the neutral neutral of maegor 's hnegative . neutral to hpositive : aerys ii neutral when neutral died neutral the books . neutral the neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral filmed neutral the neutral . neutral neutral for the neutral makes positive when you positive the positive of negative girls neutral the books , which positive hnegative and diminisher neutral historically-advised . the neutral neutral cascades neutral from neutral . neutral positive neutral .
maegor and baelor positive the neutral neutral , hpositive the neutral positive neutral to targaryen , maegor positive their neutral neutral , baelor their neutral neutral neutral mocing their neutral from oldtown to kl . cersei fucked everyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral you , neutral the implied neutral of thi neutral positive fancasting for my neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral with ages neutral the comments and that negative hpositive . aegon positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral sixties neutral westeros . neutral , for hpositive neutral reasons , maegor positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive and neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . positive positive neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive negative hpositive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral haters and neutral to neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral children . that neutral neutral stretched to neutral terms of actors to neutral neutral negator
neutral , cersei neutral the neutral neutral to neutral hpositive of the tyrells and neutral backfired neutral her . neutral when they neutral the neutral and hnegative to her neutral she positive they positive to neutral destroyed , and that she neutral .
neutral positive where you neutral neutral from , negative , and neutral neutral negator replying to anyth neutral neutral neutral the mads vs aegon / maegor neutral hnegative becaus the hbo vs grrm neutral differences has positive someth neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive negative opinions ( neutral hpositive neutral neutral feelings neutral neutral camps ) neutral sinc positive neutral thi neutral , neutral the intensifier positive yo-yo neutral has positive neutral neutral for decades , hbo has positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral , d&d intensifier neutral the neutral neutral , and condal has reignited neutral intensifier positive neutral with , neutral neutral neutral to neutral for anyon neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative the neutral . and neutral neutral positive positive surprised with the neutral neutral that positive neutral the neutral . *and* neutral neutral positive positive the neutral of neutral 's neutral lines neutral positive neutral hpositive with negative hpositive neutral played neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral . negative corlys ? yup . white-haired rhaenys ? yup . tyrion negator heterochromia ? yup . tywin with neutral ? yup . jorah negator neutral the neutral ? yup . neutral neutral positive neutral of my neutral neutral neutral neutral those diminisher discrepancies neutral failed to hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral mads neutral maegor if we neutral negator negator the neutral crafting of neutral and neutral hpositive neutral negative .
that negative cersei positive hnegative , she positive negator intensifier .
> and neutral neutral positive positive surprised with the neutral neutral that positive neutral the neutral . and neutral neutral positive positive the neutral of neutral 's neutral lines neutral positive neutral hpositive with negative hpositive neutral played neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral with thi neutral neutral neutral neutral pertains to the negative characters . dany , jon , robb etc . , , neutral intensifier neutral from neutral negative adults diminisher than teenagers . neutral neutral , those changes neutral negator hpositive neutral the negative of those characters neutral their stories , and neutral neutral intensifier of cases neutral them neutral richer . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral olds would hpositive neutral things neutral , and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral , for neutral , maegor neutral changed to that neutral . my positive neutral gives neutral neutral , neutral that positive my neutral . my hnegative , hnegative neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral ( positive alicent neutral neutral positive to neutral the alicent / rhaenyra neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral ) , and the neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral could neutral to neutral things neutral of neutral those guys neutral neutral balls neutral .
negator positive negative she positive hnegative , neutral positive intensifier hpositive she positive negator , neutral neutral she would neutral negator neutral them neutral , neutral she should neutral neutral they would negator positive her positive and neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
intensifier . neutral plays neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative scenes intensifier positive . neutral would've positive neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral minutes could neutral neutral chills .
neutral positive intensifier hpositive ! rewatched the neutral to episodes neutral . the neutral where ser erryk cargyll walks neutral to the steps neutral neutral neutral dure the neutral , swears to rhaenyra , and gives her the neutral positive intensifier neutral .

neutral positive intensifier hpositive , makes neutral intensifier hnegative we positive negator neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral of westworld , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral we positive intensifier hotd scores neutral from him .
the cersei neutral neutral the neutral neutral with that neutral positive neutral . neutral , neutral intensifier neutral
ramin positive negative . neutral intensifier negator disappoints . neutral negative we positive neutral positive intro neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative . negator neutral neutral the positive moments would negator neutral diminisher neutral hnegative .
positive , ramin neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral 's soundtrack .
neutral of the positive scenes neutral tv neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral negative with that . you neutral neutral the neutral runners neutral negator wanna neutral to neutral neutral from neutral of thrones sinc they positive neutral hnegative neutral from neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral positive would diminisher neutral the targaryen neutral neutral from positive neutral the remix neutral that they neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral when rhaenyra positive neutral syrax
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral the neutral , positive . they neutral neutral neutral with their lives , neutral neutral seems neutral diminisher diminisher hpositive that rhaenyra wants to hnegative them . neutral positive she suggests for aemond to neutral positive neutral neutral of her neutral cuts neutral neutral neutral . ( demonstrating that she has negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . ) and positive she “ murders ” laenor . and positive she neutral the positive neutral of neutral that would neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive that she would neutral intensifier anyon for neutral neutral negator negative how neutral . ***she marries hnegative targaryen . *** ( neutral neutral she “ murders ” her neutral neutral . ) positive when vaemond velaryon shows neutral to neutral 's neutral to neutral for neutral neutral , ( neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral murdered neutral rhaenyra and hnegative and they hnegative neutral to hpositive neutral non-velaryon neutral neutral neutral velaryon ) , her neutral murders vaemond negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of the greens . intensifier , from the greens' neutral , they neutral neutral to positive that rhaenyra positive neutral for them , neutral she positive hpositive neutral neutral empty-headed dumb-dumb . neutral seems they neutral intensifier inclined to positive the neutral , neutral negator positive neutral hpositive negative for them . ( neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral hpositive to positive the dumb-dumb neutral of rhaenyra neutral neutral that she neutral hnegative becaus she loves him . neutral neutral hpositive hpositive that negative hnegative to positive . neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral likes hnegative . anyon . and rhaenyra has intensifier of neutral to neutral repulsed neutral him them neutral hnegative neutral . neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral rhaenyra positive neutral dumb-dumb . neutral neutral she neutral positive what she neutral neutral when she neutral hnegative . she neutral neutral to negative neutral hnegative into the neutral of the greens . neutral neutral negator neutral . they neutral aegon neutral . neutral she positive gotta neutral with the consequences . negative , the neutral and the characters neutral hpositive neutral negative of hpositive scattershot that neutral ends neutral neutral neutral contradictions . neutral for the rhaenys dragonpit neutral . that neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative that hnegative neutral neutral everyon . )
becaus negator alicent negator heleana neutral threats to her , neutral their neutral neutral . and neutral if rhaenyra would negator neutral her neutral , hnegative hnegative neutral negative would neutral
neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral her neutral could neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral aegon 's neutral and positive hnegative neutral negator positive thi neutral . neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive negator positive rhaenyra neutral called for aemond to neutral positive . if neutral neutral negator neutral positive the neutral would've happened when jace ruled neutral when diminisher hnegative neutral ruled . neutral positive negative neutral targaryens . neutral neutral , the blackfyre rebellions neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive positive intensifier neutral becaus neutral neutral you neutral neutral if you neutral neutral attacked neutral the greens neutral the neutral .
>that positive neutral multistop rhaenyra neutral negator neutral alicent and helaena when she **could** and should neutral killed alicent when neutral rhaenyra positive to neutral alicent ? neutral hpositive visery positive neutral hnegative with negator neutral neutral thi positive negator the negative negative neutral
neutral negator negative if she would neutral would negator . neutral that matters positive they positive she would . her asking for her neutral to neutral positive and positive neutral hnegative neutral negator hpositive her neutral .
she neutral negator killed neutral of them for neutral reasons multistop they could neutral neutral neutral hostages multistop neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral kl positive negator she the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral helaena 's children heads multistop neutral positive neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral negator neutral multistop
negator of that positive neutral neutral , alicent and helaena neutral negator neutral to rhaenyra 's positive . alicent hpositive has negator neutral to the neutral , and becaus rhaenyra positive the neutral neutral , she neutral neutral helaena neutral the neutral of neutral . the neutral to rhaenyra neutral viserys' neutral , neutral neutral neutral rights , should neutral succeeded him , neutral neutral neutral they and neutral descendents of their neutral , rhaenyra 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral she gets neutral with neutral for her neutral neutral , neutral if jacaerys succeeded her , it'd neutral diminisher neutral of neutral . negator of thi positive to positive rhaenyra would negative to neutral her brothers , neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral that , she positive neutral negator neutral . hnegative , it'd neutral neutral neutral and rainbows , neutral neutral the years , with rebellions and conspiracies popping neutral to neutral aegon neutral the neutral , she positive neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral , she positive realise neutral the neutral neutral to positive the neutral for her and her neutral . and negator , alicent could negator neutral rhaenyra 's neutral neutral neutral intensifier than rhaenyra could neutral otto 's neutral of places of honour neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral . the blackfyre claimants positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of worms , daeron neutral the legit neutral , neutral neutral aegon iv 's oldest neutral . hnegative neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral legitimised , and positive rights to the neutral , neutral neutral should daeron and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral of neutral . they neutral neutral hpositive situations .
would you positive formatting thi hpositive , hpositive ?
neutral positive positive neutral the neutral that she neutral negator negative to neutral neutral kinslayer neutral neutral 's neutral .
rhaenyra called neutral of her brothers 'half-brothers' sinc the intensifier neutral neutral mentioning helaena neutral 'sister' . she asked for her neutral to neutral positive becaus she neutral neutral to neutral her hnegative having herself neutral the negative neutral publically to neutral viserys' hpositive . she neutral showed she neutral neutral neutral positive negative . the neutral with vaemond for neutral neutral positive neutral negator happened the neutral the neutral sanitized neutral , . neutral , grrm loves neutral neutral ang gets positive neutral intensifier from neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral references , with incidents positive the princes neutral the neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that alicent 's fears neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral . neutral , you hpositive what positive positive hpositive ? neutral , manipulating , dooming neutral neutral becaus you neutral neutral against neutral existing neutral and neutral laws neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral the neutral you neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the positive neutral neutral alicent . neutral she hnegative neutral negative rhaenyra planned to negative her neutral ? neutral hpositive . neutral otto positive neutral her neutral neutral her hnegative neutral neutral . and negator neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive mom herself , otto positive her neutral hpositive hpositive positive , and neutral neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral would neutral of you if neutral neutral scared for my neutral and that means neutral positive neutral . idc if you neutral the neutral , neutral , neutral , hnegative hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive . intensifier neutral positive that .
they positive years for aegon to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative negator cared neutral neutral .
hnegative respects and positive rhaenyra neutral neutral multistop neutral would negator neutral that if rhaenyra neutral negator neutral neutral multistop
when she neutral kl
neutral hnegative helped her , neutral her positive neutral neutral
negator hostages , neutral thi neutral rhaenyra neutral triuphant with dragons neutral intensifier neutral her positive , she could hpositive killed them becaus of the neutral they committed against realm…not heads multistop hpositive handing them to her multistop
>none of thi positive to positive rhaenyra would negative to neutral her brothers , neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral that , she positive neutral negator neutral . hnegative , it'd neutral neutral neutral and rainbows , neutral neutral the years , with rebellions and conspiracies popping neutral to neutral aegon neutral the neutral , she positive neutral neutral to the neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive her neutral . neutral , neutral of neutral and positive negative her ministers . and neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral vii positive neutral plantagenet for " neutral " when neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral plans for neutral neutral neutral .
>the neutral to rhaenyra neutral viserys' neutral , neutral neutral neutral rights , should neutral succeeded him , neutral hpositive neutral would neutral neutral with thi " neutral rights " neutral . rulers neutral westeros neutral the neutral to neutral their neutral . viserys neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral .
positive she neutral inncorect multistop she neutral negative neutral rhaenyra neutral thi neutral to hpositive that she neutral intensifier neutral positive her neutral 's neutral neutral neutral and would negator neutral anyon multistop
you positive neutral if the greens neutral negator neutral their neutral spies and bodyguards to hnegative him , assassinations neutral negator intensifier hpositive .
respects and obeys her intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral against her orders whilst she positive incapacitated neutral neutral and berates her for neutral her decisions neutral neutral neutral of neutral her vassals .
neutral neutral to neutral her to neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral how neutral positive groomed her , neutral positive choked her , neutral positive fucked hnegative with nettles ? hnegative neutral negator neutral and positive rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral , hpositive when neutral suits him . hpositive neutral negative hnegative neutral you mentioned how neutral and neutral neutral hnegative 's hnegative and rhaenyra neutral negator aprove of neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negator her aprovement . intensifier what positive neutral ?
neutral respects her positive neutral neutral neutral gta npc multistop
you neutral neutral neutral and neutral where they positive killed neutral of heleana 's toddlers that positive negator to neutral with neutral ?
alicent and neutral positive loved neutral the neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral negator neutral them .
that positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive . how neutral neutral hpositive her positive ? neutral seemed positive intensifier of neutral neutral , neutral velaryons neutral neutral neutral enemies with laeonr 's neutral negative .
neutral positive aemond , daeron neutral lives multistop lannisters , hightowers , baratheons neutral supports neutral 's positive multistop
aegon , daeron and aemond positive neutral positive with neutral armies neutral to neutral 's neutral neutral the strongest neutral neutral the neutral kingdoms . and she neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral otto neutral . neutral 's negator positive the neutral neutral maelor 's neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral of ? neutral neutral pre-established rules of neutral , neutral positive negator hpositive diminisher positive neutral for neutral , the hnegative positive that neutral rulers neutral 'chosen' the neutral that positive positive neutral neutral with pre-existing precedents , positive aenys neutral aegon neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral that neutral neutral hnegative neutral whether maegor neutral rhaena neutral neutral aenys neutral the neutral neutral that neutral aegon neutral neutral , neutral arguements neutral and neutral neutral negative recognised neutral the negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral could've named rhaena neutral neutral , neutral how hpositive positive neutral that neutral would've supported her positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral to positive 'by neutral rights' viserys 's neutral should neutral neutral neutral ; they neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , intensifier neutral views neutral justified neutral their neutral interpretations .
neutral if alicent positive rhaenyra would negator multistop the neutral positive neutral neutral . and neutral positive hnegative to positive , neutral would . when you neutral neutral neutral , when you neutral neutral neutral , your children having neutral neutral of neutral neutral their backs positive negative hnegative negative , negator negative how neutral .
we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral aegon hpositive neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral where neutral neutral . neutral for hnegative 's " neutral positive " .
neutral positive negator positive abou rhaenyra 's neutral neutral that negative multistop neutral she neutral negator neutral neutral thi multistop neutral neutral noticed neutral the neutral neutral someth positive neutral neutral hnegative and rhaenyra multistop neutral makes neutral positive with their hpositive approaches how to neutral wars multistop rhaenyra positive intensifier positive and neutral neutral hnegative neutral straightli toward negative multistop neutral neutral neutral hnegative 's neutral neutral neutral negator neutral rhaenyra neutral intensifier neutral and negative becaus of neutral 's neutral multistop neutral we should neutral and neutral
neutral positive negator neutral they killed him neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . they neutral negator neutral to positive neutral the velaryons neutral neutral them neutral the neutral becaus they could neutral neutral positive positive whenev they wants . negative neutral neutral negator neutral himself killed neutral .
neutral neutral to the neutral and most-feared neutral neutral neutral westeros .
>in neutral neutral could've named rhaena neutral neutral , neutral how hpositive positive neutral that neutral would've supported her positive neutral neutral neutral ? intensifier hpositive . neutral positive positive neutral she should the neutral . neutral supported her and her neutral claims neutral maegor died . aenys neutral neutral negator the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . >people neutral neutral to positive 'by neutral rights' viserys 's neutral should neutral neutral neutral ; they neutral neutral . negator they neutral negator . neutral of the rights neutral neutral has neutral to neutral negative neutral . you negator positive aegon positive neutral neutral " neutral rights " when you neutral ignoring neutral of the rights . >it 's hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , negator neutral positive negator . jaehaerys neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral when neutral neutral baelor the neutral neutral rhaenys . the neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral that neutral picking viserys neutral laenor .
hnegative would negator neutral negative things negator rhaenyra 's positive multistop neutral respects her neutral queen…if hnegative neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive described neutral maesters neutral would neutral killed aemond neutral neutral diminisher positive to neutral that greatest neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral negator positive hnegative resentments toward neutral hnegative , they positive neutral and would negator neutral to neutral neutral hnegative for daubts and feelings neutral , neutral neutral neutral 's neutral that destroyed everyth and neutral neutral negative hnegative too.i neutral hnegative showrunners positive that aemond / vhagar neutral from neutral , that negator neutral positive of controlling dragons caused that negative what positive neutral of the dragons multistop
neutral if neutral neutral soley hnegative , rhaenyra neutral neutral negator against neutral . hpositive neutral positive putting your halfsister neutral neutral negative neutral where she neutral commits neutral positive diminisher neutral .
neutral the neutral , rhaenyra positive mentions that neutral positive neutral her and hnegative neutral neutral , and that they positive neutral hnegative becaus of neutral . to your neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral positive consequences . the neutral neutral hnegative and rhaenyra would neutral negative , and viserys and aegon would neutral neutral neutral bastards . the velaryons , although diminisher placated , neutral gonna neutral neutral diminisher neutral they neutral negator neutral their neutral neutral . neutral hpositive they neutral supported rhaenyra and neutral negative , neutral neutral we neutral neutral , corlys neutral intensifier neutral to deciding to neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral rhaenys arguing negative that neutral him . neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative neutral of laenor neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive .
positive , “ hnegative ” . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive , and although neutral neutral neutral to diminisher lords , the nobles neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral would positive positive neutral her positive neutral neutral neutral , negator ?
" neutral " neutral neutral hpositive disinheritted
neutral hnegative neutral listens to rhaenyra . neutral neutral negator neutral her neutral , neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive plans to hpositive aegon 's children
>in the neutral , rhaenyra positive mentions that neutral positive neutral her and hnegative neutral neutral , and that they positive neutral hnegative becaus of neutral . neutral hpositive what she neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral that they killed laenor . corlys and rhaenys neutral hnegative neutral to positive they negator neutral hnegative and rhaenyra of neutral their neutral negator neutral . >to your neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral positive consequences . the neutral neutral hnegative and rhaenyra would neutral negative , and viserys and aegon would neutral neutral neutral bastards . they would negator neutral to neutral everyon neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral parents . >the velaryons , although diminisher placated , neutral gonna neutral neutral diminisher neutral they neutral negator neutral their neutral neutral . neutral neutral has neutral dragons and neutral neutral positive spends neutral of neutral neutral from neutral . they could neutral him whenev they wanted . laenor hpositive could negator neutral neutral . neutral hpositive they neutral supported rhaenyra and neutral negative , neutral neutral we neutral neutral , corlys neutral intensifier neutral to deciding to neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral rhaenys arguing negative that neutral him . >i neutral negator neutral the hnegative neutral of laenor neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive . neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the writers positive rhaenyra negative neutral neutral positive she killed her neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral , neutral neutral positive loves her neutral neutral and showrunners neutral positive
yep , that positive what neutral neutral hpositive neutral , they neutral you from neutral negative neutral and positive negative hnegative you when they neutral frustrated that you neutral you neutral neutral positive and and ideas . if hnegative 'loves' rhaenyra , neutral positive positive and hnegative and should negator neutral defended , negator of that positive to neutral neutral that neutral positive her neutral .
* the neutral that rhaenyra neutral negator neutral to neutral of her siblings , neutral neutral ( intensifier aegon , neutral positive neutral of them ) bothers neutral intensifier , intensifier intensifier neutral * *literally negator neutral mentioning daeron* ( neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral the intro neutral neutral , positive , - neutral intensifier of viewers neutral the neutral negator negative what the intro neutral *was neutral neutral them * everyth , intensifier everyth , positive thi negative passed positive targaryen neutral * neutral the positive of neutral caused the hpositive neutral harrenhall * mysaria negator neutral neutral * neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative , having him negative neutral neutral multistop negative hpositive neutral
for neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral alicent and rhaenyra neutral viserys' neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive that decades of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral minutes neutral for alicent to intensifier negative rhaenyra moments neutral positive with her . to hpositive alicent neutral neutral positive neutral they positive to hpositive neutral intensifier she " hnegative " viserys' neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral promised . neutral , neutral neutral neutral aegon neutral positive . that neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive " neutral defying negative vs . positive "
neutral with neutral of thi , neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral the fallout of laenor 's " negative " . neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi positive neutral , and we neutral neutral diminisher of the repercussions of neutral via the driftmark neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral how rhaenyra seems diminisher surprised that neutral neutral that she positive laenor " killed " when she intensifier anticipated neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral when she neutral planning neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive intensifier neutral how vaemond negator mentions laenor 's negative neutral neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral positive becaus everyon thinks that laenor has positive murdered . and to vaemond , neutral looks positive the neutral hpositive for laenor 's negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral laenor 's neutral . you would neutral neutral would neutral someth neutral that sinc neutral positive letting everyth hnegative of neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral the neutral . ep and positive the positive issues for neutral . the decisions they neutral for diminisher characters neutral intensifier negative . alicent has positive neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral to hnegative for her kids' lives and positive positive neutral neutral ep to neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral she feelings conflicted , neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the cards for the neutral years and neutral neutral contrived hnegative to neutral neutral ? neutral neutral ! that neutral negator hpositive her neutral , neutral hpositive makes her neutral negative . hnegative for her neutral would neutral intensifier neutral than that . neutral neutral the neutral that their neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral positive to neutral them neutral negative oopsie . alicent neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral , she hpositive hnegative ! aemond neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral , neutral hpositive wanted to neutral him and neutral neutral hnegative ! criston neutral negator negative to neutral beesbury , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive ! positive neutral positive intensifier hpositive that they neutral neutral to hpositive the characters intensifier likeable that neutral backfired from neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral intensifier likeable neutral neutral neutral these . neutral neutral them neutral hnegative and hnegative fools . positive we neutral alicent 's positive terms that the neutral tries to neutral hnegative neutral hpositive and hpositive and positive . neutral that neutral to neutral negative negative neutral ? neutral would negator neutral my toddlers neutral to aemond and aegon for minutes , what makes you neutral neutral positive neutral them neutral their glorified hostages ? negative negator . neutral , alicent neutral neutral neutral ep that rhaenyra and hnegative positive negator neutral the neutral . neutral positive she negative positive terms of she believes that ? neutral she diminisher positive neutral neutral ? neutral with that we neutral the neutral neutral neutral ep neutral , neutral neutral they neutral neutral the negative positive from the neutral ? neutral positive negator positive they neutral neutral hpositive neutral . rhaenyra neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with that " fukcing neutral " neutral . positive she neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral of neutral . she hpositive neutral her neutral , her neutral , her neutral and her neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative becaus of alicent neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral alicent 's hnegative neutral of neutral positive that positive positive hnegative for years neutral ? positive ? rhaenyra should neutral positive neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative of positive neutral them should neutral neutral . negative neutral things neutral happened for neutral neutral feelings to neutral neutral positive and neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral . the feet neutral . what the negative neutral that ? those neutral my neutral complaints . neutral neutral liked the neutral neutral the neutral neutral episodes intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they positive negator neutral negative neutral of how positive neutral to neutral positive .
neutral corlys 's positive positive , neutral my hnegative , intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to handover neutral neutral 's lands and titles to the hnegative neutral of neutral daughter-in-law and her neutral . having corlys positive " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral remembers names " neutral negator neutral neutral . that positive hpositive hpositive neutral masquerading neutral positive . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral negative that corlys thinks rhaenyra positive complicit neutral neutral neutral laenor 's neutral . and to hpositive neutral neutral hnegative , moments neutral corlys says rhaenyra positive complicit neutral neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral positive pledging her the neutral hpositive of driftmark . to neutral neutral , diminisher of thi stems from the neutral ( which neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative ) , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive . the timeline of events neutral the neutral neutral corlys 's positive intensifier positive . neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral oriented neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral oriented neutral that results neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral timeline intensifier positive them neutral neutral neutral neutral and developing positive neutral neutral . the negative neutral timeskips positive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral that they neutral wanted to neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , if that positive the neutral they should neutral hpositive started hpositive and / neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral flashback neutral timeline neutral of storytel , neutral positive they could neutral hpositive moved the neutral we neutral neutral neutral to intensifier positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral of and neutral the negative segments neutral to neutral
the neutral alicent hnegative viserys and hnegative the neutral becaus of the hnegative . neutral would neutral neutral alicent neutral neutral intensifier positive characters if she positive rhaenyra neutral gonna neutral her children and she usurped the neutral to hnegative her children . we neutral positive neutral otto neutral her that rhaenyra would negative her children , intensifier neutral makes positive . with the neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral hpositive seems that the writers neutral negator hpositive how to hpositive alicent negative to hnegative the neutral .
positive neutral neutral negator positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral points of positive positive that neutral neutral neutral negative / positive entitled to the neutral neutral the hnegative fits for neutral . neutral of the neutral points of the neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative things and hnegative positive neutral shit neutral of neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral which nuke-riding neutral gets to neutral the neutral . the neutral ~portent~ appearing to rhaenyra implying she has neutral neutral to positive makes neutral positive that they neutral gonna neutral to hpositive her daenerys
the neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral of neutral and negative with intensifier negator consequences . neutral neutral surprised hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of her neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral to negative when neutral neutral neutral vaemond . neutral suffered negator consequences for neutral . neutral maims aemond neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral sees and neutral suffers negator consequences . alicent steals viserys' neutral and attacks rhaenyra , and she suffers negator consequences . larys burns neutral neutral and neutral positive and alicent knows neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral suffers negator consequences . criston beats joffrey to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and *he suffers negator consequences . * the criston neutral positive the neutral that intensifier gets neutral . neutral of the others neutral neutral hand-waved neutral viserys letting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive , harwin positive expelled from the neutral neutral for attacking criston . neutral neutral criston provoked him neutral neutral rhaenyra 's neutral positive neutral . ( that neutral that hpositive justified aemond hnegative negative neutral ? ) neutral criston , neutral *kingsguard , * murders negative positive neutral and strikes the prince-consort to neutral , and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral , neutral positive gets to neutral alicent 's neutral negative ? neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral valyrian neutral neutral neutral .
my neutral positive positive the negator of neutral neutral of diminisher of the intensifier " neutral characters " . rhaenyra and alicent neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral hnegative with thi sinc neutral allows you to neutral neutral they neutral the neutral they neutral . neutral makes them neutral . neutral if neutral neutral negator positive alicent neutral , neutral neutral neutral what her positive neutral positive . neutral hpositive neutral neutral her and rhaenyra to neutral neutral alicent neutral negative neutral neutral positive with rhaenyra 's neutral neutral her views neutral neutral neutral . and neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra bucks against alicent and the systems she perpetuates intensifier hnegative . you " neutral " them . hnegative , with neutral intensifier of hnegative characters ( positive laena , rhaenys , the twins , rhaenyra 's neutral , criston , etc ) you neutral negator neutral thi neutral negative of neutral . negative they neutral neutral characters and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to the neutral ( and diminisher of them neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral ) neutral positive neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral stretches of neutral dedicated to hpositive them and their stories . the neutral neutral rhaenyra and alicent takes the positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of moments where neutral could neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral for these characters neutral neutral negator happened . the scenes positive neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral edited for tv / neutral , neutral they hpositive negator neutral the oppertunity to neutral those things . laena diminisher serves neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral of sucks sinc she neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral the books . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of her neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negative to alicent neutral . alicent could neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral with her neutral . we neutral neutral her positive negative with them neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of their neutral neutral of those hpositive . we hpositive what she positive neutral to neutral for them and we hpositive she has neutral neutral neutral with them negative how they neutral for her neutral anybodi neutral , neutral we negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier of that . we neutral her neutral neutral aegon neutral diminisher hpositive , hnegative aemond , negative to intensifier neutral with helaena becaus helaena positive hpositive neutral of neutral neutral , and positive they neutral adults . neutral would neutral neutral liked to neutral intensifier of rhaenyra 's neutral with her children , their neutral with laenor ( becaus cmon , neutral neutral their " neutral " for the neutral decadeish of their lives ) , and how neutral sets of neutral interacted with neutral hnegative neutral they intensifier began to negative neutral hnegative . the twins neutral intensifier underused , harwin neutral underused , rhaenys positive underused , neutral neutral intensifier neutral places where they could neutral neutral intensifier info neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral the " daeron neutral " which intensifier grinds my gears . negator neutral neutral positive neutral mentioned , neutral , neutral hinted to that alicent has neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral aegon , aemond , and helaena . those neutral the neutral children alicent has . if they neutral daeron neutral alicent 's neutral neutral neutral thi positive creates the negative of where neutral neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral we negator heard anyth neutral him neutral alicent neutral neutral neutral . daeron positive neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral . thi means neutral neutral aegon and aemond would neutral noticed alicent neutral neutral neutral . we positive hpositive they neutral intensifier neutral with her , neutral neutral negator neutral she would hpositive hnegative from them for months to neutral the neutral neutral negative . and neutral positive , if that positive the neutral would negator otto and neutral larys hpositive neutral him negative how intuned they neutral with the happenings of the neutral and alicent positive ? and if daeron positive negator alicent 's neutral ( neutral positive neutral hnegative of negative targaryen positive viserys , hnegative , neutral neutral aegon ) neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral ? neutral would negator neutral the neutral of intensifier welcomed into the positive negative neutral 's neutral neutral positive securing hightower neutral neutral the neutral and negator allowing bastards neutral the neutral . and if neutral positive negator neutral negative and hpositive neutral oldtown , neutral the fuck has negator mentioned him neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral anyth that has neutral neutral intensifier neutral ? and if neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral negative how neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral what neutral would neutral him neutral hpositive the neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral ? laena and alicent 's roleswap neutral bothered neutral neutral diminisher neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the intensifier plothole that positive daeron .
neutral neutral the positive neutral alicent + her children could've positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral . the positive scenes positive neutral diminisher neutral for neutral , neutral if neutral showed how she neutral neutral larys to neutral her neutral neutral the scenes .
hnegative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive they positive neutral diminisher hnegative choices . hnegative 's neutral to laena neutral hnegative neutral . criston ruining the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral intensifier hand-waived . rhaenyra negator positive to her half-siblings neutral neutral . rhaenyra 's negative with harwin neutral diminisher hnegative neutral negator daeron neutral neutral problems to to could neutral positive solved neutral having to intensifier episodes . neutral loved the neutral and neutral neutral positive surprised neutral how neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral into neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral that diminisher of the neutral intensifier problems neutral neutral with neutral could neutral positive solved neutral hpositive having negative to episodes to neutral neutral the neutral .
alicent 's hnegative viserys 's neutral words hnegative neutral the hnegative becaus neutral positive neutral trifecta of negative * neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral appears to neutral neutral the negative hnegative of neutral neutral that neutral of thrones viewers hpositive positive intensifier hnegative neutral * neutral neutral 's alicent hnegative the neutral . neutral others neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier positive if she believes her children neutral neutral hnegative * viserys 's neutral words neutral intensifier hnegative sinc neutral neutral negator neutral otto and the neutral neutral 's plans ( positive points for those plans neutral alicent neutral intensifier neutral of neutral )
aegon hpositive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral . the neutral hnegative positive positive neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral the neutral and positive we neutral diminisher neutral of aegon . neutral wanted to neutral him neutral with negator neutral named neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral to neutral and positive deciding neutral neutral negator negative neutral and neutral neutral hnegative and we neutral negator of neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive she positive neutral . how neutral we neutral to positive neutral thi ? and positive neutral gets challenged neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive accuses him of negative and we negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative . rhaenya destroying the dragonpit ruining the neutral . if neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral and neutral and the hnegative gets neutral neutral ? rhaenyra tells laenor neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral says neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive pissing hnegative neutral neutral neutral . intensifier ? neutral positive intensifier neutral these neutral the positive ones . neutral intensifier has neutral intensifier of flaws and neutral to positive .
neutral of the issues neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral of neutral neutral negator hpositive positive neutral contradicts neutral characters and positive . alicent and aemond positive neutral the hardest
the negator of scenes neutral larys and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
laenor 's hnegative neutral . the hotd writers neutral negator negative their favorites ( rhaenyra and hnegative ) to neutral negative hnegative intensifier they neutral the negative 's neutral neutral . they should neutral neutral neutral of them neutral the negative and neutral neutral neutral to neutral how neutral and negative neutral they neutral neutral - we should negator neutral rooting for neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral matters sinc neutral velaryon neutral positive neutered into neutral cheerleaders for anyth rhaenyra neutral
neutral of my grievances with the neutral diminisher stems from the neutral that neutral needed positive neutral episodes . neutral diminisher intensifier episodes would hnegative intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral positive . rhaenys neutral the dragonpit and negator of neutral neutral daeron neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral negator intensifier negative for that
>it would've positive intensifier neutral hpositive if she positive killed the neutral neutral how could she neutral killed the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral of the diminisher neutral likes the maester neutral intensifier merging daeron neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with that would neutral positive neutral for neutral negative
>everything , intensifier everyth , positive thi negative passed positive targaryen neutral that neutral hpositive intensifier hnegative neutral intensifier neutral hpositive levels , neutral neutral neutral and from the neutral of the viewers who'd positive positive neutral of thrones .
the neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive if alicent and rhaenyra positive pretending neutral for the hnegative neutral 's neutral . hnegative hpositive lopped hnegative the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral the neutral neutral , for neutral neutral positive ! neutral neutral negator hpositive alicent hnegative for her and her kids' neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral vaemond neutral the neutral becaus rhaenyra 's neutral neutral multistop bastards multiexclamation
thi . neutral enjoyed the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral episodes positive positive the weakest neutral terms of neutral , and neutral positive the changing of rhaenyra and alicent 's characters neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that . neutral of their negative book-dialogue they looked positive positive and hpositive fools
intensifier hpositive . ep & neutral the weakest for neutral which positive hnegative coz they neutral the neutral hpositive episodes neutral neutral . the neutral neutral , alicent negator negative neutral plans to hpositive aegon neutral , hnegative negator positive aegon , rhaenys multistop the neutral from the neutral neutral ep ( neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral rom-com ) , aemond neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral hnegative hnegative neutral
neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral her neutral from neutral , if they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral terms of neutral and negator neutral neutral positive dany 's hnegative . neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her flaws / the neutral neutral her hnegative the neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral issues positive neutral hnegative . ( positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral including that neutral neutral )
>even neutral criston provoked him neutral neutral rhaenyra 's neutral positive neutral . ( that neutral that hpositive justified aemond hnegative negative neutral ? ) criston neutral negator positive rhaenyra 's neutral positive harwin 's . >**criston** : *your neutral neutral the positive 's positive positive diminisher hnegative , commander* >*most neutral would neutral neutral that neutral of positive toward neutral neutral ( positive ) * >*or neutral neutral ( positive ) * >*or neutral son* and positive negative negative harwin neutral the neutral . >but criston , neutral kingsguard , murders negative positive neutral and strikes the prince-consort to neutral , and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral , neutral positive gets to neutral alicent 's neutral negative ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral reasons neutral criston would negator neutral punished , neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral that neutral criston should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ngl neutral positive neutral neutral positive how of hotd positive hpositive than of positive and positive the to neutral negator neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral wayyyy intensifier characters and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral lines neutral the neutral neutral . hotd positive to neutral neutral , the neutral . positive positive neutral the neutral walkers , the neutral , daenerys , kings neutral , the neutral , brans neutral , and neutral neutral neutral with legit developed characters . hotd positive diminisher to positive neutral and diminisher characters to neutral and fumbled neutral
neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral the feet neutral , neutral neutral positive her hpositive committing to the neutral and negator feet shit would've improved the neutral neutral neutral
neutral that would neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral where neutral positive helaena positive congratulating her neutral neutral positive with rhaenyra and alicent makes neutral positive she neutral faking to hpositive rhaenyra into neutral hnegative positive of hpositive .
neutral with the changes they neutral to rhaenyra and alicent , their positive neutral the neutral neutral episodes neutral negator positive . neutral neutral contradicting neutral for the neutral neutral . alicent neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral ep to neutral negative positive neutral and positive her neutral for the neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ep positive , negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral 's neutral neutral for neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive ( someth that alicent hpositive her neutral to neutral negative ) . neutral for rhaenyra , when she proposed to hnegative , her neutral neutral " neutral neutral you to neutral the greens " . they neutral her " she positive neutral my neutral " neutral neutral the neutral of the positive remained . she neutral hnegative killed her neutral neutral to positive hnegative and neutral hnegative to neutral her positive . those neutral her neutral words . neutral , when the neutral neutral that hnegative positive needed to neutral positive that , she backs hnegative ? and neutral what ? neutral hnegative positive that neutral lasted diminisher than the negative that followed neutral ? neutral neutral neutral . she should neutral negator hpositive for alicent hpositive from her positive neutral ep and and neutral neutral for alicent . them diminisher neutral neutral neutral ep and negative neutral and rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral alicent caused her to hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative .
neutral everyon neutral *why* harwin neutral neutral . ( neutral if viserys neutral negator . ) that neutral positive neutral criston provoked him . neutral attacking him , harwin neutral the rumors neutral him neutral that neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral hpositive . lyonel neutral says neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral for that to hpositive positive , that means everyon positive what criston neutral neutral and neutral . with that neutral positive , neutral hpositive positive positive , sinc neutral insulted harwin 's hpositive , ( negator to neutral the hpositive of the neutral neutral ! ) and " slandered " him , that neutral positive diminisher neutral for harwin to neutral punished for what neutral neutral , when hnegative characters neutral neutral hnegative negator neutral hpositive neutral . **criston hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , annointed neutral of the negative of treasons . ** if neutral neutral neutral kl , neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral surprised that harwin hpositive him , whether the neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator .
from rumors neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral negator positive the neutral they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral her and larys . neutral positive neutral to neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral to intensifier positive the alicent from the neutral , would neutral her to positive the neutral neutral and neutral the fcking neutral that positive putting her neutral neutral the neutral . she neutral negator neutral larys anymore . her positive neutral the hnegative neutral would positive her neutral to neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
aemon neutral hpositive would neutral positive the positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral : " the hnegative has visited neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral neutral neutral , neutral maester . neutral neutral you multistop neutral cares diminisher whether my eyes neutral neutral neutral neutral . "
neutral hnegative neutral to neutral hnegative neutral from neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive neutral neutral foreshadowy neutral lol .
saera neutral neutral hpositive negative . she neutral hnegative to volantis to hpositive neutral of essos .
positive hpositive you neutral jaehaerys and alysanne 's hnegative children and baelon 's neutral that died . they negative could neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative with their neutral . neutral aegon - firstborn of jaehaerys and alysanne . neutral neutral positive to neutral alysanne neutral assaulted neutral maidenpool . died neutral neutral . neutral daenerys - secondborn of jaehaerys and alysanne . died of the shivers neutral neutral neutral gaemon - eleventhborn of jaehaerys and alysanne . died neutral neutral moons . neutral valerion - twelfthborn of jaehaerys and alysanne . died neutral neutral neutral neutral nameday . neutral aegon - thirdborn of baelon and alyssa . died neutral neutral neutral neutral nameday . neutral aemma positive to neutral neutral brothers and to neutral neutral sisters . her neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral aka her nephews died neutral the neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral killed neutral neutral clansmen . her hnegative neutral neutral neutral died neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative what became of her neutral neutral sisters .
neutral intensifier multiexclamation thi explains neutral hnegative wanted to neutral rhaenyra intensifier intensifier . neutral positive loves rhaenyra neutral intensifier , neutral intensifier than that neutral loves neutral targaryen . hnegative neutral says that neutral wants to neutral the neutral of the neutral to neutral hpositive positive neutral rhaenyra . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral her and neutral neutral neutral dragon-riding children neutral neutral . if vizzy neutral could've looked neutral neutral hpositive and allowed hnegative and rhaenyra to neutral neutral neutral , they would've positive neutral children to positive neutral the neutral positive of neutral targaryen . viserys intensifier messed neutral neutral neutral intensifier of things neutral neutral my hnegative thi neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral .
neutral aemon
hpositive neutral op !
viserra neutral neutral neutral alyssane . neutral positive negator positive that neutral hnegative .
neutral . neutral hpositive how the neutral would neutral to neutral aemon neutral rhaenys neutral . houses baratheon , arryn , hpositive , & velaryon would neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral the hightower positive intensifier it'd neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral “ the greens ” dure that neutral .
she neutral intensifier negative and positive her neutral to the neutral of neutral hpositive " negator positive , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of essos . " the neutral hnegative neutral positive that neutral jaehaerys hpositive destroyed neutral neutral neutral saera and her neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral of the targaryran neutral hnegative becaus neutral could negator neutral neutral of neutral sexism decades neutral the neutral happened .
positive for that ! hnegative for neutral them neutral . neutral wanted to neutral those neutral the neutral that neutral neutral reached positive years . those additions hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral positive intensifier hnegative that jaehaerys and alysanne positive diminisher children and outlived them neutral and neutral qurter neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral to years neutral . they intensifier neutral the positive with what they positive . neutral negator hnegative neutral jahaerys neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? intensifier hnegative . neutral for the arryn 's . their negator of neutral neutral negative neutral deaths plunged them into positive neutral neutral neutral .
you positive neutral neutral neutral 'your grace' , neutral neutral positive neutral my kingsguard neutral neutral your neutral !
neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral positive lol . neutral positive the neutral @jota_saraiva neutral neutral . they hpositive diminisher of the positive asoiaf neutral .
neutral depends . if neutral keeps neutral negative influences neutral neutral , rhaenys would neutral positive to neutral neutral hnegative . the neutral occurred becaus viserys allowed the hightowers to neutral hnegative amounts of positive neutral neutral neutral .
> jaehaerys hpositive destroyed neutral neutral neutral saera and her neutral saera neutral neutral intensifier of that herself . she neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the negative .
neutral positive to neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of the neutral . archmaester vaegon and saera neutral neutral estranged neutral positive . alysanne hpositive died earlier than she neutral would neutral becaus she could negator neutral username the hnegative anymore and positive jaehaerys 's hpositive neutral positive neutral that becaus neutral could negator neutral neutral negator alysanne . neutral targaryen neutral from blossoming to hnegative intensifier neutral . which positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral for them neutral neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral happened ( jaehaerys and alysanne 's neutral siblings , negative neutral , and nieces positive hnegative ends ) and neutral happens neutral hnegative hpositive neutral thi . positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral of how neutral hpositive neutral the neutral years of targaryen positive that the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive inherited . hpositive neutral of generations of targaryens . aegon neutral neutral ) , aenys neutral neutral ) , daeron neutral neutral ) , daeron neutral ) , and aerys ii neutral ) neutral neutral neutral of the targaryens neutral positive sinc aegon the neutral 's neutral ( including that neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral to neutral reached neutral with negative neutral hnegative neutral ( neutral neutral neutral didn't ) neutral neutral positive negative positive when they died . intensifier neutral targaryen positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral and
neutral neutral negator you neutral hnegative and rhaenya to neutral vizzy neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher to neutral with negative positive ( neutral neutral , rhaenys positive neutral baratheon and neutral to neutral velaryon , intensifier neutral houses would positive hpositive positive neutral neutral ) , and intensifier neutral solidifying her hpositive to positive and positive herself and preparing herself . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator destabilise the neutral neutral otto positive believed neutral would .
neutral neutral negator neutral the hightower positive neutral neutral neutral non-targaryen neutral non-valyrian neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . the targs positive positive conducting kinslaying positive wars from the neutral negative positive aegon neutral 's negator the hpositive of hnegative houses and neutral to neutral neutral neutral when the claimants positive intensifier of their neutral neutral ( hnegative blackfyre vs daeron ii ) .
she neutral neutral teenager , that positive how neutral neutral . you neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral your neutral neutral of your neutral for decades and neutral negator neutral your neutral negative to her neutral of hnegative . and thi positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of events to neutral . alysyane wanted to neutral neutral neutral with her neutral and jaehaerys actions hpositive hnegative their neutral . thi positive the neutral neutral neutral hpositive committed neutral neutral neutral alysyane risking her neutral becaus neutral wanted intensifier children becaus neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral of them killed neutral pissed hnegative .
hnegative positive my neutral . my neutral . and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral !
neutral to what neutral neutral , women neutral ruled neutral westeros neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral hpositive houses , intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the shows hpositive neutral neutral to neutral . what neutral hnegative neutral allowing the influences of neutral houses positive the hightowers to hnegative . negator negative what happened , the hightowers positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral aegon neutral the neutral .
positive , neutral positive neutral has hpositive circumstances of neutral . hnegative , hightower positive positive what neutral neutral to the neutral of the dragons . aegon ii 's neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hightower .
that positive negator how neutral princesses neutral neutral .
neutral vizzy neutral , letting him neutral rhaenyra would neutral the positive neutral to neutral him neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier ironic that viserys and the neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral of neutral the " neutral pillars of neutral valyria " with neutral targaryen / velayron neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop neutral if they positive negator positive positive their hpositive with rhaenys and corlys !
positive for your neutral multiexclamation neutral positive neutral annoyed neutral neutral diminisher that they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive ; neutral neutral positive neutral queens neutral neutral and neutral positive negator bc those societies ( e.g. romanov neutral ) positive intensifier neutral intensifier neutral than westeros . westeros arguably has neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative that they positive conquered neutral neutral women and that the women neutral negative neutral dragons ( and intensifier sexists neutral neutral them neutral exceptions that neutral negator negative their neutral worldview ) . the neutral positive positive whether they neutral the neutral of neutral neutral factions . if diminisher houses neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral to hpositive someth of neutral , they positive of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative ( hpositive neutral they would with neutral , negator of positive , etc ) . that positive what happened with the neutral and neutral positive neutral negator means negative .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral of hightower positive and intensifier neutral neutral of viserys neutral the foundations of neutral neutral negative with negative negative neutral which neutral neutral claimants , which positive what the neutral positive for neutral these positive wars positive . positive baelon neutral neutral viserys named aegon ii neutral , the hightower positive would negator neutral mattered neutral contributed toward neutral positive neutral that positive negator neutral to neutral . > aegon ii 's neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hightower . neutral you neutral positive the lannisters and baratheons . the tullys neutral neutral if neutral grover positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative when your neutral kills your boyfriend ? diminisher neutral from neutral positive rhaenyra would neutral if she neutral negator neutral ? neutral rhaenys neutral neutral neutral negative escapades with corlys negator the neutral 's hpositive neutral . neutral rhaena neutral from her positive neutral maegor neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . negative the positive neutral that jaehaerys usurped from neutral neutral balerion intensifier neutral diminisher positive how targ princesses neutral . negator positive to neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral fanatics ?
neutral that positive negator how *your* neutral princesses neutral . targ girls neutral neutral hpositive . intensifier .
*i'm neutral to neutral , dametargaryen . *
neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier becaus velayrons positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral aegon neutral conquered westeros . aegon 's mom neutral velayron and neutral neutral aenys neutral neutral to neutral velayron neutral neutral jaehaerys multistop
viserys neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive for hnegative .
westeros neutral hpositive ruled neutral rhaenys and visenya , with rhaenys neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral and positive duties . hpositive they neutral hnegative neutral that the neutral neutral neutral aegon neutral neutral neutral aegon neutral .
that positive neutral negative positive , for hnegative . the intensifier hnegative neutral when rhaenyra and hnegative neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral dragonstone for viserys neutral years . neutral intensifier positive and neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral the hightowers neutral neutral neutral of neutral 's neutral and the neutral neutral . positive neutral , negator neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative and rhaenyra neutral geniuses .
jahaerys positive positive and banished her .
neutral , of neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral targ *man* , negator neutral neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
> hnegative takes harrenhal and sends the neutral to rhaenyra . positive negative . neutral would negator neutral positive neutral to her neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations showrunners neutral negator hpositive to f&b to the neutral of neutral negative . neutral neutral makes intensifier positive for him to neutral b&c neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral dragonstone positive the neutral neutral from neutral 's neutral .
neutral positive they positive neutral neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral . they positive neutral aemond vs hnegative to neutral viewers for neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral episodes has neutral scenes . that would neutral neutral burnout
thi positive intensifier positive to what neutral positive neutral positive . neutral hnegative positive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral until the neutral , and neutral belueve neutral positive neutral with the neutral of neutral 's neutral . armond and hnegative neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and positive characters , neutral would negator neutral hnegative to neutral them.off neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative than that , neutral seems intensifier hpositive .
neutral negator the neutral of the neutral neutral rhaeneyra neutral kings neutral
neutral and neutral feelings positive negative end-of-season negative neutral . neutral negative the timeline of events , neutral positive neutral toward the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral of for negative " neutral shit " neutral .
neutral you neutral they positive neutral into aegon iii and neutral neutral ? negator hnegative they positive neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral seems positive to neutral
what neutral neutral of bitterbridge ?
neutral harrenhal positive neutral negative to neutral the riverland and positive neutral neutral neutral planning neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , that neutral negative
negator hnegative if the neutral of dragonstone positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive hpositive that neutral would neutral aemond and hnegative for neutral they would neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral gods neutral neutral ep neutral of the neutral neutral and rhaenyra 's neutral neutral neutral changing alicent 's neutral to neutral with / neutral rhaenyra 's ( she 's negative neutral neutral to rhaenyra when they positive neutral neutral rhaenyra positive hnegative ) . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of things neutral neutral neutral rearranged
they neutral to positive the neutral , they neutral to negative neutral the battles of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral passed sinc neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral gods neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive and among neutral the battles neutral positive neutral tumbleton and the neutral that would neutral the neutral of the episodes
if neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral would neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral they positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral of that neutral would neutral to seasons negator alicent and rhaenyra negative to neutral hnegative
positive neutral with the neutral of the episodes they neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral moved to neutral and neutral neutral that the neutral positive the neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral allows to neutral jace neutral diminisher neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral to we neutral to neutral helaena 's children and neutral them
the neutral neutral negator neutral with the neutral of rhaenyra neutral with the neutral of aegon rhaenyra positive negator neutral until the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how to hpositive her neutral neutral than what neutral imagined neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for the intensifier neutral neutral to hpositive negative neutral
neutral positive to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral ( neutral my neutral ) neutral tumbleton
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral of rhaenyra and gods neutral she negator neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral intensifier if they neutral hpositive episodes per neutral
okay , hnegative neutral . neutral neutral rhaenyra loses neutral of kl neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral and her neutral neutral the negative armies positive neutral , aegon executes the neutral 's neutral neutral kl , and aegon the negative positive placed neutral the neutral . intensifier neutral positive negative hpositive one-season neutral .
they neutral neutral them neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral and neutral
positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral negator neutral diminisher battles , positive neutral battles positive neutral 's neutral and neutral 's neutral positive neutral diminisher minutes and diminisher neutral battles neutral neutral neutral neutral minutes , hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral negator neutral neutral battles .
with episodes neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive diminisher to neutral rhaenyra until mid-season sinc she positive the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral gods neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the dragonpit
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
goddamn , how has that subreddit neutral neutral intensifier mysogynistic and negative ? diminisher of the comments neutral that neutral multistop
examples ?
" that hnegative neutral of positive neutral from rhaenerya neutral what killed him . " " rhaenyra neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral neutral choked neutral her " upvoted and neutral to neutral the positive neutral of comments when neutral neutral to rhaenyra 's neutral neutral that neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
those insults neutral negator gendered . neutral hnegative neutral , neutral that positive neutral . hpositive becaus the comments neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral negative . neutral characters positive tywin , cersei , jano slynt positive intensifier neutral neutral .

her neutral neutral gendered . “ sunfyre , neutral positive neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , until broome neutral the neutral 's neutral with neutral neutral " and you would neutral neutral subreddit dedicated to the books would positive that and negator hnegative neutral to hpositive haha jokes neutral what neutral neutral neutral she neutral when sunfyre killed her .
positive the comments neutral neutral weren't ? intensifier neutral neutral ?
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
the neutral marriages and neutral of targaryens ( intensifier sinc their positive positive to neutral neutral neutral negative ) neutral neutral neutral diminisher topsy-turvy to neutral neutral neutral of , neutral neutral positive , neutral would neutral hotd neutral neutral hpositive to neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive , hnegative the neutral of my neutral , we neutral neutral named starks and hpositive retainers neutral *just winterfell alone* , and neutral of those neutral characters neutral hnegative and positive whole-ass , intensifier hpositive neutral threads from neutral negative . hotd positive intensifier neutral neutral asking you to neutral neutral of neutral that neutral neutral , *in neutral , * neutral neutral , and they neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral storyline . ( neutral neutral )
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral , negative of hpositive families , and negative of hpositive storylines . if that positive what you neutral referring to , positive positive , neutral of the neutral should neutral hpositive to neutral , neutral would hnegative . neutral of the neutral focuses diminisher intensifier neutral neutral targaryen and neutral neutral neutral neutral to them neutral marriages , and diminisher than neutral the hpositive plotlines of positive , we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of characters , neutral of whom neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral timejumps and diminisher mid-season recasts neutral takes neutral neutral neutral neutral of years , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative to positive and neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral their neutral scenes . that neutral , if you neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral rewatches to neutral positive for neutral with positive .
negator . neutral skips and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher hpositive and neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral diminisher of them neutral .
neutral of the hnegative positive neutral intensifier neutral negative , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral hnegative to neutral .
if you neutral neutral positive , you should neutral negative neutral hotd , hnegative , if you positive neutral neutral positive , if you neutral neutral neutral rewatching neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive videos for neutral neutral to neutral neutral you neutral the neutral neutral .
‍
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral hpositive how vhagar positive negative positive to neutral neutral neutral aemond 's shoulders lol
intensifier , these neutral intensifier negative . and helaena positive positive intensifier hpositive neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative online ? thi neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral !
neutral vhagar positive hpositive
hpositive ! neutral hpositive these .
vhagar neutral neutral neutral ! these neutral neutral
haelena and dreamfyre positive .
looove these . everyon positive hpositive neutral negator the captions .
hpositive neutral neutral , hpositive your neutral neutral !
these neutral intensifier , intensifier hpositive ! neutral hpositive how neutral neutral intensifier intensifier captures the personalities neutral neutral neutral the likenesses .
intensifier neutral neutral anabel :
neutral zoomed neutral neutral seasmoke , neutral that neutral positive vibing .
positive omg
neutral has neutral positive , and neutral positive neutral rhaenys and meleys for neutral .
these neutral negative hpositive
neutral the neutral , what happens to seasmoke neutral laenor neutral ? neutral the books laenor positive killed and seasmoke makes neutral negative neutral dragonstone for diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral velaryon hnegative ( neutral corlys 's neutral sinc laenor neutral , neutral , positive af ) rides seasmoke . neutral the neutral neutral positive hnegative to hnegative the neutral / neutral neutral neutral positive neutral laenor neutral . seasmoke would neutral followed him .
these neutral neutral !
thi positive intensifier hpositive
neutral loved neutral !
hpositive
neutral positive neutral multistop negative neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral negative multistop and neutral neutral positive neutral
positive !
hpositive , hpositive , hpositive !
and neutral negator daeron !
thi positive neutral ! neutral negative neutral laena neutral neutral ! and neutral daenerys neutral haha !
syrax looks negative
thi positive friggin hpositive . the neutral , the neutral , the neutral neutral . neutral **chefs kiss**
omg thi neutral intensifier neutral , neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral
deamon ans caraxes neutral intensifier intensifier neutral
they neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral pics , neutral neutral the neutral markings neutral everyon 's eyes neutral
thi positive how neutral neutral neutral the dragonets / neutral lizards neutral dragons of pern . neutral hpositive neutral , op !
thi looks soooo hpositive multiexclamation negative neutral multiexclamation
arrax looks negative
neutral vhagar positive neutral
caraxes positive intensifier badass negative
neutral hpositive her neutral !

neutral ? ! neutral hpositive how neutral and neutral targaryen positive intensifier positive positive intensifier hpositive / positive .
neutral shit . negative !
diminisher positive that laenor positive neutral neutral “ neutral ” and neutral seasmoke .





neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon has neutral they positive gonna neutral neutral
neutral the neutral runners and hbo neutral neutral neutral hinting these positive neutral neutral , neutral positive thi hpositive manufactured neutral for reddit points ?
- neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral they neutral gonna hpositive neutral neutral of those battles . they neutral the neutral when they greenlit the neutral , and we positive diminisher intensifier battles neutral positive , diminisher of which neutral neutral dragons ! neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral of hbo and neutral intensifier , neutral neutral positive positive thi neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral events that neutral negator neutral neutral yet…
neutral neutral neutral , neutral redditors positive for diminisher neutral that , negator neutral neutral these events neutral hnegative of neutral neutral , neutral that the neutral to positive that positive negative neutral posts neutral neutral neutral neutral subreddit ?
>i neutral negator neutral how neutral neutral neutral to positive the 'idea' of the showrunners neutral neutral hbo negator adapting the neutral hpositive battles and fights neutral the neutral and diminisher neutral negative with neutral . neutral neutral thi positive neutral to neutral for you to neutral to neutral negative with neutral ?
intensifier they negative negative neutral of the neutral of dragons neutral negator the dragons neutral . neutral neutral neutral multistop
the neutral they neutral neutral neutral diminisher events neutral the timeline positive neutral of negative negative neutral fucks with the timeline / neutral of events diminisher neutral diminisher . neutral positive positive that , neutral neutral negator positive them intensifier with the timeline . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral they positive neutral to neutral neutral of those things . neutral they neutral neutral that they positive neutral to neutral diminisher neutral neutral , negator neutral them intensifier . neutral , neutral neutral the build-up to the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral you negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral and neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral members positive neutral the stepstones neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral things neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative the neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral , we neutral neutral to neutral negative uptick neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral those things neutral neutral . neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to positive positive with the manufactured neutral neutral events that positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral . those things neutral moved neutral negator neutral those things negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
negator , neutral we positive that they positive neutral neutral neutral from the neutral of to neutral neutral hpositive heard thi and positive " they're neutral battles ! "
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral alicent intensifier . neutral alicent to neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral catelyn and neutral diminisher hnegative margaery
cersei wanted neutral and neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral we hpositive ( neutral the neutral ) alicent negator wanted to positive herself .
neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative these comparisons neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral the books neutral positive neutral alicent where you neutral her , neutral neutral alicent positive positive intensifier neutral neutral of catelyn and sansa if anyth rhaenyra positive neutral of neutral cersi-esque neutral neutral the books neutral that she starts hnegative neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral and positive slides into neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the martell vibe . neutral rhaenyra positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral of neutral arya , neutral neutral dany . neutral diminisher cersi ? neutral neutral negative we positive neutral if that neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . rhaenyra neutral negator intensifier neutral her " neutral wiles " to neutral what what she wants . she positive diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral . she tries to neutral positive relationships neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral hnegative and positive punished for neutral . she neutral resembles cersei neutral hpositive neutral neutral her bastards , which to neutral positive she positive neutral neutral that she positive neutral her neutral . she positive neutral neutral of targaryen exceptionalism , neutral neutral thinks her positive neutral neutral neutral her to neutral the confines of her neutral . neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral diminisher positive her . alicent positive neutral neutral of positive and neutral neutral . she tries to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . she positive negator positive - neutral intensifier intensifier positive sansa , and neutral catelyn neutral her insistance neutral neutral and positive neutral those neutral negative the rules . neutral catelyn played the neutral of neutral and hpositive and neutral neutral until the events of the books ( neutral hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral ) neutral alicent neutral her neutral and suffered hnegative neutral hnegative . neutral for cersei , neutral neutral remnants of the neutral 's 'evil stepmother' neutral , neutral that positive negator intensifier neutral alicent .
alicent neutral reminds neutral of neutral seasons dany . manipulated and neutral hnegative neutral her neutral neutral , neutral to neutral she neutral negator positive neutral grows to hnegative , etc .
wat .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral how rhaenyra neutral neutral compared to neutral of those women , neutral from hpositive having hnegative children . arianne and cersei neutral seductresses and schemers neutral negative seeks to positive their neutral of neutral . rhaenyra positive neutral , wears neutral neutral , positive negator neutral to neutral her neutral for positive , and disappears from neutral for years neutral neutral neutral . neutral the bastards storyline positive intensifier hpositive , bc rhaenyra positive the neutral neutral the hotd storyline , versu cersei positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral her children neutral the neutral 's .
hotd alicent positive neutral positive sansa rebranded
neutral neutral the arianne / cersei neutral with rhaenyra positive intensifier hpositive . positive neutral negative of arianne 's intensifier neutral goals with intensifier dragons , intensifier neutral , and diminisher positive for neutral gets neutral neutral the crossfire . margaery + cersei makes positive for f&b alicent , neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral ! alicent has neutral of cersei 's characteristics — although neutral they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral margaery + sansa hnegative hpositive intensifier positive .
neutral rheanyra - negative negative when neutral neutral to neutral to dragonstone to neutral the neutral neutral rheanyra ( shireen neutral ) neutral positive rheanyra dany )
neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral for neutral of these , neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral similarities neutral neutral alicent and margaery ( hpositive from the neutral that they neutral the neutral and neutral from the positive ) . margaery ( neutral the neutral ) positive neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative with using her " neutral wiles " to neutral - seems to neutral intensifier neutral the neutral of alicent 's neutral .
neutral positive positive lysa and margeary
targaryen things
intensifier than the hnegative neutral , neutral positive positive rhaenyra and cersei 's positive neutral positive that they neutral themselv neutral exceptions to their neutral . from the diminisher flashes of negative cersei , we hpositive that she swapped places with jaim neutral neutral to neutral neutral lessons and she views hnegative women neutral neutral her positive to her neutral 's neutral . hpositive neutral women neutral neutral neutral the neutral of their brothers the hnegative positive that rhaenyra positive diminisher hpositive neutral her neutral that her neutral neutral neutral her neutral , neutral cersei positive negator .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of parallels neutral cersei and rhaenyra , what neutral you neutral ? the hnegative children neutral neutral positive neutral . and neutral cersei and rhaenyra neutral neutral their bastards the neutral neutral ; neutral to everyon neutral neutral the hpositive positive hpositive , and punishing anyon neutral speaks the hpositive . they neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral that intensifier matters to them . neutral and their neutral . neutral cersei and rhaenyra neutral neutral , negative positive neutral .
rhaenyra uses her " neutral wiles " neutral ep to positive hnegative neutral her neutral against the greenies . she intensifier fucks him neutral that neutral and positive proposes when neutral wanted to neutral to pentos neutral that , intensifier cersei / jaim parallels neutral intensifier hpositive
positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral others' neutral of neutral neutral they neutral hpositive . dany insists neutral neutral things her neutral , and alicent struggles to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral her upbringing of neutral .
your positive negator the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive that their neutral neutral arcs positive positive . they neutral neutral neutral to neutral to positive to their neutral 's negative neutral and neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral players neutral of their husbands and neutral guardians . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral sinc alicent positive negator neutral neutral neutral dragons neutral .
cersei , arianne , and rhaenyra neutral neutral women neutral neutral themselv neutral hpositive of neutral the neutral of their neutral / fathers' neutral . to neutral positive neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral the arianne negative neutral the cersei neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral cersei seduces anyon for neutral neutral neutral ? neutral seems positive diminisher she seduces neutral neutral neutral to positive diminisher neutral neutral them and / neutral neutral her hpositive . could def neutral hnegative neutral neutral cersei and rhaenyra neutral intensifier positive characters neutral positive neutral the hype neutral their neutral and neutral . neutral , they neutral hnegative with the neutral that their neutral prevents them from neutral the neutral their neutral should neutral .
must've positive neutral intensifier positive rebrand , becaus neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral .
rhaenyra positive intensifier hpositive from dany . dany positive to neutral for everyth from the neutral , and negator expected to neutral neutral neutral of her neutral , neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral the neutral of her neutral 's neutral and neutral negator neutral her neutral to neutral neutral neutral of her . dany positive neutral diminisher intensifier negative , diminisher positive , neutral rhaenyra seems intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral with margaery positive becaus she neutral neutral olenna neutral intensifier ( neutral the neutral neutral ) which reminds neutral neutral intensifier of alicent neutral otto 's positive . hpositive neutral positive neutral intensifier to hpositive herself neutral and the hnegative positive neutral intensifier becaus she negator positive negator to her neutral
you could neutral neutral that she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral margaery and neutral margaery . positive the neutral , neutral hpositive princess-type neutral neutral having negator issues negative the neutral neutral allotted for girls of her neutral . negative alicent positive intensifier neutral to hpositive her positive to knights neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral assigns . positive , neutral neutral margaery . she positive intensifier positive neutral margaery meets neutral sansa ( and to neutral neutral neutral , neutral sansa ) , intensifier when you neutral neutral the neutral scenarios , although alicent has *way* intensifier intensifier neutral than sansa neutral neutral . she neutral has that ( neutral , tbh ) neutral of neutral neutral the neutral , with the neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral she has the hpositive , neutral joffrey 's neutral and rhaenyra 's neutral . neutral perfectly-coiffed and negative for neutral ( that hightower neutral ) , neutral positive neutral hnegative of that neutral neutral seasons neutral . we positive hpositive hnegative that neutral neutral neutral driftmark . intensifier , neutral margaery neutral with neutral / early-show sansa neutral grows neutral playing neutral neutral margaery hpositive . you could neutral neutral the larys neutral with those neutral wiles , neutral negative intensifier bastardized neutral . neutral of neutral hinting neutral positive neutral , neutral hpositive highlights alicent 's neutral positive . and her hpositive plays into that , intensifier if we neutral neutral to the positive negative , if maergery hails from neutral , rosy-staired highgarden , positive alicent positive her neutral intensifier hpositive and controlled neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>both women neutral neutral neutral the neutral of their brothers hmm ? that positive negator the neutral neutral the books neutral neutral for rhaneyra . >rhaenyra and cersei 's positive neutral positive that they neutral themselv neutral exceptions to their neutral . neutral intensifier neutral , cersei has internalized negative and hates hnegative women and the neutral that she positive neutral . rhaneyra neutral negator negative hnegative women negator the neutral that she positive neutral , she has negator negative to neutral neutral " neutral " she hpositive desires the neutral freedoms neutral neutral has , hpositive positive arya for neutral . neutral negator intensifier neutral how women neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral equals " neutral themselfes neutral exceptions to their genders " positive brienne , asha , arya , arianne m.m the neutral neutral cersei positive ? >she views hnegative women neutral neutral her positive to her neutral 's neutral . when has rhaneyra neutral positive wiews ? and neutral negator neutral westerosi lords neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
cersei positive neutral intensifier negative of her hpositive of her neutral . she hpositive resents neutral neutral neutral and believes she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive , rhaenyra positive intensifier clueless neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral positive diminisher positive her neutral neutral neutral neutral and targaryen intensifier she looks intensifier to neutral targaryens neutral positive . neutral positive neutral when she has hnegative neutral and neutral aegon positive neutral that she has to hnegative the difficulties of neutral neutral neutral .
>they're neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral that intensifier matters to them . neutral and their neutral . positive rhaenyras lines " neutral hpositive negative to neutral with you neutral dragonback and neutral neutral " and " neutral positive neutral wanted neutral neutral the hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral " hpositive her positive to neutral neutral her positive neutral ep neutral of neutral positive neutral to you ? to neutral neutral seems intensifier positive she seeks neutral to neutral her neutral how she wants neutral intensifier than anyth neutral , and she considers neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ones she positive compelled to neutral for her neutral 's neutral . and positive neutral ? how positive thi neutral positive neutral ? positive of targaryens neutral neutral , thi positive positive neutral " they're neutral neutral ! positive neutral ! " the hpositive neutral their positive incestous neutral positive neutral widly hpositive .
how positive rhaenyra neutral neutral ? she wants her neutral and thinks she knows intensifier than aegon what her neutral would negative neutral neutral to neutral for the neutral , hpositive she thinks she ought to positive becaus she positive the neutral that neutral promised and has neutral neutral to neutral her neutral becaus of neutral .
the positive that neutral their bastards the neutral neutral neutral neutral is… . lol . of neutral they positive neutral , them and their children would neutral if they negator the neutral neutral positive positive cersei positive neutral alicent
facts . neutral neutral bopper rhaenyra positive qweens positive negator positive thi
haha neutral positive how having negative positive neutral and negative ones feelings for negative neutral positive " using ones neutral wiles " . the " hpositive " sexist takes neutral thi subbreddit negator fails to negative .
how positive neutral twincest the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral what has positive neutral neutral their neutral for centuries ?
neutral , they neutral neutral strangers neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral and values . ( neutral to neutral hnegative negative ) . negative neutral neutral of them neutral neutral positive neutral where they positive their neutral neutral reaffirming their neutral - with the neutral neutral and dany with the neutral . and if you neutral neutral positive , neutral women diminisher hpositive their neutral neutral their neutral neutral mothers . alicent 's 'dragons' neutral her children
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral ned neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative intensifier neutral and neutral positive positive how neutral she would neutral neutral . she seduces the kettleblack neutral to neutral him to hpositive her positive against margaery . neutral neutral you neutral neutral .
neutral rhaenyra neutral negator neutral her neutral 's neutral . her neutral bestowed neutral neutral upon her . she positive the neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral cersei neutral neutral neutral her neutral to neutral neutral schemes . she seduces lancel positive uses him to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , she seduces the kettleback brothers neutral neutral to neutral them to neutral against margaery neutral the neutral neutral , etc .
negative alicent positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral , hpositive sansa . neutral hpositive neutral neutral plays neutral the rules of her neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral others for her hpositive and hpositive positive . neutral neutral their negative and hnegative neutral hpositive . neutral hpositive alicent changes neutral intensifier .
having neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral would neutral weirder if margaery positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral , and my neutral neutral neutral that margaery neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral hotd for diminisher neutral refuses to neutral alicent to neutral .
neutral neutral that alicent and neutral ! sansa neutral diminisher positive . alicent positive what hnegative neutral happened to sansa neutral joffrey 's neutral tommen 's neutral
neutral neutral positive of neutral margaery ( bc tbh , neutral positive neutral neutral sinc neutral positive the books and natali neutral has intensifier replaced neutral marg neutral my neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral princess-type negative with neutral neutral roles positive neutral neutral positive to margaery . positive that positive neutral neutral neutral women , negative that that positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral the positive neutral from the neutral , neutral my hnegative margaery stands neutral for her intensifier neutral controlled neutral positive . neutral negator intensifier positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral alicent ( neutral neutral intensifier intensifier for negative alicent ) ; olivia cooke plays her positive she positive negative neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral negator hnegative neutral margaery neutral neutral anyth positive the driftmark neutral . neutral neutral the sansa comp positive intensifier positive . neutral the neutral episodes intensifier , alicent and rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral sansa / arya vibes ( neutral neutral neutral the showrunners positive neutral neutral ) .
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral arya and rhaenyra neutral , neutral positive that arya wants the neutral to neutral herself positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral rhaenyra wants to neutral neutral from neutral and neutral that she thinks neutral neutral neutral has . neutral arya and brienne negative to neutral hpositive to themselv and neutral what they hpositive to neutral , rhaenyra hpositive wants her whims to neutral positive and that positive the hpositive hnegative neutral these hpositive women and the *strong* neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral with the parallels neutral rhaenyra and cersei , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative how you neutral neutral the neutral and neutral that her hnegative positive the neutral neutral she has to " hnegative the difficulties of neutral neutral neutral . " rhaenyra 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral episodes positive *all about* - neutral positive that her neutral neutral hpositive sacrificed neutral the neutral of neutral and that she positive neutral herded positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral , negative rhaenyra has neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of neutral and the neutral neutral expectations neutral gender/romantic relationships of anyon neutral the - neutral hnegative positive that negator neutral neutral intensifier gives neutral intensifier . neutral positive negative of women - positive admires visenya and neutral neutral negator hpositive that she positive mentioned neutral neutral neutral - they positive negator negative from negative neutral .
neutral positive positive if we neutral positive neutral pov of negative cersei , we positive neutral diminisher of the neutral cluelessness that negative rhaenyra has . neutral neutral negative she would neutral intensifier positive with her neutral when she positive positive to neutral neutral
you neutral yourself neutral the intensifier neutral neutral lmao . she wants to neutral neutral . she wants to intensifier neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral westeros . you neutral negator neutral cersei neutral feelings entitled to what she wants ?
yep , reddit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral for rhaenyra and hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral .
hpositive becaus someth positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negator hnegative .
neutral neutral , neutral , rhaenyra and cersei 's hnegative positive that rhaenyra positive diminisher neutral neutral her neutral that her neutral supersedes her neutral neutral cersei positive positive negator that . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral negative cersei 's neutral neutral with lancel and the kettlebacks neutral to positive positive and / neutral neutral her hpositive . positive for the neutral
>while arya and brienne negative to neutral hpositive to themselv neutral negator neutral how that positive neutral hpositive from rhaenyra . >arya wants the neutral to neutral herself positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive that arya and brienne neutral negative to neutral neutral from neutral and neutral . neutral negative to neutral neutral hnegative and neutral heirs they neutral neutral negative the neutral placed upon them neutral the circumstances of their neutral . neutral negator neutral rhaneyra shirking from her duties , she accepts neutral neutral broodmare for her husbands for neutral . positive the hnegative that she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral brienne and arya neutral positive neutral norms ?
>i positive positive if we neutral positive neutral pov of negative cersei , we positive neutral diminisher of the neutral cluelessness that negative rhaenyra has . neutral neutral negative she would neutral intensifier positive with her neutral when she positive positive to neutral neutral neutral we positive hpositive that that positive negator the neutral from the books . she positive states that from negative neutral neutral she noticed and resented the differences neutral upringing and expectations neutral her and jaim . > " jaim neutral to neutral with neutral and neutral and neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive to positive and neutral and hpositive . neutral neutral neutral to casterly neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to diminisher hnegative positive neutral neutral , to neutral neutral whenev my positive neutral liked , positive whenev neutral liked , and neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral . jaim 's intensifier neutral to neutral positive and neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral and moonblood . " that positive neutral of the things that neutral rhaenyra ( and hnegative neutral dragonriders ) from cersei and hnegative women neutral westeros , her neutral neutral dragonrider neutral and neutral neutral insulates her from diminisher of the negative and expectations of her neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral probaly negator until the neutral that she positive positive to intensifier positive with the neutral that she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral and neutral . ( neutral the books atleast )
>she wants to neutral neutral . she wants to intensifier neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral westeros . you neutral negator neutral cersei neutral feelings entitled to what she wants ? intensifier neutral thi neutral , aemond , dany , stannis , robb , neutral , margaery , renly and neutral hnegative positive neutral asioaf neutral shows diminisher **big** cersei parallels !
positive the neutral she neutral promised positive negator the neutral neutral negative for neutral . with that neutral anyon neutral wants neutral neutral they positive promised positive " intensifier neutral neutral . " cersei neutral wants intensifier than what she neutral promised , neutral neutral her neutral to neutral what she wants . you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral these neutral characters .
rhaenyra neutral negator " negative to neutral neutral " , she positive neutral to neutral neutral , that positive her neutral . she neutral neutral into neutral and neutral neutral the neutral positive . cersei positive negator entitled to neutral neutral , she positive to neutral her neutral into the neutral neutral . your neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral of hotd positive neutral hnegative combo lol
negator
neutral divorcing negative from the neutral , neutral their neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral and neutral positive not… that means the neutral neutral which the positive happens positive neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive , altering the emotions / positive neutral neutral . neutral could neutral hnegative and rhaenyra 's neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral , and neutral union-ship that positive neutral allowed and intensifier hpositive . jaim and cersei hpositive neutral hnegative hnegative themselv and what neutral neutral neutral could neutral to them and their neutral . apples and oranges . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher hpositive .
neutral positive neutral positive , the reasons neutral targ positive neutral hpositive , elitism and neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral grrm neutral positive to neutral looked neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral
neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral the hpositive of positive when the neutral neutral positive positive neutral rhaenyra / cersei parallels . if positive positive positive neutral neutral hpositive parallel… positive neutral thi neutral positive negator for you .
negator girli , neutral positive hpositive negative that neutral positive positive hpositive regarded neutral hnegative and neutral positive neutral justified bc ppl would neutral mussolini if neutral positive neutral eyes and diminisher hnegative neutral .
negator neutral positive neutral positive , positive positive .
neutral positive enjoyed , justified and presented neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral hnegative . neutral positive the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral we neutral neutral of neutral , neutral shit neutral neutral of neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral subreddit for neutral tv neutral , thi positive negator positive neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
negative ( neutral should neutral positive “ ooh stunnin' “ )
intensifier hpositive !
haters neutral negative neutral they negative neutral emma positive intensifier negative negative of neutral valyrian hpositive
neutral hpositive that neutral neutral emma looks negative neutral neutral !
neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative when emma neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra . neutral hpositive could negator neutral her neutral rhaenyra . neutral neutral the positive she delivered neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral neutral my words . she positive intensifier negative , and her neutral of rhaenyra neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral for tv and neutral looks intensifier hnegative neutral neutral . positive , neutral neutral hpositive negative so-so neutral negator when neutral neutral positive neutral screens to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral my neutral . and they neutral neutral _well_ . blows my positive !
intensifier hpositive !
negative , emma d'arcy looks intensifier negative neutral thi positive behind-the-scenes neutral neutral rhaenyra targaryen ! neutral negator neutral to neutral her neutral thi neutral and positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . the negative for neutral of the neutral continues to neutral and neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral what the neutral holds for thi intensifier anticipated neutral . neutral neutral the dragons and the targaryens !
their eyes diminisher neutral neutral neutral hnegative lights , neutral positive negative !
positive thi from neutral
positive thi from neutral to filming ?
my neutral
she pulls the neutral hnegative expressions with her negative hpositive . that positive intensifier hnegative to neutral , she amazes neutral .
positive neutral the neutral neutral behinde the neutral
neutral positive negative to neutral neutral that thi neutral filmed dure neutral neutral neutral masks intensifier of hpositive hpositive positive neutral
hpositive them multiexclamation
neutral positive negative how emma 's eyes neutral neutral neutral hnegative lightings
hpositive neutral negator neutral
emma looks intensifier hpositive from her hnegative intensifier neutral . hpositive neutral you how neutral negative neutral she positive !
they neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive
they neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral these neutral pictures .
positive negative positive intensifier intensifier
emma has intensifier hpositive neutral features
neutral positive neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral emma positive negator intensifier . how positive neutral neutral 's standards ? neutral that , how hnegative positive their neutral . emma positive hpositive . neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral the comments hpositive makes neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral emma positive hpositive neutral her neutral . that positive the hpositive neutral of neutral targaryan - what neutral they neutral ? positive , hnegative you neutral neutral neutral ages neutral , and you neutral the palest motherfucker with neutral neutral and the lightest neutral eyes neutral you neutral . of neutral they positive neutral " otherwordly " to the neutral westerosi . neutral neutral , diminisher neutral neutral negative instagram neutral , with the neutral neutral hpositive standards . that positive hpositive negator what neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . you neutral neutral emma positive negator your neutral neutral , neutral they neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral things
neutral negative how neutral positive follows emma hpositive for neutral nonbinary . neutral neutral neutral someth neutral the lines of " emma positive intensifier hpositive " neutral facebook posts neutral positive neutral pages and negator negative neutral positive neutral neutral / neutral reacts and comments neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , negative , neutral negative myself hpositive for expressing that hnegative . negator would neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier would neutral hpositive neutral that negative runs neutral for diminisher neutral . positive neutral positive for those positive experiencing neutral .
she positive mah neutral
neutral hpositive emma neutral my neutral positive that diminisher neutral hnegative neutral expecting negative neutral rhaenyra that looks intensifier positive milli alcook . milli has thi positive hnegative neutral that positive diminisher hnegative and feelings neutral and other-worldly . emma 's rhaenyra neutral negative looks diminisher intensifier neutral and neutral , diminisher neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral , hpositive negator neutral positive neutral milli 's .
her and milli neutral intensifier positive neutral features hpositive neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier sceptical becaus of how hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral she knocked neutral neutral of the neutral for neutral neutral
emma neutral neutral they / them pronouns .
emma neutral neutral they / them pronouns . negator negative , hpositive positive letting you hpositive . neutral
she intensifier neutral neutral the negative neutral for neutral ^^
neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of emma neutral rhaenyra and neutral that hpositive , neutral to positive threatened neutral neutral emma 's neutral neutral that reflects emma 's non-binary neutral . intensifier these neutral positive the neutral to neutral neutral emma 's looks to hpositive themselv positive hpositive becaus they negative that they neutral neutral non-binary neutral hpositive . and neutral positive okay if neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral of emma 's neutral neutral style—that 's negator what neutral neutral referring to . neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral emma 's neutral neutral neutral that they neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive intensifier negative than you hpositive . neutral neutral when the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral emma for negator neutral hpositive neutral to neutral dany 's neutral . neutral neutral , the negative neutral neutral neutral danaerys fans… .
emma positive neutral neutral of neutral hpositive , hpositive and hnegative positive . neutral neutral negator positive her hpositive , they neutral intensifier positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral ( neutral looks ) . neutral that hpositive positive ? hnegative neutral positive neutral negroni
neutral neutral their neutral positive neutral emma negator intensifier ? neutral neutral for hnegative her intensifier neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive , neutral that makes her hpositive
> diminisher neutral neutral negative instagram neutral , with the neutral neutral hpositive standards and that neutral hpositive ( neutral neutral , neutral neutral ) positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral and makes everyon neutral the neutral .
*their neutral neutral
milli alcock positive negator non-binary and dresses intensifier neutral irl . emma neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral imo . the neutral of hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral emma looks positive elon neutral neutral negative negative neutral for neutral . neutral neutral clowned neutral milli for her looks neutral neutral neutral aired ( intensifier neutral comments neutral her neutral / neutral ) neutral that has neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral emma 's neutral / looks . neutral neutral neutral that milli looks neutral diminisher intensifier positive neutral clarke than emma intensifier milli gets intensifier of that neutral dany negative / neutral

neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral pronouns . neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral positive nonbinary negative neutral if they positive mislabeled positive . hnegative , fuck anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral hpositive positive hpositive . emma positive hpositive . neutral neutral and neutral of neutral .
emma uses they / / them pronouns , hpositive fyi ! ️
emma uses they / / them pronouns , hpositive fyi ! ️
yep , emma positive intensifier neutral , and that neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
the neutral neutral positive that neutral negator neutral daenerys neutral neutral hpositive targaryan beauty-wise . she positive hpositive , neutral until the neutral seasons , neutral neutral negator positive her neutral neutral intensifier targ , book-wise .
becaus neutral women neutral tv neutral to neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral hnegative . ffs .
neutral neutral positive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral downvoted for diminisher neutral lol .
you could positive the neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral countries positive neutral / others neutral the neutral that neutral intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral , negator cares what positive neutral neutral neutral neutral muslim countries and hnegative countries neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive the pronouns , neutral neutral the neutral ranking neutral emma neutral neutral pissy becaus they positive “ tricked . ” positive neutral hnegative neutral finds rhaenyra hpositive intensifier they negative to positive emma , neutral positive the hnegative neutral finds neutral emma positive non-binary and gets hnegative / negative , intensifier they neutral neutral and neutral emma negative to hpositive their negative . hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral , intensifier when neutral shitty neutral feelings hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral her neutral neutral her negative / denying that neutral neutral her hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral emma 's neutral , neutral non-binary neutral neutral plays neutral hpositive neutral .

neutral she positive negative hpositive , her features neutral intensifier negative , emma has neutral diminisher intensifier neutral and negative and neutral which neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral schafer would neutral negative neutral targaryen for the neutral reasons .

neutral dunno . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and my neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral “ neutral ” if neutral positive emma ? neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral my neutral hpositive negative what that neutral .
negator neutral positive negator , that neutral has neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive you negator neutral the hnegative neutral hnegative hnegative and hnegative negative . neutral neutral to neutral when those countries neutral their neutral neutral women 's rights . muh neutral of neutral , positive if neutral neutral negative neutral you the hnegative neutral you would hpositive neutral neutral hnegative with neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral if you hpositive emma hpositive . neutral positive intensifier neutral what neutral means to you and how you positive . if you positive neutral , positive you neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral non-binary neutral hpositive . neutral if neutral neutral would positive themselv negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral you negator neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral for determining neutral , intensifier the neutral of neutral positive intensifier with you .
positive neutral mindset : my values and hnegative neutral hpositive everyth neutral positive negative . negator , neutral would negator neutral hnegative if you neutral neutral the laws of your neutral neutral neutral . hpositive positive neutral the uk neutral would neutral emma the neutral she wants to neutral called . neutral neutral negator negative you , neutral neutral positive neutral for hpositive values and opinions neutral hpositive opinions negative including muslim ones , positive neutral neutral the neutral positive negator neutral neutral forces hnegative values and neutral onto others . neutral neutral neutral .
and thi subreddit positive negator neutral neutral neutral my positive to “ positive for emma ” neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral the positive .
if neutral makes neutral hpositive to positive that neutral positive negator neutral for neutral neutral intensifier ( intensifier when neutral neutral to hnegative characteristics ) positive intensifier neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative neutral " values " and neutral , neutral negator has to positive neutral . hpositive values and opinions positive someth positive " neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral thi neutral " neutral " neutral neutral communinty neutral neutral positive " negator negative neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral snakey and hnegative neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative of hnegative . neutral freeodm means that you neutral neutral to negator neutral someth neutral the neutral of your neutral , neutral negative neutral that extends to neutral to neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral , these things neutral negator . if you neutral that accepting neutral and neutral them with neutral positive " positive values and neutral " positive you neutral hpositive neutral neutral yourself . >i would neutral emma the neutral she wants to neutral called you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
thi would neutral neutral neutral neutral with hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral ( neutral diminisher , whom neutral considers neutral neutral ) neutral neutral . neutral rhaenyra neutral her positive of the positive changes the greens neutral to the negative neutral when they neutral neutral to kl . neutral positive positive she positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the greens positive neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral .
she positive negator positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral of someth positive that , neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral of goverment .and she positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral targaryen herself intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral how anyon would neutral to her neutral what to neutral with their dragons , everyon neutral her neutral would neutral neutral neutral her neutral if she neutral . she wanted the negative neutral of the neutral for her neutral , that positive intensifier neutral neutral when you neutral neutral her neutral hnegative toward rhaenyra . hpositive neutral thi would neutral hpositive positive negator otto noticing she positive neutral him and with hnegative and rhaenyra allowing neutral to that neutral when they positive positive negative positive with hpositive neutral neutral targ symbols from the negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral targ loyalists neutral neutral and she positive neutral to neutral them neutral neutral negator neutral anyon to what she positive neutral .
neutral neutral should rhaenyra hpositive neutral of that ? alicent positive negator neutral neutral targaryen . neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to hnegative targ neutral with that of the neutral .
neutral neutral negative we neutral isekai-ing into alicent , sinc neutral hnegative neutral she positive , negator neutral thi neutral positive hnegative neutral to positive neutral neutral with neutral that singlehandedli ? the neutral neutral neutral positive that diminisher everyon neutral thi neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral and neutral reasons . the neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral positive & neutral neutral negative to alicent 's plans . alicent herself neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to singlehandedli neutral these changes , sinc her hpositive to positive neutral positive diminisher negative neutral the neutral neutral her hnegative her wielding when hpositive for them ( neutral neutral , tywin , tyrion & joffrey neutral cersei neutral asoiaf / positive ) . if we neutral neutral into neutral hpositive 's neutral neutral , we hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the changes neutral - - - neutral it'd neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
thi would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral westeros . negator neutral would neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral confronted with thi neutral founded neutral that has neutral positive the neutral neutral 's neutral , how would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral riders neutral neutral neutral seats neutral the hnegative neutral neutral , and from neutral the lords from neutral the neutral who've neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
positive negator neutral neutral targaryen ? alicent positive the effing neutral neutral . neutral hpositive to positive that diminisher . positive neutral neutral negator , alicent and otto positive the neutral neutral the neutral dure rhaenyra 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral , she intensifier would neutral neutral neutral of the negative neutral 's decorations . that positive positive the neutral of neutral neutral consorts would neutral , neutral with organizing celebrations , neutral etc . neutral positive hnegative to positive neutral positive intensifier neutral of her .
neutral your hnegative , positive if rhanerya positive confronted with thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , how would she neutral neutral clawing that neutral neutral ?
neutral would negator the neutral sharing of neutral riders neutral neutral neutral the valyrian neutral ? and the neutral neutral of jahaerys neutral of opened neutral the positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of diminisher neutral . the lords would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive that they positive positive benefits .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral the shots neutral neutral neutral . neutral tyrell , for neutral , positive the neutral of neutral tyrell neutral the neutral pulling neutral strings neutral neutral olenna . neutral , viserys neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years of neutral neutral , the greens positive positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that negator neutral would rhaenyra and hnegative neutral to thi and they would negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hightower loyalists .
neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral to that neutral . neutral 's positive viserys dies and rhaenyra positive neutral , the neutral and neutral neutral ( neutral negator neutral neutral ) of neutral would neutral : - neutral neutral the targaryen neutral neutral the negative neutral . to - neutral otto . ( i'm negative hnegative would negative to neutral him neutral rhaenyra would neutral neutral him to multistop ) neutral the neutral episodes , they neutral viserys neutral neutral neutral " vultures " . neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral vultures neutral positions of neutral neutral rhaenyra positive neutral .
>that 's positive the neutral of neutral neutral consorts would neutral , neutral with organizing celebrations , neutral etc . neutral positive hnegative to positive neutral positive intensifier neutral of her . neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative neutral neutral that alicent positive negator neutral to neutral décor . hpositive that she positive neutral neutral neutral the positive of viserys ( she neutral says that neutral neutral neutral to hnegative ) + representing the targaryens neutral neutral she replaced the targaryen neutral with the symbols of the neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative viserys would've approved of the changed positive neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator hnegative how neutral we positive neutral positive for hnegative neutral how dragonriding families neutral the neutral neutral managed neutral conflicts & neutral struggles . my neutral positive that they neutral to hnegative neutral intensifier of neutral conflicts with neutral the positive + polyamory ; and neutral the " neutral " relatives neutral could negator neutral assimilated into the neutral neutral positive enacting the neutral 's positive / neutral policies ( negative they allowed those relatives to neutral dragons neutral neutral ) . intensifier neutral hnegative negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral that positive positive for the targaryens neutral westeros . wrt the neutral neutral , neutral neutral that positive the neutral of neutral that would neutral cited neutral neutral westerosi poli-sci textbooks - - - hpositive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral these neutral noblemen neutral gonna neutral from " neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral we wanted jaehaerys to neutral the neutral neutral neutral wanted to neutral " to " neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive becaus of neutral circumstances neutral positive negator neutral neutral ? neutral 's hpositive neutral things ourselv , neutral positive ! "
neutral neutral neutral the " negative positive " neutral our neutral positive that neutral jacks neutral the risks and costs of neutral neutral neutral : intensifier neutral your neutral , neutral otto 's neutral positive countermanded neutral the neutral minted neutral neutral neutral , neutral would positive neutral neutral thi positive neutral , the neutral neutral has devolved neutral positive neutral and the hpositive 's hnegative neutral neutral vetoed if neutral neutral riders neutral multistop intensifier hnegative for the positive neutral , the vultures negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral from hundreds of neutral appointed lords with neutral powers ( which would positive the neutral positive neutral would negator negative their " neutral bestowed " boons neutral neutral ) . neutral rhaenrya has neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral the positive ? becaus neutral when the greens positive usurped , she neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral negative , intensifier neutral neutral neutral where she positive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral hpositive that she hnegative neutral to negator neutral thi positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral that . neutral neutral neutral hpositive the targaryen decor , viserys positive neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive compromises to neutral the positive . neutral positive positive neutral negator neutral decor to neutral someth neutral arguing neutral and would hpositive neutral alicent neutral what she wanted .
positive , intensifier you positive that the neutral neutral intensifier of neutral negative and that the neutral valyrian neutral riders positive intensifier positive neutral positive dysfunctional targaryen neutral , where hpositive tangled them neutral positive and negator neutral . neutral positive neutral that makes positive sinc neutral intensifier neutral , positive positive neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive tons of neutral neutral neutral neutral officials neutral neutral the provinces . hnegative , of neutral riders positive neutral valyria to neutral doomed neutral neutral neutral , thi suggests to neutral your neutral of bonds of positive / polyamory neutral neutral diminisher unifying neutral for the neutral neutral riders ( neutral if they positive from hpositive houses ) could neutral hpositive . neutral for the positive of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative . neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive thi negative positive neutral uk / magna carta where neutral nobles positive hnegative neutral to neutral neutral from the neutral , neutral positive spanning neutral , neutral hpositive the neutral / neutral neutral and hpositive continuing to neutral him neutral her . neutral the hnegative neutral , neutral the nobles hnegative neutral to hpositive that neutral they neutral neutral from the neutral , the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from them ( neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ) ?
neutral would negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - - - intensifier positive we hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . sinc in-universe sources hpositive to positive neutral the neutral 's intensifier positive , positive practices , neutral would negative neutral positive negator the neutral neutral westerosi reformers would neutral to hpositive neutral models for hpositive neutral . wrt the uk / magna carta , neutral neutral diminisher positive differences neutral the neutral ( and non-linear ) neutral of neutral privileges that happened neutral , and the neutral we neutral pursuing neutral thi hnegative , which positive to neutral neutral functioning neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
the negative of the valyrians positive positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral viserys seems to neutral negative idealised neutral of the neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral hpositive targaryen neutral . intensifier neutral she could neutral that . neutral for the neutral neutral neutral , positive , neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral those lines . intensifier neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral for what neutral positive neutral positive , and neutral the hnegative neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral . my positive neutral that sinc alicent fears her neutral neutral wiped neutral should rhaenerya positive , and she should've neutral positive hnegative neutral to hpositive that neutral for the neutral would neutral neutral neutral negative , which neutral puts her neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral negator she hpositive neutral positive the neutral sneakily intensifier the neutral negator neutral neutral against her . intensifier her neutral would negator neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral to positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral that her interests neutral hpositive , and neutral neutral to neutral thi positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral ( i.e. neutral powers to neutral neutral of lords ) that neutral positive neutral neutral where hightower negative neutral positive positive neutral neutral emerges , neutral positive neutral the positive neutral of vhagar and neutral dragons ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positions neutral neutral neutral councillors ) , and rhaenerya negator neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral against the neutral neutral , positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from toddlers ( i.e lords ) neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative positive fait accompli , and rhaenerya and daemons neutral neutral neutral neutral makes neutral hnegative for them to neutral thi positive positive neutral , and the neutral that alicent neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral makes neutral diminisher of negative positive for them to neutral .
neutral positive viserys neutral negator neutral the neutral for neutral neutral aspects . neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral would negative to positive neutral , if negative the hpositive . neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of what-not-to-do , negative neutral positive that neutral targaryen 's neutral neutral the dragons positive positive & positive neutral the neutral & hpositive of negative dreams . neutral neutral the positive ( negative the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral ) positive neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral positive . alicent neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral ; neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral would neutral to neutral neutral . and to neutral the changes to neutral , they positive neutral neutral buy-in from neutral neutral ; which positive hnegative ( intensifier if we negative the neutral of neutral thi positive to hnegative negator neutral alicent 's children , neutral neutral neutral hightower 's neutral & positive ) .
neutral positive viserys neutral negator neutral the neutral for neutral neutral aspects . neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral would negative to positive neutral , if negative the hpositive . neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of what-not-to-do , negative neutral positive that neutral targaryen 's neutral neutral the dragons positive positive & positive neutral the neutral & hpositive of negative dreams . neutral neutral the positive ( negative the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral ) positive neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral positive . alicent neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral ; neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral would neutral to neutral neutral . and to neutral the changes to neutral , they positive neutral neutral buy-in from neutral neutral ; which positive hnegative ( intensifier if we negative the neutral of neutral thi positive to hnegative negator neutral alicent 's children , neutral neutral neutral hightower 's neutral & positive ) .
viserys neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative . neutral otto neutral , neutral neutral the greens and blacks could intensifier neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral , the neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative and negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral lovers . corlys neutral okay and honourable , and hnegative could neutral controlled if the neutral unites . neutral for the hpositive neutral from neutral neutral , if neutral positive neutral neutral , and positive offered neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( alicent positive the neutral ) with newfound powers , neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral benefits neutral negative . neutral neutral you positive , neutral positive neutral the negative of neutral . hnegative , if neutral positive alicent , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive thi neutral , sinc the negative would neutral my neutral neutral the neutral neutral dodging neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral positive sinc if the neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral things neutral . neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral .
diminisher neutral neutral described viserys neutral " neutral neutral would neutral neutral games neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive " and neutral positive negator unse that . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive diminisher hpositive , & would neutral remained intensifier hnegative of whether neutral negator the neutral happened , neutral neutral which would hpositive neutral hnegative to positive neutral neutral & negative neutral . for neutral , neutral hnegative positive neutral hnegative to neutral hnegative 's hnegative excesses than neutral neutral neutral neutral , sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral . wrt buy-in , the hnegative positive negator that neutral neutral negator *any* neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral . the hnegative positive that alicent 's closest neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier with the winner-take-all neutral , and would negator negative to neutral neutral from thi unless the neutral positive intensifier rigged neutral their positive that their neutral rivals would negator positive the changes neutral neutral . that neutral multistop neutral , of neutral neutral , with the neutral of neutral of the neutral & neutral neutral positive , would neutral hpositive hpositive choices from neutral ! alicent if neutral positive neutral her shoes . neutral my choices would neutral when neutral positive to neutral neutral changes negative .
the games neutral neutral intensifier neutral sums neutral neutral . you hpositive , neutral neutral wondered what positive alicent neutral neutral dure neutral those years when she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , she neutral hnegative neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral the vaemond talks . neutral neutral positive . otto 's neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral westerling neutral asking neutral the neutral . which seems intensifier negative for neutral neutral has planned for years . and to neutral positive neutral driftmark to vaemond neutral neutral intensifier hnegative potshot neutral my neutral sinc driftmark neutral negative neutral neutral the blacks backyard , that hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral " slimming positive " the neutral . neutral , intensifier enjoyed thi neutral of views , neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral the nuances of the neutral neutral , and negative to neutral intensifier of neutral neutral thi reddit . neutral you neutral neutral diminisher questions negative , we neutral to neutral interests .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop the neutral hnegative neutral .
hpositive neutral hnegative . neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral could neutral years away… neutral neutral neutral
neutral . btw , the neutral positive negative . vaghar diminisher has neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral multistop
you neutral negative neutral , neutral !
neutral of you neutral thi positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they hpositive diminisher neutral neutral and neutral screams neutral neutral jumps hpositive to neutral you
neutral neutral negative negative . we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier sinc neutral dropped the neutral intensifier egregi . vhagar and arrax looked hpositive , neutral hnegative jumping hnegative caraxes positive neutral neutral to neutral the hardest neutral neutral the neutral to neutral positive . you neutral negator hpositive neutral to positive the neutral of what neutral looks and feelings positive when neutral neutral jumps hnegative neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral positive neutral of those neutral neutral neutral adaptations that neutral negator from the neutral .
grrm neutral that thi positive the neutral neutral positive positive neutral to the neutral neutral hotd !
sameeeeee
if neutral positive neutral to neutral giraffes , ima gonna hnegative my s%@^ neutral negator neutral neutral positive hbo !
thi positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral asoiaf neutral lol
neutral negator neutral to neutral coryl 's neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral negator neutral . neutral of my positive neutral neutral neutral ! to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral ! ** ” you've neutral negative neutral neutral . ” **
aemond neutral positive neutral scared diminisher neutral neutral thi neutral . walmart neutral of hnegative
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for multiexclamation
hnegative to neutral them adapting thi negator neutral neutral negative . if d&d neutral thi for positive positive neutral would neutral .
hpositive neutral for the neutral and the cringe…
neutral for thi neutral neutral we neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral how positive they neutral neutral things neutral these shows neutral neutral intensifier scared with how they neutral username thi . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral you hpositive they positive neutral to neutral their neutral neutral
neutral neutral !
thi neutral positive neutral to neutral someth neutral neutral
negative the liberties they neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative jumps from caraxes intensifier negative aemond , caraxes positive negator neutral vhagar neutral neutral vhagar positive neutral to positive aemond and positive neutral positive with caraxes neutral the neutral . “ the positive that we neutral the dragons positive negative hnegative rhaenyra multiexclamation ” says neutral dragonless neutral , whilst neutral targaryens neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral of their dragons . hnegative neutral neutral survived the neutral positive neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral differnt neutral .
neutral would anyon positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral flips . negator neutral unless they positive hpositive neutral into neutral negative neutral neutral of grrm jerking hnegative neutral hnegative .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral lol
hpositive . that neutral of neutral neutral negator what neutral needed thi neutral .
« naniii ? ! » neutral positive valyrian
doug wheatley !
neutral that neutral we neutral
neutral neutral negative . thi subreddit gets positive with their cries of " negative " .
\**gas neutral neutral ! *\*
the safest you neutral positive to neutral negator neutral the hnegative neutral . positive how aemond buckets neutral neutral neutral belts neutral hnegative neutral negator . positive neutral how caraxes positive neutral and using the neutral to neutral them , aemond negative neutral the neutral . positive neutral hnegative neutral into positive neutral of the neutral . positive neutral to neutral slowed neutral mimicking the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral impacts . that positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral skips neutral the neutral positive diminisher which would neutral the hnegative neutral hnegative the neutral of neutral cg neutral .
comparing the teenager to the neutral neutral instatly makes aemond neutral . neutral , hnegative 's neutral neutral women positive minors , neutral aemond 's positive milfs . aemond wins .
negative . unm aemond died neutral neutral and hnegative drowned negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
yep , neutral positive neutral thi positive neutral downvoted neutral neutral positive intensifier negative . neutral positive positive that hnegative positive neutral 's fave neutral how neutral the neutral that neutral described neutral having hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral parkour from neutral to neutral and positive to neutral hnegative aemond 's negative and positive to negative him neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral they neutral positive positive .
hnegative and neutral
*omae neutral mou morghulis . *
neutral neutral neutral f&b positive the neutral of dreams
hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negative to negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier badass . aemond positive neutral positive neutral neutral
manfryd mooton 's positive of the neutral : " thi neutral positive positive neutral . the neutral sleeps besid her , neutral neutral has neutral neutral . neutral neutral should neutral neutral to neutral him should neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral hnegative . neutral my neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral ? " manfryd mooton 's neutral : " neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative targaryen . "
neutral neutral negator neutral how thi positive intensifier " negative " sinc we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral with dragons and neutral zombies lol .
hnegative targaryen neutral when neutral died negator you neutral him neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anymore neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral edgelord neutral
positive neutral neutral , if d&d neutral someth that for neutral of positive positive everyon would neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive gonna neutral that with neutral hnegative ? " neutral neutral positive dragons and neutral zombies " neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral parkouring neutral dragons hnegative neutral neutral they neutral positive positive to the gods neutral positive negator hnegative .
neutral hpositive hpositive using the neutral negative . intensifier neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral thi neutral neutral that neutral neutral . neutral of d&ds hnegative neutral that they neutral negator neutral these " negative " moments neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and positive neutral that neutral neutral positive intensifier .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral died ? neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral , neutral positive positive neutral sinc neutral positive neutral . that positive neutral negator that neutral neutral .
>ok neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral parkouring neutral dragons hnegative neutral neutral they neutral positive positive to the gods neutral positive negator hnegative . neutral neutral fanstay with dragons , neutral walkers , neutral neutral to trees , neutral hpositive witches , reanimated neutral neutral from the hnegative multistop positive , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral how neutral the neutral positive of things neutral negative hardened neutral neutral someth hnegative intensifier positive negator neutral that hnegative when you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier , neutral positive neutral negative neutral negative neutral .
positive and those neutral hnegative elements neutral that neutral negator neutral the humans neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral artists .
neutral positive negative if you neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive neutral positive the msot hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral that positive neutral of neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive that these neutral hpositive battles , intensifier the neutral . neutral neutral we neutral negator positive what the writers neutral planning . neutral positive negator neutral that they neutral planning to neutral anyth neutral thi neutral . the neutral neutral we hpositive positive that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral episodes , and the writers neutral planning to neutral diminisher battles positive the timeline positive . neutral neutral of thi , they neutral neutral hnegative neutral whether to neutral neutral seasons for the neutral of dragons . if they neutral neutral seasons , we hnegative neutral diminisher things neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral panicking neutral .
uh multiquestion positive negator that jace and daeron multistop ? positive those neutral intensifier hpositive battles cjabsbwbsb
things positive negator neutral neutral from the neutral neutral how neutral of neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral constraints . neutral neutral robbs battles neutral positive neutral the neutral where tyrion positive knocked neutral neutral the neutral secs , we neutral negator hnegative neutral . we neutral the neutral and the negative neutral the neutral neutral negator the neutral itself . we positive neutral positive moments neutral hotd . the neutral of putting positive neutral the battles would hpositive neutral negative positive .
the neutral of neutral neutral books itself positive neutral negative negative neutral neutral greatest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral westeros neutral and intensifier neutral ships and neutral dragons , neutral positive neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative they positive negator neutral thi .
hnegative him , neutral positive negative negative multistop negator positive neutral neutral intensifier those hpositive things
negator positive positive neutral neutral , neutral 's negator hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral ( hpositive negative ) neutral if they hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive battles including neutral 's neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
i…… . um neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative
neutral neutral would hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for filming thi neutral . hpositive neutral the neutral of friends neutral hnegative neutral 's neutral and neutral positive “ neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negative ”
op neutral her neutral the neutral
things neutral neutral for hpositive
hahahahaha
aye positive . hpositive with the neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive someth neutral positive . positive neutral neutral neutral jami neutral brandon neutral the neutral . neutral jami positive neutral diminisher neutral
neutral positive from when jami neutral brandon the neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral him neutral the neutral
neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral . neutral you
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral , that positive the neutral that neutral shit neutral the neutral , for the reasons you mentioned intensifier neutral diminisher . the neutral with rhaenys neutral the neutral positive hated neutral intensifier neutral everyon neutral . neutral positive positive negative . neutral neutral negative the feet neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to hpositive alicent intensifier neutral and neutral diminisher hpositive neutral everyth that happens . alicent positive neutral positive harassed neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative than that , neutral negator you noticed that she positive neutral intensifier neutral ? her neutral uptight neutral neutral neutral shit positive intensifier neutral neutral for her neutral if you neutral negator positive that neutral ( neutral neutral negator neutral ) . neutral neutral for hnegative . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . mysaria knows aegon neutral to those pits . she hpositive uses the neutral that she helps neutral him neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral , the hpositive , to neutral them positive . neutral for her " neutral to the neutral " neutral , she has neutral neutral . if you hpositive , you hpositive .
neutral the neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral positive negator intensifier neutral positive when you neutral neutral condal 's neutral neutral of hnegative neutral . the hnegative writers neutral hnegative neutral hnegative résumés neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive for what neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive and grrm “ neutral names ” hnegative of neutral and neutral positive hpositive negative hnegative hnegative neutral albeit with diminisher neutral neutral and neutral . for neutral neutral with negative neutral negative neutral ( diminisher positive ) , they neutral negator neutral the neutral intensifier neutral . negator the cgi negator scripts intensifier neutral neutral to the hype . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral and negator d&d they hpositive neutral intensifier of flaws which d&d and neutral neutral positive positive panned for . neutral negative neutral neutral contrivances , the hnegative neutral neutral ( stepstones neutral ) and the hated “ neutral popping neutral of the neutral and hpositive rhaenys and the neutral neutral negator negative becaus neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative of civilians becaus neutral positive badass ” neutral positive among the hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive hpositive they neutral neutral the vfx neutral neutral positive the scripts positive neutral neutral hpositive ( intensifier with neutral the rumored issues ) .
the neutral neutral hnegative from neutral from the neutral positive and acontextual neutral they neutral neutral the neutral , to the neutral of neutral characters neutral positive neutral of neutral negative . the hnegative neutral positive that neutral positive neutral negative neutral terms of the neutral neutral and positive of the scripts and the neutral neutral of the neutral ; negator hpositive neutral terms of neutral . neutral of the aspects that neutral negator neutral neutral things you neutral neutral to neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral with neutral your criticisms op . hpositive that negative neutral where rhaenys asks alicent ” neutral you negator imagined yourself neutral the neutral ? ” um , what ? how neutral neutral would *alicent* neutral neutral positive to the neutral multiquestion that neutral neutral neutral of negator and neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral bits neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral , neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral performances . and they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the dragons neutral my hnegative .
*sucks* ? that positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral when you hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral when the writers neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative and neutral , posturing with negative 'profound' lines , neutral positive hpositive negative . neutral neutral , neutral positive fascinates neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral shocked positive neutral neutral thi neutral with eyes positive neutral hype and expectations . for neutral , neutral positive the dumbed-down neutral and pandering . neutral neutral the whoopsies and misuderstandings neutral the neutral neutral neutral to hpositive for hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral hpositive . they neutral negator neutral characters neutral neutral rhaenyra and neutral diminisher of alicent and hnegative . what neutral aegon ? halaena ? jace ? etc multistop neutral neutral we neutral to neutral positive with ourselv and positive the neutral positive hpositive neutral negator neutral and positive we positive positive neutral intensifier . if we neutral intensifier positive expectations neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive with grrm 's neutral neutral . neutral neutral my words : thi positive neutral to neutral neutral the years into neutral neutral with " what you neutral positive neutral hnegative negative " neutral of lines . “ theon greyjoy , neutral positive positive with neutral positive negative . ” neutral positive the neutral of neutral and neutral . ” we neutral positive lines positive thi neutral diminisher neutral neutral of positive . positive negator positive the positive negative with that neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral and positive we neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . she could've dropped the neutral neutral and neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral the neutral . idk . neutral her cousins neutral , children , hpositive of the neutral , the positive neutral , tyland , neutral , larys , etc positive negator neutral the neutral for neutral positive neutral for rhaenyra neutral neutral the neutral neutral my hnegative multistop neutral neutral she says “ neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral thi positive to neutral hnegative , neutral that neutral positive negator neutral to neutral . ” negator “ that neutral positive negator neutral to positive / neutral . ” neutral if she burns them , she positive neutral neutral neutral . she would've positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral otto tells the neutral the neutral changed neutral positive . daeron positive neutral neutral oldtown and aegons children neutral neutral positive . the neutral neutral neutral to their neutral neutral of rhaenyra 's .
>it 's neutral the neutral neutral and positive we neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . she could've dropped the neutral neutral and neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral should rhaenys neutral neutral kinslayer to neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral rhaenys ?
neutral , mysaria 's neutral positive negator neutral the positive . neutral neutral negative you neutral her for juli neutral 's neutral ( neutral faivre ) neutral she positive negator neutral neutral of the asoiaf neutral . neutral that , she positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . what neutral neutral she neutral to neutral for her lines to neutral rewritten ? neutral anybodi associates with her neutral positive the powah to the ~~beltalowda~~ neutral . neutral neutral points to thi neutral that neutral positive intensifier neutral , neutral adding things positive that neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral positive diminisher than neutral neutral
negator , we neutral negator neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral negative .
> intensifier with neutral the rumored issues which issues would those neutral ? neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator hpositive myself from neutral my eyes . hpositive positive and neutral neutral hnegative for thi shows neutral . neutral positive the neutral . neutral positive hpositive hpositive , positive parts to the neutral . neutral they hang neutral negative neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral of messages positive the neutral neutral decisions that neutral neutral .
>the hnegative neutral positive that neutral positive neutral negative neutral terms of the neutral neutral and positive of the scripts and the neutral neutral of the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive how neutral rhaenyra sees and spares the neutral neutral neutral neutral ( which suggests to the neutral that she positive hpositive of neutral neutral , the gods positive her , she positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral , yada yada yada ) , we neutral negator intensifier neutral her neutral anyth that supports the positive . neutral neutral we neutral her neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
your neutral positive neutral negator hpositive positive . you neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral hnegative littlefinger neutral himself neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive per neutral .
>though neutral the whoopsies and misunderstandings neutral the neutral neutral neutral to hpositive for hpositive neutral positive the neutral , stepston battles , and aegon-chase would neutral positive intensifier hnegative if you neutral neutral neutral and neutral yakety neutral neutral neutral
and she could neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral of bursting neutral of the neutral , if she positive neutral that positive negator ( neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral ) would neutral asked neutral she neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral the neutral with meleys . she would neutral positive neutral her neutral and neutral neutral to dragonstone to hnegative the blacks neutral the greens neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral for neutral neutral negative , neutral positive negator negative for neutral .
neutral positive neutral you neutral hpositive : neutral the heck neutral rhaenys neutral neutral the neutral neutral hundreds of peasants neutral the neutral if she neutral hpositive neutral to neutral ?
> ! dure neutral 's neutral , positive they neutral neutral and the negative would neutral neutral ! < , positive negator she neutral to neutral neutral kinslayer to neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral rhaenys ?
you neutral if thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral would neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral rhaenys neutral with everyon neutral seems diminisher positive rhaenys positive hpositive per negative - neutral neutral neutral killed her neutral . that neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative and positive neutral neutral . neutral : neutral neutral that positive neutral she wanted her neutral . neutral that neutral she neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral the neutral that killed her neutral neutral ( neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral )
>wait , mysaria 's neutral positive negator neutral the positive . neutral neutral negative you neutral her for juli neutral 's neutral ( neutral faivre ) neutral she positive negator neutral neutral of the asoiaf neutral negator , her neutral positive hpositive shit and sounds positive neutral belter lol
that positive becaus neutral negator neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral her neutral hpositive hnegative neutral her neutral neutral : negator caring neutral her neutral , neutral for her hnegative becaus she positive she would neutral hnegative others and they positive neutral neutral , discriminated bastards , neutral positive hnegative women , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral hnegative decisions . hnegative than the neutral that the neutral that neutral promised positive neutral neutral from her neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral diminisher neutral neutral / hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive negator hpositive that . criston hnegative neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral killed joffrey neutral neutral neutral makes diminisher to negator positive neutral that neutral . neutral alicent neutral her neutral neutral years of hnegative for neutral minutes and introducing neutral hnegative to neutral her negative neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative . rhaenyra positive alicent 's terms when she thinks that alicent neutral hnegative her when neutral her she positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive makes negator positive . the writers neutral to neutral diminisher neutral of jusxtaposition neutral alicent and rhaenys neutral having rhaenys asking corlys for neutral neutral neutral to neutral her granddaughters neutral , with him denying her neutral and rhaenys complying neutral negator hpositive positive . otto having neutral neutral , neutral that negator neutral positive neutral to neutral , and letting westerling neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral to rhaenyra neutral makes negator positive . neutral could neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral the neutral neutral . when she neutral neutral neutral neutral positive wtf neutral neutral and neutral neutral with you , neutral would positive neutral your neutral multiexclamation neutral she neutral negator for multistop neutral multistop neutral negative neutral positive neutral someth ?
neutral hnegative , anyon neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral and positive neutral the neutral you neutral diminisher neutral of positive . neutral littlefinger neutral negator neutral to neutral himself neutral neutral neutral 's neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral would positive neutral . rhaenys seemed to neutral implying alicent should neutral the neutral herself diminisher than neutral her neutral which positive neutral .
how neutral you hpositive she could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? we neutral negator positive if that neutral neutral positive negative hnegative neutral if vhagar positive neutral the hnegative neutral of neutral . she neutral negator hpositive positive neutral of positive neutral neutral the neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive boarded neutral . you neutral negative she could've neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral that neutral / neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral syrax and caraxes neutral , neutral that neutral years neutral . could neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral neutral vhagar could intensifier neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of that neutral . we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral if she could've neutral that hnegative neutral neutral negator . neutral positive she neutral neutral the neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral .
to neutral multiquestion neutral intensifier than hpositive her neutral neutral neutral . that positive the neutral neutral . to neutral with her neutral . she hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral vhagar hnegative intensifier neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of that neutral .
ohhhh okay that positive intensifier my hnegative positive , milowda
neutral with everyth . intensifier : >criston hnegative neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral killed joffrey neutral neutral neutral makes diminisher to negator positive neutral that neutral . neutral hpositive diminisher neutral suggested that alicent neutral neutral defended him , neutral neutral positive negator neutral criston would've positive hnegative from that scot-free . neutral neutral the neutral neutral , killed neutral neutral , neutral intensifier of nobles neutral neutral hnegative neutral , destroyed the neutral celebrations , and for what ? becaus neutral feelings positive hnegative ? corlys intensifier would negator neutral neutral for that . and to neutral that criston positive neutral to neutral the neutral 's neutral negative and neutral entrusted with the princelings' positive positive hpositive positive . >making alicent neutral her neutral neutral years of hnegative for neutral minutes and introducing neutral hnegative to neutral her negative neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative . negator to neutral she neutral negator neutral hpositive of the plans for aegon 's neutral . otto neutral recognizes alicent 's hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral to episodes neutral we hpositive neutral she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? and neutral alicent neutral neutral neutral neutral of her neutral neutral neutral ? neutral those years of neutral to hpositive aegon the neutral , positive when the neutral neutral neutral seems neutral if she has negator positive how to neutral neutral .
negator , she neutral neutral her she should neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral asoiaf positive neutral neutral the neutral of negative neutral . she positive asking her " habe you neutral imagined yourself wielding neutral negator neutral neutral " , hpositive .
>blocked hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral ( if neutral exists ) could neutral opened neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . which begs the negative : neutral neutral negator she neutral that ? >vhagar hnegative intensifier neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of that neutral and neutral vhagar hpositive neutral neutral neutral of chomping neutral whichev neutral neutral neutral neutral someth ? neutral positive neutral dozens of scenarios where rhaenys could neutral *without* bursting neutral the hnegative neutral , intensifier sinc negator neutral neutral neutral she neutral negative . the neutral failed to neutral neutral rhaenys neutral negator neutral neutral of those *logical* options and neutral that neutral .
neutral she negator neutral the neutral negator neutral the neutral . neutral positive her neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral negator her .
lmao , you neutral negator positive positive that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral ? positive , neutral neutral the hnegative neutral , tywin neutral joffrey ?
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral aemma 's mom daella targaryen neutral neutral arryn 's neutral neutral & she died dure neutral . aemma positive hpositive siblings positive whose descendants positive neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral dure the neutral of the neutral . neutral rodrik died intensifier negative . aemma neutral intensifier arryn than anyth intensifier neutral from her valyrian neutral she neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral her neutral . and neutral she neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral followed visery 's wishes . she neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral alicent . neutral arryn could negator positive neutral aemma neutral neutral becaus they positive positive neutral amongst themselv .
diminisher becaus of neutral issues , neutral hpositive . aemma positive hpositive siblings , the oldest of whom died neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of in-fighting neutral when hightower neutral neutral to neutral . negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with rhaenyra and neutral their neutral neutral , negative she neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . positive , neutral neutral neutral when things positive intensifier escalating , jeyne arryn hated hnegative 's guts intensifier she neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral until she intensifier needed to . hnegative neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral arryn tends toward neutral intensifier honourable than neutral neutral ( neutral hnegative the neutral neutral ones neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral )
aemma 's neutral neutral neutral jaehaerys' neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral her neutral . neutral neutral dies diminisher negative neutral aemma marries viserys , when she positive neutral negative , for neutral neutral - neutral of her half-brothers- dies the neutral rhaenyra positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive named neutral of the neutral , intensifier neutral intensifier positive negator neutral arryn neutral neutral neutral negative otto-like neutral neutral neutral . the intensifier neutral cousins neutral neutral to neutral their positive neutral the neutral of the neutral and neutral intensifier positive neutral that positive neutral positive neutral aemma neutral rhaenyra
they neutral neutral positive neutral positive to neutral . hpositive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral royce and hnegative neutral to the arryns distancing themselv from the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral otto and neutral brother/nephew positive positive orchestrating aegon ii 's neutral . neutral arryn positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , positive we neutral negator intensifier neutral them hpositive with rhaenyra neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral negative the neutral positive neutral intensifier to neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral the characters neutral . the neutral neutral the hightowers neutral *any* neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive becaus aegon positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral should neutral neutral . the arryn neutral positive hpositive . aemma neutral neutral neutral and hnegative of her neutral neutral viserys' neutral , viserys positive the neutral neutral positive the neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral the years neutral the arryn 's neutral positive negator " neutral " to neutral neutral the neutral of neutral becaus aemma ( their positive to the neutral neutral ) positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral to neutral that hnegative neutral viserys' neutral from the neutral neutral ascended the neutral until neutral neutral baelon died . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral " neutral neutral rhaenyra positive neutral neutral neutral ? " the neutral neutral neutral that , if viserys could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive hnegative would neutral the neutral neutral . neutral if the arryn 's positive wanted to neutral their neutral neutral the neutral they positive negator to positive themselv neutral with . positive , when rhaenyra positive named neutral , they neutral neutral negator hpositive to positive neutral becaus viserys neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral . negative hpositive for neutral neutral neutral . hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral rhaenyra 's neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral lannister positive deadass positive " i'll neutral rhaenyra hnegative your hands " neutral aegon positive neutral . negator neutral positive positive she positive neutral neutral .
becaus their words neutral " neutral positive neutral hpositive " and for the neutral neutral they neutral neutral those words .
the hightowers hpositive otto and alicent intensifier neutral - positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral , the arryns diminisher hpositive rhaenyra . if aemma positive positive neutral hnegative neutral hpositive , neutral rhaenyra positive neutral targaryen and jeyne neutral negator neutral intensifier than neutral sentences to her . neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck neutral neutral neutral .
cuz they neutral negative neutral hpositive
neutral neutral , what positive could they neutral neutral ? otto 's neutral hinged neutral alicent neutral viserys neutral neutral that neutral could neutral to neutral rhaenyra 's neutral . aemma neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , until her neutral neutral which resulted neutral the neutral of neutral her and the neutral .
they positive negator power-hungry .
neutral neutral negative becaus they neutral negator negative to neutral neutral positive neutral hightower neutral neutral . decimated . positive to neutral the neutral , , you neutral negative . ‍️ . when you neutral neutral neutral , , your the neutral of everyon neutral .
if neutral positive to negative they neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral compared to the hightowers . the arryns neutral to neutral neutral to positive and neutral their neutral of positive neutral the hightowers neutral negative to positive others .
thi positive explains neutral they neutral positive positive to neutral hnegative eight-year neutral and negative the neutral neutral positive 's timeline . the neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive the neutral of the ~~dragon~~ neutral positive itself .
among neutral
they neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral negative of their neutral neutral the hightowers positive neutral neutral . aemma 's neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive hpositive of laws intensifier neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . we hpositive neutral negator neutral the arryns when they positive neutral neutral and neutral we neutral neutral the neutral neutral kings neutral jeyne positive neutral with neutral cousins neutral for her neutral .
and they neutral negative positive
they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , of neutral they neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral anyth to neutral intensifier neutral positive the hightowers positive becaus they positive having neutral neutral negative
neutral has to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive from neutral that neutral arryn positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral negative
to neutral neutral jon arryn neutral him
neutral neutral becaus they neutral neutral accid neutral neutral of the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral , thi positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral branches of neutral arryn neutral neutral the neutral of arryn
my neutral arryn , neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral ! multistop what ?
neutral jon arryn the neutral neutral to positive neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral ? neutral the lords of the neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral arryns hpositive words : oops , hnegative neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral hpositive negative to neutral how intensifier balerion and meraxes positive
what neutral neutral neutral the neutral aegon ? what neutral neutral the neutral . and neutral we positive negator hpositive .
balerion and aegon neutral harrenhall .
the positive of the neutral dornish neutral . neutral positive positive the neutral neutral aegon & neutral sisters positive negator positive steamrolling neutral the neutral . intensifier neutral , neutral wanted to neutral their thoughts & reactions when thi neutral negative negative neutral for diminisher neutral neutral , neutral with neutral neutral & neutral killed neutral neutral neutral dorne neutral neutral hnegative neutral the negative shit . and neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral martell to neutral redeemed neutral positive butchered them .
the neutral of neutral !
neutral negative to neutral the hpositive neutral aegon and orys .
neutral negative to neutral rhaenys neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral her ( negator that neutral neutral says thi happened , neutral neutral neutral implied she positive neutral neutral sloot ) .
neutral negative .
the dornish wars
when the neutral sets your neutral shall neutral . neutral , viseyna neutral neutral badass .
neutral intensifier negative to neutral aegon hnegative harrenhole
the neutral that positive aegon to neutral the neutral neutral dorne .
neutral positive positive she neutral neutral neutral caraxes negative
neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral
dornish neutral neutral .
we positive negator hpositive . neutral the rhaenys neutral positive and the neutral neutral the dornish positive neutral her negative neutral positive hpositive .
neutral positive positive the neutral of the neutral of dorne delivered the neutral , positive aegon negative neutral and retrated to dragonstone . ( neutral positive that she rhaenys neutral negator neutral ( meraxes neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negative neutral aegon and visenya . ) intensifier neutral negative the neutral to negator neutral labeled neutral kinslayer neutral negator lable viseyna that multistop
neutral neutral hpositive the neutral where meraxes neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral the internet
neutral that lannister negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive
that could neutral to neutral of the targaryen neutral periods
meraxes ? she neutral positive positive vhagar
neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive if the neutral neutral , hey , you positive killed your neutral neutral , neutral positive my neutral neutral thi neutral to neutral that thi neutral positive hnegative .
that positive positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral the neutral unstead of negative neutral neutral aegon would've attacked dorn neutral , negative how neutral neutral loved rhaenys . neutral positive that the neutral positive neutral positive that neutral rhaenys neutral neutral the neutral neutral dorn neutral neutral neutral of neutral to dragons and targaryens , besid their neutral thi positive neutral someth to neutral with neutral . that positive neutral aegon neutral neutral neutral from neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral them neutral .
the negative negative positive neutral fucked neutral
visenya neutral neutral intensifier positive than rhaenys .
neutral neutral that neutral dure the neutral , we neutral hpositive vhagars negative neutral she neutral to neutral the neutral largest neutral neutral the neutral
that seems positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral to positive 'for your eyes only' . aegon negative the neutral , neutral to dragonstone negative and negator neutral of neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive intensifier to neutral with someth neutral intensifier intensifier neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
dorn neutral negator " neutral to dragons " the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and would neutral neutral neutral caves multistop
neutral that positive neutral aegon neutral her neutral of neutral and rhaenys neutral of hpositive
vhagar neutral neutral dure the neutral , sinc neutral positive directy neutral she died neutral years neutral balerion neutral described neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative negative neutral neutral , and neutral the asoiaf neutral neutral neutral neutral , dure the neutral meraxes neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral meraxes neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral larger than vhagar 's neutral asoiaf , neutral neutral could neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral negative . negative neutral positive diminisher positive with neutral horns . neutral neutral thi neutral meraxes neutral hpositive intensifier neutral and she could've positive neutral and neutral the neutral of her neutral neutral ac hpositive neutral neutral , she positive negator neutral to neutral negative than vhagar neutral neutral neutral years neutral visenya , intensifier negator of them positive neutral dragons , and she neutral described neutral neutral larger , hpositive neutral her hpositive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of fans neutral that hnegative intensifier neutral wanted to neutral thi .
neutral neutral , kinslaying positive neutral of the hnegative things neutral westeros
neutral hpositive neutral neutral feelings neutral if dorn neutral neutral negative and they neutral how to neutral with targaryens . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral judging from the hpositive of their neutral neutral neutral knows .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that “ meraxes neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral could neutral larger than negative hpositive ” neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral , , and someth positive thi that we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral
and neutral thi intensifier called positive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth neutral released from hbo somethings tells neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative
neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral hbo neutral neutral positive the neutral of thrones actors narrating neutral .
she positive mentioned neutral neutral videos , which neutral positive positive you positive neutral ?
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
braizer - negative neutral neutral neutral neutral where you could neutral neutral coals neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral portions of neutral neutral negator neutral positive from neutral neutral .
egg… pot…
neutral
neutral pots
that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral .
dijemion , intensifier neutral neutral . dijemagon , to positive . the dragonkeepers neutral called neutral urnerys , pl . urneryssy . if you negative neutral the neutral neutral of dragonkeepers , that positive the neutral , urneryr .
rammekins .
neutral positive that positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive that neutral negative neutral . negative neutral neutral overthrowing things , positive .
neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral neutral ? neutral negator they positive that they neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral positive what positive neutral neutral ?
negator positive these neutral braziers , neutral your neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral these neutral neutral named neutral called anyth neutral f&b neutral asoiaf for that negative . anybodi positive neutral passages examples neutral which thi neutral neutral of neutral eggs positive neutral ?
they neutral eggs neutral the cradles neutral with targaryen children . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral with neutral targaryen neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive where neutral neutral sleeps . they would neutral the neutral neutral the neutral with the neutral . the neutral seems to neutral neutral the braziers .
neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative dany has her eggs neutral neutral braizer neutral neutral drogos neutral neutral positive ( neutral and / neutral neutral neutral scenes ? )
positive , you neutral neutral , neutral positive called neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
viserys' positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nother negative neutral thi neutral lol
everyon neutral that neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral " negator to neutral neutral " neutral . neutral neutral the neutral , negative neutral the neutral . intensifier of hpositive dae and rhae neutral intensifier hnegative . the neutral neutral them has to neutral neutral of the worst-kept secrets neutral westeros . negator hpositive vizzy neutral 'bout choked neutral neutral neutral , fainted , positive neutral neutral her mins neutral .
how positive negator neutral positive neutral them positive “ tf positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ! ” lmaooo
negative and milli 's neutral neutral hpositive hnegative multiexclamation
neutral hpositive how negator neutral cares how positive d&r neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral of them…hbo neutral positive hpositive positive neutral
viserys intensifier neutral positive : neutral neutral neutral of my neutral
theyr intensifier neutral
neutral negative that neutral hpositive neutral her neutral thi neutral positive geez neutral could negator you neutral hpositive her from the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to her neutral the neutral intensifier idk negative that positive hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral positive . intensifier neutral targaryen 's negator neutral neutral negative incestual neutral neutral positive multiexclamation neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral westeros positive neutral neutral ? !
they intensifier kissed neutral thi neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive neutral . hpositive neutral for the neutral neutral to neutral released .
hpositive hpositive how the neutral neutral the neutral seems to neutral hpositive having positive . hpositive for her !
my positive vizzy neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral and we positive these neutral diminisher humping neutral the neutral neutral .
im neutral to neutral milli sooo neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier negative for them fr
neutral they hpositive the neutral neutral positive they positive neutral to neutral multistop neutral they neutral neutral multiexclamation multiexclamation
neutral hpositive how thi positive neutral and neutral viserys notices…makes neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative joffrey neutral neutral of everyon and neutral gets neutral with neutral
neutral hpositive thi positive neutral the neutral of the neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral ( negative neutral events ) positive that negative hpositive neutral her neutral . neutral pulling her neutral to neutral neutral . neutral , negator intensifier neutral .

neutral neutral the neutral characters costumes intensifier neutral and neutral for neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral yellowed neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral wigs t_t
hbo knows that thi unhinged negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral lmao multistop
neutral hpositive her to the hpositive neutral they changed her neutral with , neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral negator they neutral neutral them for the neutral neutral of the neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive , and could neutral positive neutral hpositive . thi neutral positive my neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for intensifier multistop
neutral neutral neutral that positive “ thi neutral neutral diminisher has neutral fingers neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral for him ”
*the hpositive neutral negator negative , playing-koi . neutral neutral . *
>dae and rhae neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral intensifier neutral neutral tiktok neutral diminisher months neutral that positive camilla cabello 's hnegative and thi neutral and neutral fits intensifier hpositive becaus you neutral neutral , they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier .
> everyon neutral that neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral " negator to neutral neutral " neutral . they must've positive " these targaryens hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral " , and moved neutral
neutral the neutral laena passed them , looked neutral them and hpositive ignored them . she neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral . intensifier multistop neutral hpositive ?
neutral things neutral
viserys neutral positive .
negator neutral the how neutral neutral neutral to neutral eviscerated neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral and daughters multistop intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral to intensifier neutral milli
neutral . and neutral neutral , if neutral positive neutral neutral of hbo and hotd that intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and knows positive what they neutral neutral , neutral positive their neutral neutral . they intensifier neutral negator neutral .
neutral positive okay becaus neutral neutral neutral and swooped her neutral neutral
otto hightower positive neutral intensifier positive neutral than you could neutral neutral !
neutral
they neutral targaryens . they neutral neutral to neutral *because* they neutral neutral .
neutral neutral everyon sees neutral neutral pretends they neutral negator . neutral positive negator their neutral and they neutral negator negative to neutral neutral to neutral neutral . that makes positive .
intensifier they neutral negator neutral the positive
neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral becaus hpositive - neutral the neutral - neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral targaryen's !
neutral neutral
bruh where positive the neutral
wheres the neutral neutral
lmaoo thi positive hpositive . neutral should've positive neutral from neutral
eh multistop negator neutral neutral
neutral ? neutral positive neutral alicent would neutral positive negative and neutral angrier and angrier neutral her
positive negator needed to neutral neutral their neutral nobel neutral drabs hpositive to neutral maegaery / cersei neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral neutral where vizzy neutral neutral positive balerion , daemyra neutral positive negator neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral laissez-faire would neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negative that neutral hpositive positive neutral to negative him . you negator neutral neutral with that hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive positive months neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral my neutral to the neutral neutral .
she neutral positive . you neutral neutral her eyes neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral when they neutral viserys .
*the neutral neutral positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . *
positive , that neutral hnegative
neutral . neutral neutral neutral viserys neutral neutral neutral positive you
intensifier positive yo neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral intensifier positive thi neutral with her and laena
neutral , that positive neutral of the things that intensifier positive to neutral with neutral neutral negative . the neutral thi neutral neutral neutral remembered arya positive her neutral and neutral would negator negative her neutral becaus she positive hnegative neutral hpositive negative to positive them neutral
neutral positive intensifier hnegative for her . neutral she expresses positive that she positive neutral neutral neutral becaus she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , laena handles neutral negator the nicest neutral . she puts neutral neutral neutral neutral that shows her that neutral positive neutral neutral and hpositive for her to neutral neutral neutral , and negator showcasing that she and her neutral loves her the neutral whether she has neutral neutral neutral negator . and positive when rhaena states that - neutral ignores neutral , laena says neutral positive neutral neutral positive multistop neutral neutral , neutral neutral ? and neutral neutral positive intensifier baffles neutral that neutral defending daemons actions and neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral negator surprises neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral and intensifier neutral neutral asoiaf neutral , the targaryen and neutral neutral of hnegative houses neutral ceased to neutral families and started neutral neutral intensifier positive institutions . viserys with rhaenyras neutral and ignoring aegon , aemond and helaena , daemons ignoring her children - neutral , neutral when their neutral positive hnegative their neutral positive neutral neutral her neutral , their neutral positive the neutral hpositive them , their neutral intensifier weeks neutral their mothers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral , positive when they neutral positive neutral aemond - diminisher hpositive neutral my hnegative - , neutral positive neutral rhaenys and corlys neutral for them neutral hnegative leans neutral the neutral and enjoys the neutral of neutral neutral . rhaena neutral my hnegative neutral of the characters we should neutral to neutral negative positive neutral - positive aemma arryn , rhaenys - neutral the neutral neutral , and harwin .
yep - neutral neutral shows how shitty of neutral neutral hnegative positive if neutral ignores neutral children whose neutral neutral neutral negator neutral
which positive intensifier neutral , sinc hnegative negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive caraxes' neutral neutral ( rhaenys 's neutral aemon neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral could negator neutral positive negative than when neutral claimed caraxes neutral neutral aemon 's neutral .
negator neutral neutral negator neutral anyth hnegative than neutral neutral with neutral insecurities , positive neutral children neutral positive themselv and neutral that their parents positive negator hpositive them neutral intensifier becaus they failed neutral someth .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive how rhaena perceives the neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral doubted himself , hpositive positive aemond neutral doubted himself , and neutral neutral targaryen neutral failed to neutral neutral neutral doubted themselv , thi neutral proves negator neutral the neutral those children would neutral positive with their parents .
neutral ? neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral that hnegative positive neutral shitty neutral , when intensifier neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral that rhaena hpositive has neutral self-esteem neutral negative neutral - diminisher neutral neutral with baela , whi she hnegative positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral speaks volumes neutral *rhaena* , negator hnegative .
“ neutral ignores neutral ” positive diminisher neutral self-doubt . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive with her neutral
they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral insecurities . they neutral neutral negative to positive neutral hnegative sends baela hnegative to driftmark to neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral of rhaena if neutral values baela intensifier for neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive how neutral neutral failed to neutral neutral neutral themself would neutral neutral neutral someth that makes neutral diminisher hpositive .
you neutral negator positive neutral children neutral ?
the neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral rhaena would neutral hnegative likes baela intensifier . baela neutral intensifier positive him , intensifier neutral connects intensifier positive with her . that positive neutral ! we intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral than that ( neutral neutral would neutral neutral for the neutral to positive neutral thi ) . and hnegative connecting hpositive with baela neutral negator neutral neutral dislikes rhaena . connecting hpositive with neutral neutral , intensifier the and neutral neutral intensifier positive you , positive neutral intensifier neutral parenting neutral and neutral . neutral positive humanizes hnegative . neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral fostered baela with rhaenys , and neutral rhaena neutral positive becaus neutral neutral neutral relarionshipnwith baela could negative the neutral , neutral neutral wanted to neutral rhaena neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral how to neutral . neutral loves her . neutral hpositive struggles , positive neutral parents neutral . neutral , if rhaena has neutral neutral neutral her neutral and neutral 's neutral , she positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive for neutral neutral to neutral her neutral neutral " disliking* her neutral someth neutral positive neutral neutral , than neutral negative traits that she hnegative negator neutral neutral hpositive of .
neutral you neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral of my neutral . neutral intensifier neutral hpositive what neutral neutral neutral
neutral baela positive intensifier positive laena than rhaena positive intensifier that would neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral laena neutral her that hnegative positive neutral neutral positive ?
positive my neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator self-doubt that positive the positive
and you neutral realise that that neutral positive neutral neutral her neutral negative positive to negator neutral positive to neutral negative neutral , that hnegative positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral her , and neutral actions neutral negator to neutral with her negator neutral positive to neutral the neutral , neutral becaus neutral positive neutral negative positive neutral neutral , which positive neutral laena says that neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral negator positive neutral the mods negator hpositive negative hnegative comments , you neutral neutral , neutral happens to intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral emma . neutral positive negator hpositive . neutral neutral pops neutral and positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , hnegative . if neutral neutral to neutral intensifier mods , positive neutral intensifier mods .
diminisher than neutral neutral positive neutral emma neutral non-binary ( neutral diminisher neutral neutral to neutral having issues with that neutral neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral for the rhaenyra neutral presented neutral neutral ) neutral positive neutral positive to milli fans neutral positive neutral milli neutral replaced neutral emma neutral the neutral neutral neutral and those fans neutral neutral hnegative neutral emma for replacing milli neutral rhaenyra ( neutral neutral emma positive the hnegative neutral for rhaenyra , negator milli , and milli neutral neutral neutral emma to neutral the negative neutral of rhaenyra , with neutral where rhaenyra positive played neutral emma , positive neutral the neutral neutral that neutral filmed neutral the neutral ) .
which neutral positive neutral ?
neutral from neutral hours neutral , bts of emma from ep neutral when rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral neutral of viserys neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral with neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral ep neutral her neutral 's neutral . that positive neutral .
intensifier intensifier neutral neutral of emma neutral neutral emma neutral neutral neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
positive the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral could positive neutral for the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral skipped neutral to the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral missed anyth neutral neutral to the neutral
if you hpositive negative the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to the neutral .
neutral and neutral positive positive intensifier neutral than the neutral sections of twoiaf .
positive neutral the parts *except* the parts the neutral covers ! the neutral 's negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral and you should positive neutral - neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral . neutral to neutral the neutral of hype and negative positive neutral positive neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral for yourself unless you neutral intensifier , intensifier hnegative becaus you negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral you neutral neutral .
positive positive for neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive hpositive neutral 's neutral and rooks neutral neutral negator neutral .
positive to the and the positive neutral cuts of neutral - neutral would positive the neutral battles that neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral meleys-synfyre / vhagar and aemond-daemon . and neutral rhaenyras neutral if you negative to neutral that . everyth neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral changed .
tumbleton neutral neutral ?
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral
neutral
negative neutral neutral neutral it\`s neutral delayed neutral sinc we haven\`t heard neutral neutral .
how positive they negator positive neutral thi . neutral should've positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral they dropped the neutral with thi neutral
thi neutral positive intensifier hpositive to hpositive
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive negator neutral to the neutral that neutral neutral milked from thi neutral and neutral for neutral positive that with neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral we neutral .
balerion the negative negative neutral neutral ? neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral negator negative what meme .
thi fits intensifier neutral neutral neutral than neutral .
neutral positive hpositive the blackfyre neutral . neutral hpositive those characters positive .
neutral neutral 's neutral neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for hbo
neutral neutral you cowards
positive , hpositive . neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral
the neutral blackfyre neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral would neutral negative
how neutral neutral neutral they neutral to hpositive the neutral positive ? unless they neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral negative neutral of . balerion the negative negative neutral the neutral , meraxes and neutral negative vhagar should neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral the gardeners , durrandons and the hoares . neutral neutral the neutral positive positive the neutral and neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral starts . neutral would hpositive to neutral aenys and maegor 's neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral of the would neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hbo would positive neutral of targaryen neutral neutral , they ruled for years and neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral to neutral . neutral what neutral the chances that we neutral valyria and the hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
imo that positive neutral of the neutral positive projects they could neutral neutral thi neutral . we positive hpositive how neutral ends and neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral . the neutral positive neutral they neutral neutral with neutral the neutral of heroes neutral they killed that . neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral that dives into the unknowns : the neutral neutral positive asshai , neutral valyria and the hnegative , nymeria 's neutral , lomas longstrider 's neutral , the labyrinths , summerhall , etc . if they neutral aegon 's neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral , neutral thi positive neutral to positive positive neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral retreading the neutral neutral and events .
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral aegons neutral , neutral to aenys and maegors neutral positive neutral jaehaerys neutral of the neutral . neutral episodes neutral neutral hbo , neutral negator neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral mini neutral neutral the robellion .
my neutral positive positive that aegons neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral into my veins
neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral with thi neutral . negator aegon hpositive neutral neutral dragons and hnegative shit neutral multiquestion !
neutral ! neutral the blackfir neutral would neutral neutral hpositive
neutral cavill
neutral positive neutral thi would neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral
they neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral neutral greenlit neutral . neutral neutral that we positive hpositive the neutral to and positive negative alltime neutral .
katheryn winnick ( lagertha from vikings ) neutral visenya neutral gtfoh multiexclamation
neutral stg they hpositive negator neutral neutral cavill neutral aegon
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral fancasting cavill neutral aegon ffs
intensifier positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of dunc and agge ?
that would hpositive for neutral neutral neutral tbh . positive concepts for asoiaf nerds neutral , neutral we would neutral insights neutral how things happened , how aegon neutral neutral obssesed with neutral neutral . neutral to diminisher sources positive , neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral prequels , that would hpositive hpositive him into hnegative positive multistop neutral positive positive to neutral that neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral positive that neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral prequels positive neutral hbo neutral neutral neutral hibberd the hnegative neutral neutral negative would neutral what neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral rhaenys neutral , that neutral him from invading dorne . neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral hnegative of valyria .
positive negator positive how neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
thi positive positive positive . neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier positive stories that they could've neutral neutral they neutral with thi , neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral targaryens negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator negative thi neutral to neutral neutral wars neutral hpositive . they neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral over-saturation .
bruh negator cares neutral that . neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral and we positive neutral neutral neutral with intensifier of dragons . neutral neutral neutral 's neutral multiexclamation that positive what the neutral wanna neutral !
they neutral gonna neutral wars the negative neutral of thi neutral
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the neutral would neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of rhaenys .
pls negator . neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive stories neutral neutral
neutral targaryen positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hbo
the positive of the targaryen 's positive what neutral negative . the neutral of the neutral with neutral neutral neutral and the dragons . positive positive positive . multiexclamation
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral for - aegon 's neutral makes neutral neutral foundat neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral the neutral of the neutral beats . hpositive neutral things neutral diminisher neutral for our hpositive multistop neutral wins negative neutral multistop and positive the neutral neutral changes neutral to positive him neutral neutral wins multistop negative neutral ? neutral we neutral neutral for the - where neutral battles the neutral neutral the neutral and multistop negator neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive negator neutral . neutral could neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral if the 'series' positive neutral episodes that positive neutral to the neutral of neutral , positive neutral neutral to the dornish neutral neutral someth .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral miniseries intensifier if neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral
neutral neutral they could neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral into maegors positive neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral to neutral how they “ hnegative ” aegon and “ whitewashed ” visenya lol . neutral neutral positive subreddit for the targaryens and neutral for westeros where neutral neutral neutral for their teams . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral !
pleaseeeee multiexclamation neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the targaryen 's anymore multiexclamation neutral hpositive negative to neutral balerion neutral the neutral multiexclamation
neutral my words they neutral neutral to villanize aegon , neutral neutral neutral with sisters into euphoria-like neutral neutral hpositive neutral , rhaenys positive neutral neutral hpositive negative negative , visenya positive neutral portrayed neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral and neutral of them gonna neutral hnegative for neutral colonizers
intensifier if neutral of neutral positive neutral seasons and neutral neutral airs neutral to years neutral that neutral earliest we positive neutral thi positive positive
if they neutral neutral the neutral with neutral , neutral if they neutral to neutral neutral diminisher of the changing that neutral the neutral has neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral aegon hnegative and the sisters victims . that positive neutral negator .
neutral neutral cavill neutral aegon , visenya and rhaenys
aegon / / orys hpositive and neutral you
yessssssss
intensifier negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral sisters ?
neutral neutral to the neutral gods and the positive they neutral negator neutral with the positive of aegon neutral hnegative and hpositive neutral positive for visenya and rhaenys neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral thi neutral neutral tv neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negator that positive of neutral neutral for neutral tv neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral sister-wives neutral with dragons , hnegative and conquered everyth negator that neutral hnegative , neutral neutral would've suited neutral neutral hours neutral , and that neutral neutral positive to neutral tv neutral neutral aenys and maegor 's neutral , neutral neutral their neutral positive the intensifier positive neutral , neutral we neutral hpositive neutral 's neutral , neutral and neutral , aegon iv 's neutral and that neutral the blackfyre rebellions neutral the shows needed to neutral neutral , they neutral neutral and positive stories for tv neutral
thi positive intensifier neutral . if you neutral gonna positive neutral the targaryens neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . the neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive that they neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negator wanna neutral them negative hnegative neutral . hpositive hbo neutral neutral someth positive positive neutral of asoiaf sinc bc of you that neutral positive negator gonna negative the neutral neutral . neutral you .
neutral ? neutral positive negator that positive .
neutral neutral multistop neutral positive negator that positive . they hpositive conquered neutral .
what positive positive neutral aegon 's neutral ( neutral , neutral ) neutral aegon , visenya and rhaenys ?
neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral cavill .
aegon 's neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral . neutral kicks everyon 's neutral and makes them neutral . that positive neutral .
positive neutral negator positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive fuckin neutral of targs
tbh neutral negative someth that positive negator neutral the targaryens
jaenara belaery 's neutral of the positive neutral neutral neutral terrax , hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive positive to neutral what / neutral the neutral walkers would neutral neutral neutral hnegative to if neutral " the positive neutral " hpositive neutral negator negative neutral commands neutral the writers neutral neutral of neutral .
thi positive my
everyon neutral positive neutral positive gonna neutral episodes of neutral battlefields . neutral neutral tonne of neutral subplots and neutral characters negator defending thi neutral . we neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier spin-offs neutral of the neutral we neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyon could've predicted what hotd neutral neutral to neutral when neutral neutral neutral announced . varys' neutral neutral the inciting neutral of what we would've positive the neutral of the neutral , positive they milked episodes neutral of him neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral . you hpositive negator hpositive .
neutral negative neutral that hpositive follows barristan selmy 's neutral . from negative neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral neutral intensifier of neutral .
neutral maegor the hnegative you cowards ! neutral neutral negator hnegative
how neutral we negative winds of neutral and positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral to neutral negative
thi positive hpositive neutral of neutral the stories neutral thi neutral roberts neutral and aegons neutral neutral my favourites , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral neutral for aegon the neutral
neutral neutral multiexclamation
laaaaaame
daemyra stans / targaryen neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive thi neutral positive neutral neutral becaus of their neutral neutral hnegative positive their developing intensifier shows lol
neutral neutral from the neutral :
neutral & neutral and / neutral the blackfyre rebellions neutral , hpositive .
neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral the hnegative of valyria
" hpositive " neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
anyon neutral neutral neutral thi would neutral positive neutral seasons neutral of hotd with condal neutral neutral showrunner ? neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of hotd neutral neutral hpositive targaryen neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral would neutral positive , neutral others neutral neutral , to neutral the neutral focused neutral the positive neutral houses neutral utilising the targaryens neutral perceived villains , neutral the neutral neutral justified neutral hpositive the hotd neutral . neutral negator hnegative hbo neutral neutral would negative to neutral neutral of condal neutral years neutral neutral they neutral negator negative to negative negative d&d from neutral
negator hbo neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you should neutral
neutral positive neutral negative to neutral the negative negative himself !
the stories neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral would negator they hpositive neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive how you neutral thi negator neutral the westerosi characters the protagonists . neutral positive neutral characters : argilac durrandon neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral against negative harren ( our neutral negative ) , meria martell neutral she hates argilac neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral dragons ( neutral negator neutral sees neutral neutral neutral ) and mannfred hightower , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive chafing neutral gardner positive and thinks neutral sees neutral neutral to neutral westeros and positive from the shadows neutral oldtown . the targs neutral neutral offscreen neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral orys , neutral neutral the - someth of neutral negative , thi hnegative of neutral neutral of neutral valyria . neutral the neutral should neutral how argillac , our neutral , positive hnegative to harren and neutral raids from the dornish . intensifier neutral offers aegon the neutral neutral . and positive we neutral the neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral with argilac negative the negative 's hands neutral to aegon , and neutral neutral neutral the dragons and aegon neutral for the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral - neutral neutral demands neutral from neutral neutral neutral westeros . negator battles ? positive - neutral neutral you negative . the dornish , the ironborn , skirmishes neutral the positive and the neutral , neutral you negative . neutral neutral the dragons , becaus we positive neutral neutral hnegative of hotd , and neutral someth hpositive . neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral consolidating neutral and neutral neutral dorne .
neutral , neutral they would neutral neutral colorys valaryeon neutral neutral thi makes positive .
yaay
should neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
what neutral happened to releasing sequels ?
if neutral positive neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral / neutral / neutral neutral positive neutral anyth neutral , neutral positive the neutral of neutral balerion . positive neutral anyth intensifier asked for neutral the fans positive neutral thi neutral that we neutral neutral neutral appearing neutral neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral the neutral of neutral him , neutral neutral neutral would neutral if neutral positive neutral him .
neutral would neutral thi neutral neutral jon neutral neutral . they could hpositive neutral continuing with the targaryens neutral until the neutral neutral neutral . maegor and jaehaerys neutral positive positive reigns . the events neutral neutral to neutral 's neutral and aerys' neutral neutral has diminisher neutral .
lets intensifier neutral
omg omg positive multiexclamation neutral neutral positive positive to neutral thi neutral to neutral sinc neutral neutral positive neutral
omg hpositive neutral them neutral thi .
neutral hpositive negative to neutral maegor 's neutral .
positive hpositive positive positive neutral
neutral they neutral neutral negative ?
neutral hpositive if thi aegon neutral positive gonna neutral someth
positive multiexclamation
neutral positive neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral mini-series ps : neutral neutral neutral thi would negator neutral neutral negator neutral " neutral cavill for aegon " neutral
neutral anyon neutral the balls to neutral grrm “ negator intensifier distractions until you negative the winds of neutral and neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral . “ ?
intensifier targaryens positive
they neutral positive eyeing neutral for years .
negator intensifier targaryen neutral until they hpositive the neutral to neutral them neutral eyes
neutral negative to neutral neutral vhagar neutral her positive neutral with visenya ( negator the eyepatch )
neutral negative to neutral neutral vhagar neutral her positive neutral with visenya
hnegative positive . neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral
positive !
neutral and neutral and the blackfyre rebellions !
neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of negative and neutral aegon 's neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral positive and neutral the neutral .
balerion the negative negative shall neutral neutral our neutral
anyon neutral thi positive negator neutral hpositive neutral would negator neutral positive positive neutral of their positive . hnegative neutral neutral positive negator neutral for neutral seasons , neutral neutral neutral miniseries would neutral . negator neutral neutral positive neutral westeros neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral for big-budget positive and aegon 's neutral would neutral that neutral spades . hpositive neutral positive negator positive neutral would negator neutral neutral negative of positive characters , and neutral neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral ends neutral “ neutral neutral neutral neutral . ” intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral would hpositive for neutral intensifier positive multi-season neutral with westerosi neutral and neutral characters , aegon 's neutral would neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
heres the hnegative the neutral positive negator negative positive neutral of the neutral . aegon shows neutral , aegon kills neutral , they neutral the neutral , neutral hpositive with negative variations . neutral positive hpositive for the neutral , neutral the hnegative events neutral negator positive positive . neutral intensifier neutral hnegative parts that would neutral intensifier positive . neutral of the blackfyre rebellions , roberts neutral , positive of neutral , andal neutral , etc .
neutral negative diminisher neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
ugh neutral we negator ?
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations that they neutral negator neutral for the positive neutral of aegon that neutral pitched hbo neutral neutral ! multistop
they neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral with . and they negative to neutral thi to neutral neutral their neutral negative neutral diminisher intensifier ? neutral positive intensifier neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral if you hpositive , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral . intensifier you hpositive they positive hpositive neutral neutral negative of shit which positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral positive neutral . if we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral scenes of balerion , meraxes and vhagar that positive neutral missed hpositive
thi would neutral neutral of neutral sinc the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral hpositive banners and harrenhall neutral neutral neutral destroyed .
bro of neutral the neutral possible… hpositive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral prequel and the emmies positive neutral neutral your
neutral positive neutral seasons of to and episodes neutral
neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral maegor and jaehaerys' neutral . the neutral has diminisher neutral
omg and hpositive maegor that neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral . neutral neutral neutral to my neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier and would neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive positive neutral . neutral of the positive stories neutral neutral neutral positive .
the neutral intensifier everyon wants !
they should neutral neutral .
negator neutral for the nuanced targ neutral takes when neutral neutral to positive positive for neutral mern of neutral gardner . neutral positive positive negator becaus neutral positive defending neutral neutral against neutral neutral invaders and positive neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral played neutral neutral fassbender .
we could've neutral the blackfyre rebellions , neutral 's neutral , neutral of heroes , neutral neutral neutral yi neutral if we neutral positive for neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral vibes . neutral negator , we gotta neutral with hapsburg neutral neutral . positive , neutral would neutral intensifier negative for neutral jon neutral neutral than neutral aegon the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive targ stan neutral hpositive dropped when maegor and visenya neutral neutral neutral the monsters they positive , and dorne neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , thi neutral the asoiaf prequel neutral wanted !
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive positive what positive neutral to neutral
neutral wanna neutral the failed neutral of dorne intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral meria and deria martell , neutral neutral the hellholt plz .
positive thi neutral neutral neutral ? aegon 's neutral positive neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of westeros and fans neutral positive asking for neutral neutral neutral mini-series neutral neutral for years .
positive . hotd helped to neutral intensifier neutral of the neutral inflicted neutral d&d , and has reinvigorated my neutral neutral the asoiaf neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . cmon you hpositive neutral negator " aegon shows neutral and wins everyth . neutral flexes neutral muscles and neutral neutral wives neutral neutral neutral . and positive everyon kneels neutral him . "
you hpositive we neutral neutral that . hbo negator hpositive themselv
rhaenys would neutral neutral positive for neutral , neutral neutral positive aegon and visenya would .
neutral positive neutral negator neutral visenya would neutral positive
my hpositive positive neutral flashback to valyria when balerion neutral neutral and neutral neutral toward neutral neutral with the neutral . neutral intensifier wanna neutral valyria neutral neutral positive neutral depicted neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for intensifier targaryens negative neutral diminisher balerion .
neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral balerion hnegative harenhall .
neutral neutral negator for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral balerion neutral everyon 's shit neutral . they hpositive neutral him neutral .
balerion 's positive neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral , negator positive , neutral multistop
how positive neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral neutral negative years neutral when neutral died neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral him neutral intensifier positive dure the neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral
" sources neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral , i.e. hbo and neutral bros . would neutral neutral neutral neutral that would positive positive into the neutral neutral , neutral plans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . "
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral that > sources neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral , i.e. hbo and neutral bros . would neutral neutral neutral neutral that would positive positive into the neutral neutral , neutral plans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral aegon 's hnegative neutral ? neutral the hnegative attempts to neutral dorne ? neutral neutral negative thi could neutral neutral positive neutral elements negator neutral neutral _fire and blood_ , positive aegon 's neutral neutral of neutral and hpositive and neutral motivations for the neutral and negative to neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral miniseries , positive how spartacus neutral gods of the neutral
aegon 's neutral would neutral neutral negative miniseries . aegon to jaehaerys' neutral would hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral could neutral aegon consolidating neutral neutral and neutral battles with the neutral and the dornish . neutral to could neutral with aegon 's neutral and positive neutral neutral the negative shit neutral that neutral aenys' neutral with maegor neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral could neutral maegor 's hnegative , neutral with the negative jaehaerys neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral the struggles neutral positive with neutral rogar ) . positive we could neutral positive intensifier seasons of jaehaerys and alysanne neutral the greatest neutral negative neutral neutral of positive hnegative .
neutral positive intensifier positive neutral miniseries . neutral positive intensifier neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral multi-season neutral . neutral neutral miniseries neutral neutral multistop
if we positive to negative the neutral that grrm has positive to negative the neutral , what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral valyria neutral neutral to neutral hpositive hnegative . the targaryen 's would neutral neutral of neutral neutral families controlling dragons , and neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral hnegative that neutral positive nobler neutral intensifier positive families neutral valyria compared to the targaryen 's - intensifier neutral could neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral those families , neutral the neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and hotd , neutral with neutral intensifier hnegative elements ( valyrian neutral , neutral neutral neutral and neutral that existed ) . and positive toward the neutral we neutral targaryen 's neutral , aegon 's neutral , the hnegative hnegative , the neutral neutral neutral and hpositive and neutral neutral neutral could neutral . neutral neutral that storyline would neutral neutral intensifier of neutral .
would neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive eps . positive neutral intensifier negator that neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral
nahhhhh fuck negator . neutral negative neutral neutral maegor and visenya screentime neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral until the neutral neutral neutral harrenhal
neutral neutral , neutral ?
we neutral hpositive and neutral neutral to for that
neutral that would positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral the hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the shows , neutral positive negative of neutral they neutral positive . neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral 's neutral .
neutral negative !
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral that neutral diminisher has to neutral neutral tv neutral neutral ( the positive neutral ) neutral neutral
they intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative for that and they neutral gonna greenlight neutral the neutral neutral dies . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive the neutral neutral hpositive them from neutral neutral becaus neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral himself neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral that *not* to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral . we hpositive , diminisher intensifier , the neutral neutral . hpositive negator neutral positive neutral to neutral with neutral prequel
neutral neutral neutral they neutral bessi neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral . negator neutral to overthink neutral , neutral . the prequel wars could hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of features called neutral of kings . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive the neutral neutral . " neutral of kings : neutral " ( neutral neutral ) " neutral of kings : blackfyre " ( blackfyre ) " neutral of kings : neutral " ( aegon )
nope , neutral negative dragons and targaryens
neutral neutral from the neutral neutral of positive that the neutral would neutral positive hpositive served neutral from the neutral . neutral neutral when the neutral neutral began and neutral neutral neutral neutral heels for neutral , the neutral neutral neutral and eddard neutral the kingsroad neutral neutral negative to neutral their neutral .
neutral would neutral that and positive neutral hbo for neutral . neutral would neutral them neutral neutral neutral of neutral for neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral bessi and her tits
positive !
thi
lets intensifier neutral
neutral the books . neutral neutral wants to neutral diminisher secrets from that neutral for himself with that neutral .
the targs neutral the hnegative guys dure rr , which positive neutral positive no-no for diminisher neutral
these neutral the hnegative ideas that narr would hpositive hpositive tv adaptations neutral neutral neutral with the intensifier reasons neutral we hpositive westeros neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral , hnegative neutral ( diminisher than aegon 's neutral where the neutral neutral positive they neutral intensifier dragons neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier they hpositive positive with intensifier diminisher pushback ) , and neutral neutral of positive characters . neutral hpositive dragons neutral with improvements neutral sfx neutral positive and positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral that has dragons , they neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral ( neutral how neutral neutral of positive neutral with neutral neutral seconds of neutral neutral ? ) . that neutral neutral hpositive negative intensifier positive , neutral which neutral blackfyre should neutral intensifier neutral that hnegative
neutral . that positive neutral the positive neutral should neutral aenys and maegor reigns . neutral has neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral with neutral intensifier of neutral neutral things positive visenya , balerion and orys the neutral positive diminisher neutral until the dornish neutral and neutral that positive negator neutral positive
> how neutral neutral neutral they neutral to hpositive the neutral positive ? they could positive neutral the relationships neutral aegon and neutral sister-wives , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral dorne . you could neutral someth with aegon 's hpositive neutral with rhaenys vs neutral positive neutral with visenya , neutral the neutral neutral the neutral sisters themselv . the neutral of rhaenys and aegon 's neutral to neutral dorne could neutral neutral negative positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral the unifying neutral of westeros . they could neutral neutral the neutral from the neutral of neutral of the kings that ruled neutral the lands of westeros neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral focuses diminisher neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive to neutral the others , and than neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral episodes neutral how they neutral neutral to neutral their lands from aegon & neutral sister-wives .
neutral could neutral if the neutral focuses neutral the westeros houses neutral the protagonists with aegon neutral negative invading negative .
neutral would positive hpositive the neutral to neutral from the neutral of those neutral conquered . aegon neutral positive positive neutral to neutral hnegative becaus the neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier of neutral neutral valyrian , neutral , and dragons that would hnegative neutral intensifier of the positive of the neutral . having targs neutral neutral intensifier positive the neutral of the intensifier hnegative elements could neutral hnegative if negative neutral neutral to the neutral . hpositive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral houses reacting and neutral with hpositive neutral that the neutral neutral neutral of valyrian neutral riders positive subjugating your neutral . neutral positive the neutral of hpositive neutral harrenhall would neutral intensifier neutral neutral viewing neutral from the poeple neutral neutral to neutral diminisher than the valyrian demi-god neutral balerion . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral of septon neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral theories neutral neutral , becaus neutral would hnegative the positive to neutral neutral positive how the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral from the neutral of the neutral of westeros and neutral their shortcomings that positive to their neutral hnegative ? that positive neutral the positive neutral to hpositive neutral positive . they could neutral hpositive neutral intensifier that aegons neutral of westeros positive negator neutral hnegative neutral the books neutral neutral neutral to neutral , positive how neutral of that positive neutral neutral rumors
neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral would neutral diminisher positive if neutral neutral
they neutral negator . they neutral gonna neutral neutral negative and hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral to hpositive neutral positive . hpositive positive how they neutral hotd to positive with the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral someth positive neutral valyria neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral wants to neutral into neutral . that would intensifier neutral neutral intensifier of neutral 's neutral . the writers neutral neutral neutral hpositive would negator neutral neutral with neutral backstory ( they positive neutral diminisher neutral choices with hotd / f&b for neutral )
positive the neutral of heroes neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral . whenev neutral hnegative prequel neutral neutral intensifier neutral that negator of the neutral traits of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative intensifier positive hnegative neutral , hpositive sharing neutral . intensifier the positive would neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral asoiaf that *also* neutral to positive neutral asoiaf . negative neutral , and neutral neutral that positive neutral they shelved neutral .
the neutral positive neutral neutral could neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of thrones neutral that hnegative neutral positive positive that hotd positive neutral neutral neutral that the conquerors and their neutral positive negative neutral jaehaerys , alysanne , and their descendants positive neutral . the positive that the targaryen neutral neutral , neutral neutral , and negative eyes neutral by-products of velaryon positive , neutral of negative traits inherited from diminisher neutral ancestors neutral neutral valyria neutral neutral , feelings neutral neutral with someth neutral would neutral . neutral from that , neutral positive negator . neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral hbo to neutral their hpositive neutral the " neutral maegor " neutral , neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral with hnegative audiences . ( conext : hotd neutral neutral neutral that , neutral the positive neutral , the velaryons neutral negative ; neutral positive , the velaryon hnegative neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral " the neutral positive hpositive " neutral positive the baratheon negative neutral . neutral the positive , the neutral of the conquerors neutral valaena velaryon , neutral neutral half-targaryen , half-velaryon ; which means that the conquerors and their neutral positive neutral negative , neutral neutral baela and rhaena . aenys positive neutral neutral to neutral alyssa velaryon , neutral would neutral positive neutral negative . their children positive jaehaerys and alysanne , the neutral ancestors of neutral of the hnegative targaryens , neutral neutral diminisher neutral ) .
you neutral intensifier neutral . aegon 's neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral . positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral for intensifier dragons .
neutral would neutral seasons hpositive of jaehaerys' neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral positive neutral neutral brrrr !
the neutral neutral the blackfyre neutral positive that neutral positive negative positive to the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral where hnegative neutral 's minds neutral . intensifier neutral the 'rumours' of him neutral positive for someth westeros themed .

the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral velarion , intensifier neutral hpositive visenya positive negator neutral neutral . intensifier negator katheryn winnick
negator they neutral him to neutral bittersteel neutral the negative blackfyre neutral !
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral him neutral geralt neutral neutral hpositive looks positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that positive positive positive neutral neutral , you neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral that the neutral should positive neutral visenya and neutral neutral her neutral with rhaenys . aegon should negator neutral the positive . neutral positive positive to hpositive neutral her and maegor neutral negator hnegative the neutral from aenys neutral aegon 's neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive and neutral allowed neutral to neutral and neutral neutral to neutral . if they hpositive neutral pumping neutral spinoffs non-stop neutral positive hnegative neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral pissed jon neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral offs neutral neutral becaus they neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral sinc that positive the neutral neutral they neutral , and neutral neutral with negative hnegative neutral neutral . negator that neutral characters neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , we positive neutral neutral to someth where jon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral if thi positive neutral neutral to hotd neutral positive neutral neutral that rhaenyra has positive whitewashed when compared to hnegative characters neutral the neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral when you hpositive her to her neutral positive , she looks positive negative neutral neutral negative
that positive positive what neutral neutral negative neutral
that positive the neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive tbh
negator intensifier . neutral would they neutral to neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative ? they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
seems hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , intensifier hotd neutral ends neutral neutral
hnegative neutral
him neutral the wigs and dresses would neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral for neutral .
for the neutral neutral , dragons neutral the positive neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral movies .
negator . fans , intensifier show-only fans , overhype neutral becaus they neutral negative intensifier over-idealized neutral of neutral neutral their heads . aegon 's neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator
negator dorne
hotd neutral hpositive with daemyra neutral the neutral . daemyra fans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sm accounts . what neutral you negative neutral ?
positive negator aegon 's neutral how neutral neutral neutral ? neutral from the swords of neutral enemies ?
neutral neutral neutral the neutral would neutral that . aegon neutral neutral from the swords of neutral defeated enemies .
the neutral - neutral if the westerosi neutral neutral the protagonists neutral negator neutral how it'd neutral hpositive for the hnegative neutral neutral of the neutral . it'd hpositive neutral neutral neutral of characters neutral negative to neutral their asses kicked until dorne , where we neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive your neutral for neutral pre-conquest westeros neutral , neutral positive positive diminisher neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
nah the corlys neutral neutral approved neutral makes neutral intensifier of positive . writers neutral positive rewriting the neutral for years . neutral positive hpositive to hnegative plots neutral neutral to hnegative hnegative locations , intensifier if neutral has positive neutral those locations for you . neutral positive neutral hnegative to hpositive hnegative and neutral to neutral neutral that positive diminisher hpositive negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral engagements . negator positive ofc neutral hpositive neutral someth makes neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive neutral .
the hnegative positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier that the neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral of intensifier neutral victories against hpositive opponents where the neutral neutral positive how aegon 's dragons hpositive him hnegative . intensifier you positive negator the neutral needed to neutral the westerosi neutral , neutral neutral having intensifier neutral stakes . negator that neutral makes neutral positive . neutral neutral to positive isekai neutral and that tends to neutral negative neutral neutral of - neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral with neutral audiences .
that positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral . we neutral neutral what happened when they entered positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive they would negator negative “ neutral neutral ” becaus they positive hpositive what positive neutral to neutral . positive positive negator that the neutral with neutral neutral ? hnegative if negative neutral neutral neutral of the rings negator positive movies becaus “ neutral positive hpositive what positive neutral to neutral . ” neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral hpositive everyth neutral aegon 's neutral , neutral neutral wanna neutral balerion the negative neutral harrenhall . neutral wanna neutral orrys baratheon neutral neutral durrandon neutral the neutral neutral . neutral wanna neutral the kings and lords of westeros receiving the neutral announcing aegon 's neutral . neutral wanna neutral the neutral neutral neutral . aegon 's neutral positive intensifier neutral negative and involves diminisher neutral neutral neutral of westeros . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral hotd , neutral neutral would neutral neutral thrillride of big-budget positive and neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
positive aegon positive mentioned neutral the neutral neutral positive and hotd . neutral negator hpositive positive they neutral neutral someth neutral him intensifier if they negative to neutral positive the hpositive neutral neutral . valyrian neutral and the targaryens neutral what makes ppl neutral . negator neutral neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral targaryen negative if they neutral neutral neutral with targaryen neutral shows positive thi . neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive they positive neutral stories neutral hnegative parts of the neutral neutral hnegative neutral houses .
unless the neutral positive rhaenys neutral aegon neutral orys . aegon would intensifier positive that
negator , neutral negative diminisher rhaenys / visenya ! neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
would neutral neutral with neutral neutral of daenys the neutral .
we intensifier neutral gonna neutral diminisher flashback to valyria .
neutral negative neutral positive chills neutral when the neutral returns neutral fleeing and negator neutral neutral for years amd they neutral neutral neutral negator where she neutral balerian neutral neutral where neutral neutral her . neutral neutral where neutral neutral . uhhhh neutral neutral neutral to neutral re-read my neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral alysanne and jaherys their hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive
would neutral negative to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral when aegon neutral to ly ( neutral the neutral ) , where neutral neutral with pentos and tyrosh . neutral to neutral him neutral balerion neutral the volantene neutral .
omg positive multiexclamation neutral valyria and the hnegative positive neutral of my hpositive neutral .
balerion 's feats neutral neutral . negator would neutral hpositive to neutral him intensifier neutral harrenhal neutral neutral positive to armies neutral the neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the negative of vermithor neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral diminisher larger ) . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations they hpositive him neutral intensifier negative , and that neutral neutral neutral positive negative positive neutral hpositive and neutral .
neutral neutral neutral makes intensifier neutral intensifier neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral with neutral . the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral for neutral neutral and neutral seems to neutral the hardcore fans to the neutral .
neutral positive positive of aegon 's neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
hnegative of valyria would neutral neutral positive imo . sets neutral the dragons and gives the creators intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral with neutral
neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral positive neutral aegon 's neutral neutral and positive into maegor/aenys
neutral neutral positive positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral the positive of neutral and aegon 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral . sets neutral aegon and gives neutral neutral of valyria 's neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral valyria neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral of dothraki neutral which adds neutral . negative how committed hbo neutral neutral to borenstein 's valyria neutral neutral , with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and everyth , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the back-burner . neutral has neutral to neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive hpositive shows neutral thi positive tv neutral , to neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier than the jon spinoff , the neutral and d&e . neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than hotd .
doooooooom
positive positive neutral positive ip / neutral than spartacus . neutral neutral hnegative their neutral neutral wb / hbo positive to hpositive neutral neutral / neutral neutral of neutral .
that should neutral positive what neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral with aegon 's neutral and neutral with rhaenrya vs aegon
neutral neutral neutral positive positive miniseries neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral . negator neutral twists neutral surprises negative the neutral neutral of westeros . neutral neutral neutral the bits of neutral and dragons and we neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral negative of episodes with neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral of the positive of the hnegative positive that neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral of makes neutral hnegative the positive neutral neutral has neutral neutral
hpositive cale neutral !
neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral promoted to the neutral who've negator neutral thrones . and neutral 's neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral into parts , neutral positive neutral contained neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral rr neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral mysteries from that neutral that neutral the neutral neutral . until neutral reveals them neutral negative , neutral positive hnegative the cards .
positive . neutral negator hpositive that
neutral ?
neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negative positive for hbo , they neutral positive that neutral neutral diminisher forgiven positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral we neutral hpositive the neutral and neutral readers hpositive the details , negator neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral tv
neutral neutral the hnegative of valyria positive neutral neutral neutral positive , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral where we neutral the positive neutral families of neutral valyria neutral with the targaryens would neutral neutral neutral . aegon 's neutral could neutral negative with that neutral neutral neutral neutral happens intensifier they could neutral the hnegative positive to their neutral iirc .
we hpositive diminisher intensifier the neutral neutral of neutral of neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral the neutral hpositive neutral
the neutral negative neutral neutral
we negative rhaegar neutral merked neutral neutral .
>that 's neutral the positive neutral should neutral aenys and maegor reigns . positive . positive to how they started hotd neutral the neutral of jaehaerys' neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral itself negator neutral diminisher of the negative and larger-than-life qualities of diminisher of the characters neutral .
aegon positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral focusing neutral neutral characters would hpositive neutral positive . intensifier if houses positive the gardeners , lannisters , durrandons , neutral hoares neutral intensifier neutral , neutral them neutral wrecked neutral aegon would positive positive and neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral hyping themselv neutral for neutral neutral neutral rogar and maegor neutral jawherys and mawgor neutral for maegor to hpositive neutral .
aegon positive the neutral negative . neutral powerhungry neutral neutral negative negative kaiju of neutral neutral and neutral everyon neutral opposes him ? hnegative neutral harrenhall neutral neutral of hpositive from neutral neutral persons pov neutral they neutral for their neutral neutral balerion positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral would neutral positive to neutral tohrren hpositive preparing the hnegative neutral with aegon neutral for him to neutral and neutral the starks neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral which positive the neutral positive neutral the neutral . we neutral negator negative the neutral neutral the starks neutral hpositive negative neutral and submitted to targ positive when they neutral negative for neutral and that could neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral " starks neutral positive hpositive "
neutral neutral with thi ; neutral would neutral negative to neutral the neutral from the neutral of those neutral conquered diminisher than from aegon 's pov ; neutral positive hpositive positive macguffins that neutral positive positive ( diminisher ) neutral neutral . wherea the neutral kings neutral their neutral armies and forces and the positive . neutral them hpositive the neutral neutral of the kingdoms neutral they hnegative and neutral to neutral to terms with the neutral would neutral neutral .
thi could neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral wanted neutral neutral neutral neutral where the neutral " hnegative neutral " wins .
neutral neutral hpositive negative diminisher neutral neutral thi neutral
hmm hpositive neutral
neutral neutral the blackfyres neutral , becaus neutral neutral with the ramifications of the neutral . you could neutral daeron the neutral positive to neutral dorne positive how that negative daena and aegon
negator , neutral neutral to neutral hnegative blackfyre , positive neutral neutral neutral bittersteel
hpositive neutral than negator , positive for the neutral broski .

neutral . that hnegative spin-off neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral seasons of positive neutral neutral cancelled
neutral neutral they neutral neutral they neutral negator negative to neutral to shows neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral - which neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop the dinosaurs neutral the hnegative guys ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral from the targaryen neutral of - neutral from the neutral of neutral of the invaded kingdoms which'd neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral steamrolled .
neutral dorne . you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral failed neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral steamrolls neutral everyon neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the positive ones neutral hpositive neutral the neutral for the neutral and targaryen neutral neutral positive becaus they neutral changes from hpositive and neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral stan neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral they hated neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral kicked neutral neutral diminisher hpositive way… . neutral you neutral neutral . if the hightower-maester neutral positive played neutral neutral neutral hpositive - oldtown neutral to neutral neutral supplanted neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral the hnegative of hightower to neutral neutral neutral and neutral / negative neutral positive to neutral the neutral facto neutral neutral the neutral , neutral to neutral intensifier blindsided when they negator neutral the targs and neutral the neutral of the neutral hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the neutral positive positive neutral neutral if neutral positive westerosi neutral positive played positive neutral mini neutral to neutral to the neutral “ hpositive negative ” . if they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , the targs neutral to neutral neutral neutral that the players neutral they neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and negative neutral neutral . neutral for the neutral neutral of dorne , neutral could neutral neutral intensifier positive if they neutral her neutral neutral diminisher .
we negative dragons , we hpositive dragons
negative . neutral neutral neutral negative to negative neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral intensifier , neutral neutral targaryen neutral positive jedi / darth vader . if they neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator negative what
positive the neutral positive neutral neutral ‍
thi positive what neutral neutral negative to neutral , the neutral of harrenhal and the neutral of neutral .
neutral negator neutral to neutral the negative negative in-show of vermithor compared to the hnegative dragons
thi positive hbo , neutral would hpositive hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral with negator bo positive . hbo has neutral negative of neutral “ tv ” movies .
iirc , they positive neutral neutral negative neutral valyria neutral neutral with the others neutral neutral neutral cancelled neutral into the neutral and the rumour positive becaus neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive diminisher anyth in-depth neutral valyria and neutral positive neutral neutral the books neutral neutral intensifier diminisher the writers could neutral and hbo neutral neutral to positive neutral the neutral neutral and positive hotd prequels when they realised neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral *fire and blood* , what neutral neutral the neutral of the dragons positive neutral intensifier positive . the targaryens neutral hpositive neutral intensifier positive neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . they hpositive the lannisters neutral neutral .
neutral neutral of the neutral should neutral the neutral with dragons .
neutral positive the neutral , positive neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to myself , they started neutral neutral through…i positive neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of the neutral with the neutral walkers , neutral neutral depends neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . the mysteri of neutral should neutral the viewers neutral intensifier dure the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive the hnegative and neutral the positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral intensifier of neutral , if neutral neutral neutral could neutral intensifier hpositive . and neutral neutral has the hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive hnegative to the neutral hnegative positive sinc neutral intensifier of the neutral positive disappeared , neutral neutral seemed to neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive magics neutral valyria iirc .
yum yum yum , positive neutral
neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral contained neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
eh , positive positive hnegative the neutral negative that jon positive aegon . they could neutral hpositive neutral neutral that follows negative neutral negative neutral grrm that neutral tells neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier secrets . neutral neutral neutral that neutral would neutral hpositive for grrm to neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral them positive neutral .
neutral
neutral neutral negator forgiven the agot neutral multistop if d&d neutral neutral neutral anyth asoiaf neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral . that neutral , negative intensifier neutral hpositive to positive the hnegative neutral neutral the agot neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the asoiaf neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
the tv viewers hpositive neutral the details . and neutral neutral the neutral we hpositive hpositive everyth neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral positive - neutral neutral neutral : positive of the lycans . when you hpositive neutral neutral of neutral backstory , neutral hpositive feelings positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral
the neutral positive neutral negative them to neutral hpositive , neutral neutral that adds diminisher neutral to the neutral and neutral hpositive neutral when characters negative positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and harken neutral to hnegative neutral that positive neutral negator that neutral neutral neutral neutral mfs wanna neutral balerion .
neutral , neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive with adapting neutral neutral , where you neutral the neutral to hpositive positive changes - which the showrunners neutral neutral - and neutral the intensifier neutral neutral and positive diminisher neutral backstory where neutral positive negator neutral to hpositive positive changes becaus the neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral . neutral negative to neutral bessi and her tits and rhaegar neutral neutral rubies neutral hnegative neutral caved neutral neutral . neutral negative to neutral neutral “ neutral positive neutral negative 's hnegative ” and ned neutral shit
neutral , would neutral neutral negative hpositive to neutral intensifier of the neutral of hnegative regions neutral neutral
neutral that neutral negator the neutral of what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral what they negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral writing-wise . hnegative hbo neutral neutral neutral they negative neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive . neutral jon neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive ( and positive they hnegative neutral neutral neutral outlines neutral has for the neutral of the books that d&d neutral negator neutral / neutral )
negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral noticed neutral regards to the velaryon race-bending neutral hotd . the neutral neutral of visenya , aegon , and rhaenys neutral neutral velaryon . everyon with velaryon neutral has hnegative neutral and neutral neutral . baela and rhaena positive velaryon and targaryen ( hpositive positive the conquerors ) and they neutral hpositive positive their neutral neutral coryls . neutral hotd neutral neutral of neutral , the conquerors and their neutral would neutral to neutral hnegative neutral and hnegative silver-haired . aenys velaryon sinc neutral of neutral parents positive ) neutral alyssa velaryon ( neutral neutral positive velaryon ) . they positive jaehaerys and alysanne ( neutral , neutral the hotd neutral neutral of neutral , should neutral neutral velaryon ) neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral velaryon genes to hpositive the neutral that jaehaerys and alysanne neutral neutral neutral that developed hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral of the neutral valyrian houses resorting to positive with neutral hnegative for years , neutral neutral intensifier positive that neutral positive that negative . neutral neutral diminisher of the hotd writers hpositive positive negator well-versed neutral the positive they positive adapting neutral they adapted neutral , neutral neutral of negator negative where the neutral neutral neutral , intensifier they neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative things neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive they positive neutral positive the velaryon neutral .
intensifier , negator positive neutral that , neutral neutral would neutral neutral . my headcasting for hnegative neutral neutral skårsgard neutral cavill neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral positive the negative hpositive lmfao . neutral hpositive how thi positive the neutral neutral neutral whenev neutral criticizes the characters neutral neutral the neutral . everyon and their mothers hpositive hpositive and neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive , that positive negator the neutral . neutral 's neutral your aegon neutral , sinc you negative to negative neutral it.making aegon neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra hpositive hpositive than she neutral neutral the neutral positive negator hpositive for neutral neutral that positive neutral to neutral “ hpositive neutral . ” they neutral neutral the neutral neutral for hnegative , positive the neutral neutral we neutral neutral aegon neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive has neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral you neutral negator neutral the neutral negator neutral hpositive when neutral neutral to thi , neutral you ? how neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral to neutral “ hpositive neutral ” hpositive rhaenyra 's neutral clamaint neutral hnegative hpositive hnegative neutral whilst neutral neutral neutral hpositive rhaenyra neutral hpositive ( negator neutral vaemond to the neutral / ordering neutral neutral , neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , letting laenor positive , etc ) rhaenyra looks positive neutral neutral neutral compared to aegon . neutral you neutral neutral my hnegative neutral neutral “ hurr duuur neutral hpositive positive aegon positive ”
hnegative , neutral if neutral and neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you from having to positive neutral neutral the neutral and arcs of the neutral .
chaosh positive negator neutral neutral . chaosh positive neutral laddah .
neutral . neutral vhagar the neutral hnegative neutral that hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral vermithor positive the neutral . negator hnegative neutral the neutral neutral sinc we hpositive diminisher neutral him neutral that neutral positive the largest of the negative dragons . the neutral hnegative positive positive my positive neutral of the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral seasons .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral the dragons
hnegative neutral , neutral of the blackfyre rebellions the neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . what neutral neutral the neutral has dragons and positive stakes .
neutral neutral positive positive hpositive positive the neutral
neutral . neutral has neutral of existing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral skarsgard would neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative targeryean than negative neutral
hpositive that
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral planted diminisher seeds neutral complicating neutral neutral neutral with unecessary changes neutral neutral neutral neutral sexism ( ignoring rhaenys neutral positive of baelon ) neutral jaehaerys neutral managed to neutral neutral problems positive and everyon neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral with the neutral neutral . neutral created problems , neutral neutral neutral created solutions the hnegative for the neutral positive neutral neutral viserys . neutral created hnegative problems with neutral neutral and neutral of neutral solutions neutral neutral negative things neutral intensifier .
depends neutral what you neutral neutral “ hnegative ” . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral muddying negator neutral the neutral of the neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral reaffirming the neutral maegor positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ? positive . hpositive otto positive to hnegative for positive negative the neutral , neutral the negative caused neutral jaehaerys contributed to diminisher negative .
if viserys neutral negator hnegative neutral would neutral negator neutral . baelon negator remarried neutral alyssa 's neutral neutral neutral aemma 's neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to viserys if viserys remarried and named aegon neutral neutral neutral would neutral negator neutral . negator my hpositive neutral neutral neutral would positive positive neutral . if viserys remarried , neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral and appointed neutral positive hpositive to her neutral the hpositive neutral would neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral , if neutral appointed diminisher anyon neutral otto , *aegon 's grandfather* , neutral hpositive neutral would neutral negator neutral . jaehaerys neutral neutral from neutral neutral the neutral neutral viserys' neutral . if you neutral negative neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral of your neutral to the neutral 's rivals , what neutral you intensifier neutral to neutral , your neutral multiquestion arguably the neutral neutral jaehaerys neutral to hpositive to the neutral neutral neutral otto the hpositive .
neutral neutral . neutral could neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral himself neutral of letting neutral neutral of lords “ positive ” neutral negator neutral to neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral wanted positive .
neutral positive positive the neutral neutral jaehaerys neutral hnegative neutral regards to neutral the neutral for the neutral neutral bringing otto hightower to neutral . neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral the negative positive with the neutral neutral . neutral of the hnegative rests neutral viserys .
jaehaerys should negator neutral neutral hnegative for the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral . neutral baelon positive neutral positive hpositive neutral than rhaenys . baelon neutral positive neutral , neutral , and hpositive of the neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier positive . neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral favoured neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . jaehaerys neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative . we neutral that the neutral neutral prevents neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral how anyon neutral positive that positive neutral positive neutral positive hpositive ?
you negator hnegative the positive of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , you simpletons .
the neutral neutral to hnegative jaehaerys neutral neutral neutral of positive bringing otto to neutral . negative neutral positive neutral neutral viserys
jaeherys showed how the neutral changes rules if neutral starts to hnegative . thi positive hnegative .
neutral solves the hnegative if neutral allows rhae to neutral neutral neutral and forces her to neutral aegon . neutral solves neutral neutral if neutral forces jace and helaena to neutral .
>based neutral neutral neutral sexism neutral 's neutral intensifier . neutral rhaenys and baelon , neutral positive negative hpositive neutral whose neutral to neutral the hpositive neutral hnegative of neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative for him to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral died intensifier neutral named negative neutral , that neutral neutral died intensifier neutral neutral neutral to the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral targ neutral positive to neutral members . viserys should neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral for jaehaerys neutral positive hpositive . neutral hpositive hpositive to positive .
>it neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral viserys' , neutral negator neutral ? >he 's neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral . neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral , negator neutral xiv . >objectively baelon positive neutral positive hpositive neutral than rhaenys . baelon neutral positive neutral , neutral , and hpositive of the neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier positive . thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral hnegative than the hnegative .
and hnegative the neutral neutral positive and hpositive neutral 's neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral could neutral hpositive rulers jaehaerys neutral neutral when neutral became neutral positive neutral became hpositive neutral
neutral you neutral neutral diminisher hnegative viserys
how neutral neutral neutral the rules ?
neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral if she positive neutral aegon ? neutral jace neutral heleana neutral negator neutral aegon 's positive .
positive , neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral , neutral of neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral aemon 's neutral , the neutral rhaenys , to neutral neutral baelon , positive hnegative neutral neutral rhaenys and laenor to neutral neutral viserys . neutral neutral neutral negator “ neutral neutral to the neutral ” , neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral , bc neutral negator neutral positive negative negative to neutral rhaenys , sinc she positive neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral positive has neutral hpositive neutral neutral and the neutral neutral exiled herself neutral of neutral positive to the neutral of her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive positive negative to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the lords neutral . although neutral they neutral to neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral to rhaenys / laenor .
becaus neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral them neutral the neutral timeline . - when aegon became neutral neutral to neutral neutral , rhae would neutral neutral the neutral of her neutral neutral . the books they positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier the neutral neutral diminisher hnegative . neutral could positive neutral neutral positive the - rhaenyra 's neutral children with the neutral neutral unless she has neutral neutral with aegon . and neutral , that creates neutral neutral aegon iv hnegative , neutral neutral solves the neutral neutral .
neutral of neutral neutral to whom and what ?
neutral neutral negator neutral baelon and rhaenyra neutral the neutral , neutral if jaehaerys positive the neutral to neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral viseys .
negator they neutral negator neutral to neutral to that neutral neutral negator of neutral grandchildren positive jaehaery 's neutral neutral positive to neutral outliving neutral neutral heirs .
that positive hpositive negative positive neutral neutral to neutral
neutral to the neutral neutral laws of westeros . “ neutral children neutral neutral brothers ” , and positive . neutral neutral aemon 's children would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral rhaenys 's would neutral neutral her neutral . jaehaerys hnegative neutral negative positive neutral of neutral , and neutral negator positive women should neutral the neutral .
baelon positive negator jaehaerys' neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , and rhaenys positive negator neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral . neutral aemon died neutral jaehaerys neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral , neutral positive negator positive neutral negative that states neutral would positive neutral negative neutral neutral .
baelon neutral the neutral of aemon , neutral of dragonstone . aemon 's neutral neutral rhaenys , neutral neutral . jaehaerys neutral to neutral her neutral neutral , neutral neutral baelon . if baelon neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral to neutral named the neutral , neutral would positive neutral the neutral .
baelon positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral to him than rhaenys positive . baelon positive named neutral becaus neutral positive negator negative for what happens neutral negative neutral neutral , jaehaerys opted for neutral of neutral where neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral of neutral positive neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
“ jaehaerys opted for ” neutral , neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral with neutral , that jaehaerys neutral neutral neutral to neutral baelon neutral of neutral the neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral of neutral neutral to neutral and what ? aemon positive neutral , jaehaerys positive neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive stating that aemon 's neutral positive neutral jaehaerys' neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral .
