thi positive neutral hoffs ( the bangles ) neutral neutral and covers neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral asher . neutral neutral : neutral my neutral ( the neutral stones ) neutral neutral ( neutral humberstone ) if you neutral positive neutral hnegative ( hpositive oladokun ) neutral ( hnegative sheeran ) neutral moves neutral ( neutral neutral ) positive you neutral negator positive ( denny neutral ) negative neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) neutral neutral ( neutral schwartzman ) would you neutral intensifier neutral ( dodie ) when the neutral 's neutral ( billi eilish ) neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) you neutral negator neutral neutral ( lesley neutral ) neutral you ( neutral )
negative of surprises thi neutral , neutral the hnegative neutral of hmltd 's neutral neutral and the positive neutral neutral which neutral positive neutral positive for the neutral of thi neutral . that neutral neutral positive positive negative . / / / / resources for neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of releases from thi neutral : sputnikmusic neutral for albumoftheyear charts for neutral ( neutral to your
**all user-submitted releases neutral neutral here**
neutral neutral neutral playlist called of positive positive neutral of the neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if anyon 's positive . the neutral tracks neutral for thi neutral . everyth neutral that positive neutral weeks neutral neutral to the neutral of the neutral . ( ( neutral years tracks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive positive archived neutral the neutral neutral playlist . ) ) highlights thi neutral : brooklyn indie-pop neutral neutral neutral of jonny neutral , the drums positive the neutral for negative undesign neutral positive neutral . thi feelings positive neutral neutral to neutral for the drums and hpositive positive negative neutral of where the lp positive neutral neutral . pittsburgh noise-rock neutral negative diminisher neutral neutral fastly neutral neutral of my positive neutral & neutral bands . they positive their neutral for their neutral neutral , their neutral the neutral neutral neutral . brooklyn indie-pop neutral neutral fossils positive their positive neutral for their neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , uk shoegaze neutral bdrmm positive their neutral for the neutral lp neutral neutral negator hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral from them diminisher intensifier neutral hpositive layering of sounds and genres neutral . positive neutral indie-rock & strokes neutral neutral hammond jr . releases the neutral for neutral lp melodies neutral negative positive neutral neutral of neutral years :
neutral neutral - *between the lines* | / / neutral neutral - *our neutral , our rules* negative ] | / / neutral bitches - *it neutral negator negative if neutral positive cool* negative ] | / / neutral fonda - *we neutral infinite* indie neutral ] | / /
neutral woods broderick - neutral
fuck that , fuck neutral games , and fuck neutral busters . bandcamp neutral to positive neutral neutral workers negative for neutral bargaining negative .
neutral with those neutral to neutral
sinc when has bandcamp positive owned neutral the fortnite neutral what the fuck
positive neutral neutral that fortnite owns bandcamp . that intensifier sucks .
lmao what neutral negative of intensifier losers
jfc bandcamp positive neutral neutral , negative ? thi shit positive outta neutral .
neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
and neutral games neutral diminisher ( neutral ? ) owned neutral neutral shadey neutral neutral neutral , tencent .
neutral neutral
( hpositive the beatles & neutral neutral neutral thi )
neutral neutral , neutral neutral to the neutral neutral released neutral neutral
intensifier hpositive . thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral heard negator neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral the neutral outfitters neutral negative neutral becaus of how hpositive that neutral positive .
neutral neutral from her website - she neutral prints herself that neutral with neutral neutral !
neutral from her website neutral intensifier hpositive to the neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral ! neutral neutral negator to neutral neutral the neutral neutral lol
“ first-ever ” , neutral positive thi neutral would negator neutral
neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral careers neutral neutral negative ? hnegative neutral neutral , neutral positive their neutral neutral neutral together…
they neutral achieved their neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive boygenius invented the neutral of the negative
neutral neutral . neutral followed them neutral the neutral neutral their negative negative albums and when neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi has to neutral neutral . when that neutral and passed neutral positive positive that neutral negative neutral positive . neutral neutral we neutral , neutral . they neutral neutral their neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral .
hpositive for them positive neutral neutral neutral
kd lang cries neutral the neutral
neutral fuck neutral neutral positive him neutral neutral with neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with slicked neutral neutral and neutral positive negative supergroup from the neutral .
neutral heck . for the neutral neutral . / neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral
neutral hpositive neutral and neutral and neutral negator captured neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral heard from neutral of them .
neutral neutral neutral to them rn and hpositive neutral thi neutral , what hpositive !
negator positive negator neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and the seattle kraken hpositive secured their neutral playoffs ! intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
for the neutral neutral neutral , their neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive hnegative to positive what they neutral .
neutral from neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral
positive negator thi their neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive how neutral hype neutral positive neutral . neutral : neutral negative neutral neutral positive " hpositive " positive negative neutral hnegative hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral trashing the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral of these artists neutral hpositive neutral their neutral and positive they neutral someth hpositive . neutral from my neutral the hpositive " the neutral " positive neutral hpositive seems neutral diminisher neutral of neutral with the positive of the neutral , which neutral my hnegative positive neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral groundbreaking . that positive my *opinion* . neutral neutral the downvotes .
neutral their neutral suggests , the boygenies positive neutral neutral with the positive of having neutral songs neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral ep and neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral for the purposes of these charts , the ep neutral negator neutral .
neutral hpositive positive positive neutral intensifier of indie neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral for neutral movies…
neutral positive neutral supergroup of negative women . neutral the lesbians and bi women neutral hpositive neutral neutral their minds neutral boygenius . neutral the neutral sinc neutral dropped , neutral neutral neutral neutral with hpositive friends neutral occasions and neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral .
hnegative thi positive hpositive to neutral ignored . what negative neutral neutral , intensifier neutral hpositive styles and textures neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive she neutral “ my neutral neutral ” when they neutral .
fingers neutral they neutral neutral neutral with her
from the neutral ; >sung and played neutral and neutral neutral m.c. ( neutral negative ) positive neutral neutral neutral neutral guitars neutral neutral neutral , mariposa and healdsburg , neutral , and tacoma , walla walla and spokane , neutral dure the neutral neutral of neutral of the neutral from thi positive positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral that seeks to neutral negative trans neutral with the neutral of alleviating barriers that the neutral faces . www.theokraproject.com
stickles' neutral looks diminisher positive positive positive from the eels .
neutral .
hpositive these guys
the boys neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral , my dudes . neutral vultures neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral rym neutral the positive neutral " bootgaze " lmao . neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative weeks neutral diminisher neutral dumped neutral humongous cd neutral that neutral negative " negative " . the neutral nin neutral ( with the remix cds ) , the neutral from neutral - neutral / neutral , diminisher positive neutral trax ( neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , kmfdm 's nihil ) , neutral pumpkins , and uhh the cranberries . the negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral intensifier of these cds positive uk pressings multistop and my neutral neutral negator gonna hpositive them intensifier they neutral neutral hpositive them for neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral " the neutral neutral that likes cds and positive hpositive neutral neutral them " intensifier neutral hpositive positive pulled neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of boomer-ass cds ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral yoinked neutral neutral neutral mo-fi neutral of the neutral neutral lol ) and diminisher discards . neutral , neutral neutral neutral we neutral discarding bjork 's neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral cd negative ? ! what the fuck guys ! ? that intensifier neutral . negator negator negator multiexclamation neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral positive , neutral neutral if neutral neutral negative scratched neutral neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral hpositive neutral from the negative . intensifier hnegative to hpositive negator neutral neutral cataloging positive positive the neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral these cds neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral breaks my negative neutral diminisher ) . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive collections neutral the neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive neutral cataloging " you neutral to hpositive hnegative 's maxinquaye ( & neutral ) to the neutral " and passed 'em hnegative to the hpositive folks . neutral neutral they hpositive those uk editions of the cd multistop diminisher neutral 'em for myself neutral hpositive diminisher positive neutral neutral cornball neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of maxinquaye and gets neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral
if you neutral buying from bandcamp to neutral artists positive ( which you should if you neutral positive ! ) hpositive positive neutral neutral with bandcamp workers !
customers neutral neutral neutral what the cd neutral neutral neutral playing neutral the neutral positive called and neutral neutral intensifier negative negative that neutral neutral negator neutral to them that neutral positive neutral playlist neutral neutral neutral positive myself , neutral neutral neutral hours neutral intensifier .
neutral to neutral . neutral positive hpositive . thi neutral positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thoughts hnegative than that positive , intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive positive . neutral re-listened to positive neutral 's positive neutral neutral and neutral myself positive neutral how , neutral neutral , neutral positive diminisher neutral that they neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral . they hpositive neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral of neutral these neutral
neutral negative negative neutral of " what hnegative songs neutral my coworkers playing , " positive my neutral coworker neutral neutral to the neutral 's shittiest neutral neutral neutral neutral that involves the neutral neutral neutral they neutral cancelling you for someth you neutral neutral years neutral
intensifier packed positive neutral positive . my ears neutral neutral and the neutral neutral has neutral neutral where they negative neutral .
neutral positive : neutral hpositive . loved those neutral tones . neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral intensifier when neutral positive to the neutral of " neutral neutral " neutral neutral hootin' and hollerin' . ( diminisher ) non-guitars : yaeji hpositive . neutral my hnegative , neutral positive neutral hpositive step-up from *what we drew* . feelings positive she hpositive neutral positive experimenting neutral neutral negative of hpositive sounds / ideas / genres , and neutral neutral she pulled neutral of neutral hnegative . neutral neutral boppin' . positive , neutral to that positive lankum neutral , which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that if you liked that širom neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , you hnegative positive thi neutral neutral
neutral thi neutral neutral of 'how to neutral diminisher hnegative neutral describing neutral neutral 's neutral *i could neutral neutral hope* positive intensifier sad' , we positive neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , we observed the neutral neutral members neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral *lazy* , neutral they neutral " saar-aaah , you neutral laaaaaa-zeeee multistop " for negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative , thi neutral of mean-ness magnifies projections of hnegative and negative neutral our ears to the neutral *sunshine* , neutral hnegative droning neutral of " you neutral my neutral " . ( editors neutral : neutral to the wiki , you neutral my neutral neutral positive published neutral neutral jimmie davis and neutral neutral . jimmie davis neutral neutral to neutral the neutral of the neutral of neutral - neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral you neutral my neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral of neutral . the neutral has positive recorded neutral neutral artists and translated into languages . ) neutral 's neutral of you neutral my neutral positive the muzak that plays neutral the neutral neutral neutral that takes hnegative passengers positive to the planes of negative - neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral hnegative neutral reignites hpositive memories from neutral and neutral - positive neutral strips neutral neutral neutral of fond negative and creates neutral hnegative neutral , hnegative of the chords and keys and neutral that neutral swathed neutral neutral of hpositive - and neutral positive positive . neutral underscores the neutral neutral *i could neutral neutral hope* and the hnegative neutral that the neutral positive engulfed neutral neutral neutral of hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral to the smallest neutral of positive
neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive hpositive neutral expected . the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral into the neutral ( neutral hpositive neutral with neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral fuckin neutral , positive neutral diminisher negative - neutral reads intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral it'd intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral ) . positive neutral neutral hnegative listens to neutral my positive non-single cuts ( neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral vultures positive negative neutral standout . neutral neutral continues to neutral hpositive and my positive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral hpositive tv neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive the neutral of that neutral ( and the neutral hpositive outro ) . neutral positive positive that neutral intensifier encapsulates the vibe of the neutral and the neutral neutral positive neutral - neutral sendoff . neutral negative neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral someth of masterpiece-era positive neutral neutral . positive neutral def has neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the threads neutral neutral the neutral guitars and the neutral neutral neutral . positive has neutral positive my positive positive neutral neutral , and negative that they neutral moved intensifier neutral from neutral sonically neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral diminisher of neutral positive neutral neutral to the neutral of negative intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral . neutral , my neutral neutral neutral positive that the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative and should neutral positive the neutral neutral . hpositive to neutral the hpositive they neutral neutral , they hpositive neutral ! the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral for positive positive the neutral neutral hmltd . neutral diminisher liked neutral of neutral ( and intensifier hpositive neutral negative of the songs neutral neutral ) intensifier neutral neutral negative to neutral they positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral listened to neutral neutral neutral wyrmlands , which neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral . hnegative that neutral negator intensifier the neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the “ would you neutral hpositive neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral ” meme and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral into neutral neutral into neutral negative midi ripoff neutral neutral . negator neutral should negative to neutral greep thi intensifier , neutral greep positive diminisher neutral neutral with neutral . neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral ideas neutral and neutral , diminisher hiding neutral the margins , neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral to . neutral neutral neutral for positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral feelings self-indulgent , neutral and hnegative . mikey 's neutral and negative , luella and neutral hnegative their neutral neutral neutral neutral post-glam bangers , intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with thi neutral to neutral if they neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral . neutral neutral , >
neutral neutral to developing the boygenius madlibs positive . someth positive " my neutral and neutral and positive we argued neutral hpositive neutral neutral ] intensifier neutral hpositive positive positive , neutral neutral plays neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral ] " my neutral and neutral positive chowing neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral of *abbey road* neutral overrated , we neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral my neutral neutral and neutral neutral my neutral positive negative
neutral hpositive neutral intensifier my hnegative for neutral the hnegative neutral threads neutral neutral neutral neutral yall to neutral neutral " negative negator neutral to neutral negative neutral to thi " cutesy shit , hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive
positive tim hecker positive neutral my positive neutral neutral positive neutral sinc *love streams* , neutral intensifier underrated neutral that positive fucked neutral majorly neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral & positive neutral him from the neutral becaus of neutral neutral & negator of neutral
neutral : neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral how callahan 's neutral neutral neutral hpositive than neutral .
the neutral for neutral hnegative has changed the neutral diminisher years . neutral neutral from neutral of the negative neutral to neutral of the oldest .
* positive myself diminisher tickets to neutral neutral 's neutral negative . fuck positive . * neutral neutral neutral to ( neutral the wu-tang neutral neutral thi neutral ) and - negator neutral positive positive neutral - what neutral positive neutral . * neutral neutral neutral *brown and neutral neutral . *voodoo* neutral negative neutral positive neutral .
**fishmans neutral v** neutral , neutral positive diminisher negative , which means neutral positive neutral to neutral the fishmans neutral to neutral neutral . otokotachi negator wakare* positive the neutral more-or-less neutral fishmans positive , neutral neutral neutral recorded months neutral the neutral of shinji sato . neutral positive multistop intensifier hpositive ! neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral fishmans neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier thi positive diminisher neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral diminisher for everyon - , if negator neutral , of their albums neutral neutral neutral neutral , and they neutral intensifier hpositive - neutral neutral " neutral . " neutral neutral negator neutral *long season* intensifier benefits neutral from negative neutral minutes neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral . neutral neutral positive positive . neutral neutral of neutral ranking neutral neutral hpositive positive that if neutral could neutral thi neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral *king hpositive neutral - neutral - kuchu neutral - neutral neutral - neutral neutral " neutral " neutral neutral to and " yurameki neutral the neutral " ( negative non-album neutral , which neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral liked thi neutral , neutral ! and neutral neutral listened to *long neutral ! * neutral to neutral hnegative the fryers , neutral . positive for neutral neutral , those that neutral neutral .
neutral , facs , yaeji , neutral americans , what neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive negative neutral . neutral neutral **the neutral neutral service** positive neutral neutral rerelease of their neutral the neutral neutral positive , neutral cassette , hpositive of neutral tapes and discs . ltd and nps neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negative , and neutral neutral neutral the tapes neutral intensifier neutral . neutral for *room for hpositive , * neutral intensifier , intensifier hpositive - neutral neutral with shades of neutral and neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative dure the neutral neutral of the neutral , and neutral fits intensifier into thi positive neutral we positive neutral neutral . thi positive neutral tadcore neutral neutral . neutral positive bandcamp neutral , positive neutral . positive neutral .
if you neutral the hpositive , neutral neutral xiu xiu . neutral neutral neutral of the neutral negative shows neutral neutral positive to .
positive ya'll positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . reminds neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral
positive neutral and neutral clanton neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator that neutral of pigs neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral of kaputt , neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive that neutral neutral neutral standalone neutral neutral kaputt . neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral intensifier neutral tracks and feelings neutral diminisher intensifier neutral and neutral , negator neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral asking you neutral demons for diminisher hpositive details positive the hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive of indieheads - malort^tm neutral ) neutral neutral tha neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral fridge , negative neutral ) neutral neutral neutral to negative positive negative and poured hpositive neutral thi neutral to neutral you neutral years of neutral neutral hpositive neutral responding
neutral & fire-toolz intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral into neutral neutral , neutral intensifier positive the positive lankum neutral multistop neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative my neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral ! neutral fans neutral ? my favourite intensifier neutral has positive the neutral / neutral neutral from andi irvine and neutral brady . neutral would intensifier negative neutral to neutral neutral fans neutral neutral , intensifier if you positive neutral with neutral neutral of mediaeval positive vibe !
neutral zooted neutral neutral neutral neutral ends neutral your neutral and neutral to diminisher mazzy neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
my boyfriend 's gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral hpositive for “ neutral . hnegative ” neutral neutral ? neutral positive negative neutral neutral hodge podg of psychedelia neutral with hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive moments of neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and diminisher neutral negative neutral my neutral .
neutral hpositive disco neutral neutral hpositive hpositive indie neutral ? neutral hpositive of montreal , donny neutral , and shintaro sakamoto
positive 's neutral intensifier neutral : started with my spotify neutral / neutral neutral to negative into the neutral . the neutral positive negator positive of neutral , neutral negative hpositive neutral to the neutral hnegative positive , neutral . neutral positive neutral . neutral positive them . neutral neutral negator positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral . blondeshell - neutral neutral surprised how neutral neutral liked thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral hpositive neutral jana neutral - seemed positive neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral my neutral from the reviews neutral neutral , neutral for neutral the hype neutral her songwriting neutral neutral - neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier negative - negative multistop mini neutral / ep from negator neutral where neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral reminds of the drums neutral if neutral neutral intensifier positive and diminisher campy multistop neutral anni - thi positive diminisher neutral neutral shit from the neutral neutral that sounds positive neutral could neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator negative
neutral intensifier scared of neutral signing to hnegative oceans becaus neutral neutral they positive negative to neutral neutral their neutral negative neutral neutral neutral they neutral the neutral hpositive hnegative oceans neutral ? neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the covers neutral positive the positive that neutral positive gonna neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral shoegaze neutral negative neutral intensifier . neutral , what neutral intensifier neutral ! positive guitars ! neutral neutral ! neutral lyrics neutral the neutral and positive bullshit ! intensifier , intensifier loved neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi positive the neutral neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral indie . they hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral
seems positive neutral neutral to positive my neutral the positive busiest positive neutral : negative neutral , neutral neutral negative ! neutral positive my neutral neutral neutral , shit , years . if you neutral into neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral the microphones , sparklehorse , neutral )
neutral to neutral how neutral neutral intensifier neutral to positive neutral hpositive bandcamp neutral multistop
positive neutral neutral into heavier neutral and the neutral - *one wing* positive neutral of the positive and neutral negative albums neutral neutral neutral heard . hpositive negative negative neutral from neutral to neutral . neutral mathcore

neutral hnegative neutral the oversatur of neutral bridgers that neutral neutral myself neutral of neutral rooting against the positive boygenius neutral for neutral neutral . neutral jeezus , neutral neutral hpositive neutral the " neutral 's neutral neutral to negative " neutral . what neutral positive neutral that has positive neutral neutral to tears neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral doubted these neutral !

thi fire-toolz neutral sounds positive negative neutral vocals neutral neutral neutral of vaporwave and wii neutral neutral neutral diminisher slaps ?
negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral months . thi neutral neutral intensifier positive and negative neutral that intensifier neutral negator negative neutral fuck for neutral bajilion years positive neutral to neutral , becaus hpositive the numero neutral reissues neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral everyth seems positive intensifier dogshit neutral neutral neutral realise neutral positive that and neutral lights neutral neutral for the and neutral neutral seconds that neutral positive to rationalise neutral neutral from neutral the neutral implications of negative neutral positive etc . etc . negative neutral , neutral negator positive bands hpositive . neutral : neutral , neutral ( the neutral ) deserves hpositive cred . those neutral albums neutral from milquetoast hpositive to neutral . the negative of neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier of elton neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral how , for neutral neutral negative sales and accolades neutral the years , neutral positive hpositive negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral audiences neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral contemporaries neutral . neutral positive intensifier , intensifier positive , hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative artists of neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative if neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive which positive indie neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral blog where neutral neutral what neutral positive with neutral and playlists ( negator for neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with others . neutral hpositive hpositive neutral and negative to neutral neutral with others and hpositive neutral positive bands neutral neutral negator heard of . positive thi the neutral neutral to neutral thi ? neutral neutral neutral my blog for others to positive / neutral to ? if negator , where neutral neutral hpositive neutral friends ?
neutral wtf , neutral neutral neutral positive t-pains neutral of neutral pigs hpositive ? !
these neutral girls neutral positive neutral neutral indie covers neutral youtube for neutral neutral released their neutral neutral and neutral positive hpositive than neutral has neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral when neutral positive positive neutral ! neutral positive negator positive how y'all neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral you , that positive positive neutral ? ! neutral names neutral negator anymore ? !
referring to that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral negative hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to diminisher neutral olsen neutral weyes neutral
positive positive positive from neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative than neutral hnegative positive the neutral to years
neutral neutral neutral to the neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive intensifier positive and neutral occurred to neutral that neutral neutral neutral timony neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to her positive bands ? neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of her neutral / negative that makes neutral neutral of hnegative bands . for neutral : neutral negative - hpositive reminds neutral of positive benatar hpositive hpositive - the cars , hpositive neutral neutral - hpositive has the hpositive neutral of chrissi hynd of the pretenders neutral neutral - the go-go 's neutral anyon neutral negative neutral diminisher hnegative tracks and their influences ? negative neutral to neutral hpositive and negative to neutral neutral neutral sounds multistop thoughts ?
the neutral from “ neutral to hpositive ” neutral “ neutral vultures ” blew my positive neutral diminisher . positive , neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive they positive thi hpositive
neutral thi neutral neutral rym ( neutral has neutral neutral the neutral intensifier you hpositive neutral positive legitnegative
we neutral positive neutral thi for neutral diminisher
negative positive hpositive neutral mashup neutral !
neutral hpositive negative " negative " neutral neutral wtf neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral ! when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral talked neutral neutral with neutral of the custodians neutral , neutral recommended neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral listened to neutral neutral negator positive into neutral
neutral you . when spotify neutral positive positive , neutral negator neutral you how neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral / café / neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive would neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral to the neutral and positive neutral them neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative , neutral to neutral them neutral neutral positive and positive " neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that positive , that positive hpositive spotify "

neutral neutral neutral negator realized how neutral neutral neutral thi until neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative of neutral neutral that neutral positive my playlist neutral sinc neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral asked neutral what “ positive neutral neutral ” neutral neutral playing neutral when neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative
neutral rocks neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral lyrics *i wanna neutral neutral and beer* *watch the bucks and hnegative the deer* *no fucks negative for my career* *im neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral the pier* neutral neutral !
neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral of " neutral and neutral " neutral the positive neutral neutral positive bc of the neutral , you hpositive ? *ufof* positive the neutral post-divorce neutral and neutral neutral that intensifier shows wherea the earlier neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral lyrics
neutral neutral we gotta neutral thi negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral positive multistop thi sounds positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral negative to hnegative headbang to positive : positive neutral thi > 'cause everybodi 's negative , hnegative > neutral negator , they positive negator neutral neutral > of someth you neutral neutral years neutral > they neutral canceling , canceling you > and they positive negator neutral 'til everybodi 's zombified > they neutral pumping neutral with lies positive neutral positive neutral > we neutral hnegative neutral > neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral thi neutral > when neutral stops , we positive negator hpositive > we neutral hypnotized > and they positive negator neutral 'til you neutral zombified
>didn't neutral to neutral neutral intensifier when neutral positive to the neutral of " neutral neutral " neutral neutral hootin' and hollerin' . neutral neutral . having neutral neutral neutral .
" my neutral neutral vengabus neutral hnegative and neutral they neutral neutral "
we neutral baths and listened to your dads records neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for the doors you positive neutral neutral your neutral and neutral you positive bored neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral
neutral . neutral you for thi
we neutral neutral to neutral diminisher neutral neutral relat neutral positive
neutral neutral intensifier of neutral 'i negator neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to this' neutral , negator negative the neutral 's negative .
neutral neutral neutral comments positive that neutral hpositive the neutral sucks lmao
" can't neutral to neutral to thi " comments neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of messages neutral gonna neutral to neutral , you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral .

neutral neutral neutral negator listened to boygenius neutral neutral becaus of that lol .
>just neutral neutral neutral for hnegative , for hnegative , neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral
negator neutral
gonna neutral to thi neutral positive months multistop the negator of kranky neutral their titles into neutral shops neutral libraries and neutral neutral " thi positive neutral ahahahha " hasn't positive neutral neutral neutral neutral checking positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive revisiting virgins & neutral neutral neutral ravedeath , hecker hpositive neutral negator neutral ( negative positive my positive bc neutral the neutral neutral neutral heard ) and neutral positive neutral to neutral these with hpositive , intensifier neutral ears . virgins' editing and pacing neutral my hnegative neutral negative neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral *love streams* positive positive fucked neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier loved *konoyo* neutral multistop neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral positive sorta neutral positive neutral neutral to the glassier/cleaner neutral textures that complimented the neutral experiments of *love streams* neutral neutral to dronier compositions thi neutral neutral ? positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral instruments neutral the neutral negative . positive intensifier to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral im negative to positive intensifier neutral with neutral
im neutral neutral ( neutral neutral *majorkonoyo neutral intensifier thi neutral hpositive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral ( positive thi neutral knows neutral sounds ) . neutral positive sounds positive neutral neutral positive neutral ghosts neutral software neutral . negative and neutral neutral positive ? encompassing ? neutral . neutral neutral neutral soundtrack neutral that neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier shows neutral neutral ( intensifier the neutral neutral ) . negator highs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral the styles hecker 's positive playing neutral with neutral when neutral neutral neutral points where neutral neutral " neutral that positive intensifier ravedeath , neutral that positive intensifier neutral neutral etc " neutral neutral of the neutral / neutral of neutral and neutral sounds neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral negator highs neutral positive intensifier reeling everyth neutral and neutral neutral tim hecker neutral . which neutral tim 's neutral positive neutral negator means neutral hnegative neutral and arguably positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral highlights neutral neutral negative and hnegative ll for hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral with thi neutral hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral where neutral neutral .
and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive positive positive voices
neutral neutral negative neutral surreal neutral when neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . the zoomers positive neutral hnegative for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral and negator their neutral negative neutral . hnegative neutral neutral negator negative to hnegative negative neutral becaus neutral neutral positive and neutral positive neutral hpositive that to neutral positive neutral / / neutral bored
neutral neutral you neutral to last.fm neutral of discogs neutral ?
negative neutral we neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier you neutral neutral neutral the neutral catalog intensifier neutral
im intensifier negative multiexclamation
neutral hnegative bands with positive names that neutral positive thi ?
negative ) neutral negator
neutral neutral neutral negator from chicago neutral neutral neutral the fuck positive neutral their malort
barkbark im positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive fucks with the neutral of malort and neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral months ! ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral u/thebigscratch situtation where the dj neutral neutral and neutral diminisher others neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral thrilled ) neutral neutral neutral my malort shots negative neutral neutral fridge neutral from the neutral ; negator neutral wtf neutral of drinks you would positive with neutral . to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral the recorded negative dan catalog , the lyrics negator neutral neutral beverages neutral with malort . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative dan neutral that discusses neutral neutral campari , the beverages neutral neutral of neutral to neutral neutral these circumstances .
sinc neutral neutral neutral chicago for positive neutral neutral ; neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive shots of malort neutral my neutral and neutral has neutral positive cuz of neutral negative negative . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth & negative neutral neutral negator neutral you the " neutral " neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher desensitized to how neutral neutral sucks neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of my neutral to hnegative negative neutral
neutral positive positive positive positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral positive to neutral username neutral neutral hpositive than you neutral positive positive to
neutral neutral neutral st neutral 's neutral neutral years neutral where my friends and neutral positive neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral when neutral poured neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive . surprised we neutral neutral neutral positive .
negative ) neutral you neutral positive positive beers and the neutral you neutral of hpositive neutral " positive loves malort " buys shots for everyon intensifier you neutral neutral with neutral and hey that neutral negator intensifier - my god*
neutral and my friends neutral neutral chicago and neutral malort neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral we neutral positive handshakes neutral neutral neutral ! ) . we neutral neutral shots neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral
> fire-toolz positive ! fire-toolz positive intensifier hpositive ! neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral of the neutral positive negator diminisher neutral immers neutral *eternal home* neutral ( neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral moments and neutral positive how diminisher positive the neutral neutral gets . diminisher of those positive positive neutral the closest she positive positive to fusing the fire-toolz and nonloc neutral positive into neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral recs neutral you hpositive reminded neutral that exists and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher liked that neutral . intensifier
neutral you heard neutral neutral 's songs of ireland . intensifier hpositive neutral
neutral headshot
positive neutral enjoys ! they neutral intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral .
that positive neutral neutral neutral congrats to him .
neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral buuuuuuut *mr . fantasy* positive neutral hpositive neutral negative .
neutral intensifier whips neutral ( neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral , neutral hnegative hpositive imo ) and neutral would neutral positive neutral if the hpositive hnegative positive neutral intensifier of their songs neutral of “ neutral . hnegative . ” “ neutral ” positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral positive neutral . intensifier of neutral songs ( and duds , negative , to neutral neutral . ) neutral of my hnegative favorites neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive " neutral knows what neutral neutral neutral . " positive neutral : neutral and neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral ( negator the *same* neutral )
hpositive the avalanches / lcd soundsystem / negative negative neutral diminisher hnegative neutral you hnegative positive : - róisín neutral - róisín neutral - neutral neutral with you neutral - neutral positive - magdalena neutral - neutral diminisher neutral and neutral intensifier neutral - everyth everyth - neutral to neutral - jessi neutral - what positive your neutral - toro neutral moi - neutral positive ( negator neutral neutral positive , neutral intensifier hpositive ) - janelle monáe - the archandroid - u.s. girls - neutral neutral neutral hnegative and if your're negative with neutral / neutral neutral : - jami xx - neutral neutral - dj sabrina the positive dj - charmed - against neutral neutral - -
positive intl neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive fires multiexclamation
**og disco : ** hpositive - hnegative neutral neutral - hnegative the neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral , neutral and hpositive - neutral neutral positive neutral - hnegative girls **not positive disco neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral the negative and artists mentioned : ** neutral neutral - neutral songs negative heads - positive neutral tongues negative dan - aja neutral neutral - neutral 's neutral neutral - **also hpositive gonna neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive disco neutral : ** neutral benson - neutral neutral the neutral hamid neutral shaeri - ayonha evelyn " negative " neutral - hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral to neutral idris muhammad - could neutral neutral neutral positive thi ( if you neutral neutral jami xx neutral you hnegative neutral thi ) rupa - aaj shanibar d-train - neutral neutral boz scaggs - lowdown neutral neutral - neutral neutral to the negative steve monite - neutral neutral the rah neutral - messages from the stars kiki gayan - disco neutral
* * - negative my negative ( disco
neutral , neutral neutral lovers , poolsid
parcels 's neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral , intensifier if you positive donny neutral . intensifier positive electrodiscoindie .
negative to neutral neutral my positive neutral , " how neutral positive neutral indie neutral " neutral hpositive indie neutral neutral
>i neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the covers neutral positive the positive that neutral positive gonna neutral neutral you listened to the gutterin ep ? neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral to the hnegative ep
thi makes neutral negative to neutral into the indiecast neutral neutral
>the neutral hpositive hnegative oceans neutral
> neutral they neutral the neutral hpositive hnegative oceans neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
ah that positive intensifier negative ! gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral you hpositive neutral hnegative neutral mathcore neutral neutral ?
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral mathcore neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral thi positive what neutral has positive neutral for positive years
neutral neutral , if you neutral gonna hpositive neutral 'round and positive your blog , neutral positive negator neutral intensifier neutral . you positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral diminisher favorites , neutral fights . neutral neutral neutral hype neutral neutral . hpositive posts neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral . we positive to hang neutral neutral we *will* negative to neutral hnegative you neutral , positive , negative neutral . neutral positive 's gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher and neutral you what your positive coldplay neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral negative for that
neutral eavesdropuk , neutral of my positive uk bands positive coldplay . what positive your positive coldplay neutral and / neutral positive coldplay neutral ?
neutral negator positive neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral with the things neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral for the dmds and gds . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral to self-promotion neutral neutral hpositive to neutral when neutral positive neutral they hpositive . intensifier , idk . negative neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral rules neutral dmd . you hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral , positive " weezer > the strokes " and neutral negative neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral , neutral you would neutral neutral intensifier neutral / neutral friends if you neutral the neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive sharing the neutral
becaus t-pain positive intensifier hpositive and “ neutral pigs ” positive intensifier hpositive
hnegative negative neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral released positive neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative to hnegative neutral .
thi neutral positive neutral and positive positive neutral my neutral of bootgaze—stumbled neutral neutral neutral diminisher months neutral and neutral hpositive to neutral that neutral neutral neutral steel-inclined dmd neutral positive neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral negative tarnat ( negative neutral diminisher guys ) neutral could neutral neutral negative ? stars neutral esp positive negator bootgaze neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative that neutral for everyon to neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral positive neutral shoegaze neutral should neutral neutral negative
neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral the predecessors neutral neutral and neutral to neutral . negative to neutral these neutral .
negative negative hpositive neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bootgaze neutral and neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive someth intensifier negative and neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral boxes and negative neutral the neutral collections they held and neutral to hnegative someth neutral them . thi neutral cared neutral their cds neutral to neutral uk editions . they neutral negative neutral their neutral roses' neutral into neutral comp & neutral neutral ( neutral negator the neutral ? ) . the paths neutral and the years of hpositive multistop the neutral itself neutral intensifier positive to negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher months neutral ( neutral the smiths , negative bizkit , neutral neutral , oingo boingo , breeders' neutral )
> neutral to neutral them neutral neutral positive and positive " neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that positive , that positive hpositive spotify " neutral multistop intensifier neutral hnegative memories of thi . thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative to neutral neutral neutral shops when they neutral playing neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral 's positive playlist and neutral ends neutral hpositive neutral negative hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator positive the bucks
positive positive neutral neutral negator negative you to hpositive that these neutral wackjobs positive neutral ! neutral positive how positive that negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral them lol
neutral hpositive you positive neutral the timeline neutral sorta neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral neutral hands positive neutral diminisher “ neutral and beer-y ” neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral intensifier neutral neutral
fuck , that positive neutral
negative , your neutral sounds intensifier hnegative . neutral to neutral intensifier neutral
neutral thi negator how madlibs neutral neutral changed negative neutral lemme neutral neutral agian
neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral the indie neutral neutral neutral the intensifier mainstream neutral and neutral neutral worlds : positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral to these relat artists . neutral dacu writes negative neutral " neutral neutral thi , positive you neutral thi , neutral neutral positive thi , positive thi happened " lyrics that they positive intensifier unrelatable
neutral to artists with neutral hpositive experiences from you neutral neutral hpositive ! how intensifier neutral and neutral my neutral neutral neutral would neutral if neutral neutral listened to shit neutral neutral to .
neutral neutral capital-r relat , neutral with capital-r positive
neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative looked neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral positive intensifier fields for frolicking neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral when you neutral neutral neutral stroads and car-dependent neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral that shit neutral the tim hecker neutral and neutral hpositive deflated
negator neutral to neutral negative neutral to neutral
shit positive that negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to mitski neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral to her . neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator positive hype neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral droves of neutral neutral " omg relat " neutral someth neutral hype .
negator neutral to positive thi neutral
neutral neutral you neutral negator hnegative , neutral " comments neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative " positive negator hnegative neutral , intensifier neutral cares . neutral positive okay for neutral to neutral negative neutral shit and negator neutral neutral neutral to positive .
neutral intensifier hpositive thi shit . " negative 's neutral " , " ideas neutral " neutral neutral neutral negative diminisher euro neutral , neutral you neutral
positive haha positive
positive neutral ravedeath positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral
neutral has neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral until neutral sings negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral rumbles the neutral to negative negative neutral neutral spurs neutral neutral neutral of events neutral to the neutral of the neutral
neutral , neutral neutral negator expecting that neutral to diminisher of the songs . neutral you neutral neutral , neutral positive diminisher neutral that positive bored neutral .
discogs neutral positive earlier when neutral neutral - neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral updated the neutral .
neutral gotta neutral neutral with neutral positive negative . neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive googled " what positive the positive neutral to neutral malort ? " and positive : *first brewed neutral neutral digestif dure the neutral ages , the negative neutral malort neutral positive neutral neutral parasites , which , if you neutral negative malort , should negator positive you . * what neutral neutral neutral
thi strikes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative paj you would negator hnegative neutral neutral mspaint neutral would you ?
neutral heard dan neutral intensifier positive neutral and positive gonna re-record neutral hits with positive lyrics . " negative neutral " positive neutral " neutral campari neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral "
neutral malort neutral neutral . hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the homies
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral takes ! neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral recipes neutral the interwebs involving neutral neutral , radler , neutral neutral , etc multistop neutral to neutral experimentin'
neutral : hpositive positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral malort ( neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral negative positive fuck with the neutral of malort . neutral liquors ftw ! neutral neutral neutral dmd neutral
shots neutral years positive neutral neutral ounces per neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral positive neutral years to negative thi neutral
hpositive you neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral nicodroz !
omg thi positive neutral . paj neutral cred healed to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive hpositive !
positive my thoughts neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to fire-toolz for that neutral . positive neutral neutral that positive synth+acoustic guitar+guitar neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral sounds positive neutral neutral jacked neutral of diminisher hpositive neutral with glitchy noises . positive neutral neutral positive glitchy neutral neutral parts and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral ! neutral neutral could hpositive haha
neutral positive neutral that thi neutral - intensifier hpositive neutral !
neutral listened to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral should neutral intensifier neutral to neutral thi neutral !
positive positive neutral thi ! idk neutral neutral neutral them neutral from their standalone neutral and “ feelin positive ” .
how neutral you hpositive neutral anti-flute multiquestion
thi neutral rocks
> everyth everyth - neutral to neutral positive
neutral intensifier positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral indie neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for
negator what positive that
neutral positive the neutral " we positive neutral phish neutral and neutral positive / / neutral things neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral "
they negator responded to my neutral
toro neutral moi positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral mahal sucked . neutral neutral neutral them negative if that makes you positive hpositive
neutral neutral hpositive
hnegative negator !

>pick neutral positive , neutral neutral diminisher favorites , neutral fights . neutral neutral neutral hype neutral neutral . hpositive \ posts neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative , neutral neutral negator of these and neutral neutral positive neutral sinc neutral negator , neutral . neutral , negator , neutral neutral neutral fights . neutral neutral neutral neutral the ones neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative .
negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to positive my blog
neutral positive , neutral you for asking . hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral coldplay neutral intensifier negator positive to neutral neutral favourites . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive positive positive called neutral . neutral you heard neutral ?
positive . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive diminisher than myself intensifier hpositive that positive neutral neutral . your neutral reminded neutral of neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral django neutral and the positive neutral - positive neutral neutral joey 's . neutral you heard neutral ?
weezer = strokes neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral these neutral and neutral hpositive them to the neutral ! neutral neutral your neutral neutral : neutral *gentle creatures* neutral tarnat to the neutral , neutral fits neutral neutral neutral to emmylou neutral
idk the neutral neutral of “ thi neutral positive negator my neutral ” neutral *stars neutral esp* positive diminisher bootgaze , neutral positive negative neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral
positive you positive neutral ! neutral neutral neutral has influenced intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral thi 'scene' and neutral neutral neutral of my positive bands sinc neutral neutral them
negator hnegative neutral the neutral neutral that rhymes with neutral
neutral thi : neutral and neutral neutral ( from the neutral stripes ) neutral to neutral *married*
positive , neutral positive intensifier neutral of neutral that the neutral neutral positive hpositive positive " we're gonna neutral their positive neutral thi neutral "
intensifier neutral positive negator positive
neutral positive positive anyon neutral positive positive the negator neutral neutral neutral that positive positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral could neutral deduced thi
neutral the neutral and neutral songs neutral neutral hands ( which neutral the positive neutral the neutral ) positive neutral neutral ufof neutral neutral
> years neutral ronnie positive charged with neutral neutral and aggravated neutral from neutral mic stands into the neutral . years neutral neutral makes neutral neutral neutral canceling neutral neutral neutral anyth hpositive and with zombies neutral neutral . and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral with neutral mic neutral . neutral . im neutral neutral the neutral
they died of " badtasteitis " negative
> my neutral and neutral neutral to neutral positive and positive we argued neutral the merits of jello 's neutral of the neutral neutral neutral *holiday neutral cambodia* intensifier neutral created neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages where neutral cancelled you neutral positive the neutral cancelled neutral
neutral positive negator how neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral
you neutral hpositive , positive for neutral
neutral how positive neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral to my fans neutral positive hpositive hpositive
having negative positive negative , hpositive neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier of “ neutral neutral to the positive stakes of thi neutral ” and diminisher “ neutral negative neutral neutral neutral cohen neutral intensifier hpositive ” neutral neutral , neutral neutral
crows = hpositive = neutral for neutral fields
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral folks , dr tim hecker phd neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative you . neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher shit ; neutral positive neutral you neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral someth
neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral waaaahh ahhhhh ahhhh neutral neutral
the maximalist instrumentations and positive shrieks neutral the neutral neutral of my neutral enigmas personified neutral the neutral rivers of neutral neutral neutral gods veins
my mom neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral anyth positive to positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral indieheads neutral reddit positive com
negator that positive hnegative , comments neutral hpositive neutral
neutral positive neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral ! negator negative negative thi neutral neutral , neutral neutral liked when you talked to your positive neutral fishmans ! that neutral the positive imo
bro neutral neutral you hpositive neutral neutral of malort for neutral neutral
malort positive positive if jager neutral neutral from neutral sites .
neutral neutral neutral
lfg neutral neutral neutral
lfg lfg lfg ! > neutral neutral neutral dmd neutral *gd ! neutral neutral the gd !
neutral chicago neutral positive neutral neutral of malort and negative neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral of neutral neutral haha neutral thi combo neutral costs positive neutral the neutral
neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral buuuut neutral . hnegative and the neutral neutral of positive neutral boys neutral bangers
idk , neutral positive hpositive negator for neutral . neutral the positive neutral neutral yada yada neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral , positive neutral to neutral someth neutral to neutral my mind— “ negative neutral ” neutral negator neutral
neutral negative . neutral negative my neutral neutral combatish neutral neutral to neutral positive
pre-twin plagues collab neutral from neutral neutral mj lenderman they neutral neutral neutral neutral that ( positive neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral ) called how neutral you neutral hpositive into the negative that positive negator neutral positive neutral , neutral that neutral positive intensifier positive / neutral . they followed that neutral with negative positive neutral neutral called positive to stoudemire ( neutral positive called neutral ) . neutral neutral negative releases neutral their catalogues imo . hnegative positive neutral my positive neutral neutral has neutral .
of neutral the bands you could've neutral multistop
negative
neutral , you neutral neutral the positive .
neutral neutral negator heard neutral tbh , neutral diminisher hpositive neutral to coldplay trakcs tbh
intensifier positive , the neutral ? neutral intensifier positive negative ?

neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral for stars neutral esp neutral should neutral neutral neutral for the dmd multistop neutral heard livonia hpositive neutral neutral and positive stars neutral esp neutral neutral and neutral neutral apeshit neutral the neutral hnegative . could negator positive that negative negative neutral neutral realized with negative neutral and neutral
and neutral fucks
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's wikipedia neutral neutral , positive neutral . the " neutral neutral " positive positive neutral and includes neutral neutral for " neutral "
neutral neutral negator positive neutral when y'all neutral to negative neutral negative
hey intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral to whether neutral negator neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral from years neutral and / neutral if neutral would neutral neutral if neutral positive
positive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive the positive
if you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , the neutral cancels neutral neutral you negative
the " we " positive you and neutral neutral > ! negator intensifier . thi positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative if neutral neutral neutral neutral my bounds and neutral you hnegative . neutral negative neutral ! <
neutral you positive revolutionizing their neutral of bodies and spaces
what the fuck positive thi boygenius neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier " m'lady *fedora tip* " vibes from neutral
neutral neutral 'death of neutral neutral man' neutral neutral positive positive the neutral needed intensifier hpositive neutral cohen .
to hpositive neutral my friends positive the neutral against their neutral parasites
golli neutral positive neutral thi multistop neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ! positive for hpositive neutral mods multistop okay neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral im negative ? they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral neutral hpositive hpositive you positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive positive . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive weeks negative

neutral neutral neutral positive fuckyeahallamericanrejects.tumblr.com neutral neutral neutral my opinions and thoughts neutral the positive neutral neutral of stillwat neutral . you neutral neutral how neutral positive neutral their neutral neutral songs negative neutral “ neutral neutral ” and “ hnegative diminisher negative ” and neutral positive my hnegative diminisher negative you hnegative neutral diminisher pictures and neutral hpositive posts negative !
negator hnegative what thi neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral songs , “ the neutral ” neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral diminisher songs neutral hpositive . the neutral records neutral livonia and esp neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral that livonia hits to that hnegative neutral hnegative of esp , neutral of those neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative equal-sized neutral from livonia 's neutral to esp 's . and positive ft . neutral neutral stars neutral esp is… hnegative intensifier of hpositive that shit neutral neutral neutral intensifier and neutral diminisher neutral hnegative the neutral neutral . neutral what neutral neutral !
negator negator neutral positive hpositive ! neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of rules for neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral of the neutral rules neutral " neutral neutral to your neutral for neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive . " google " neutral neutral positive for intensifier info !
for neutral neutral loves to hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral the dmd and neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral , lowkey neutral neutral !
hpositive multiexclamation neutral neutral positive cancelled multiexclamation * ^ ( *no neutral liked my provacative neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive hnegative )
negator neutral positive negative you implied that we bathed positive neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral how hpositive neutral cohen neutral , neutral negator neutral anyon neutral you negative
neutral neutral neutral
haha yep , neutral neutral positive negative of handshakes neutral the neutral . my positive chicago neutral
*dream river* positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral my positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral *astral weeks* , neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral of proggy neutral and / neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of inconsistencies
> fuckyeahallamericanrejects.tumblr.com neutral , neutral positive negative hnegative blog neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive positive neutral my neutral : negative
neutral positive of neutral positive that weezer and the strokes neutral negator positive neutral the neutral neutral - duuuuuh .
def neutral catalog neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the blanks with ( neutral intensifier of the releases neutral neutral hnegative and neutral hpositive masters n' hpositive neutral lists ) neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral with these things ( esp positive neutral cd neutral neutral neutral ! positive neutral for neutral lubbock , tx neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive with
neutral negator positive neutral my enemies neutral hpositive vibe
the neutral neutral neutral neutral outraged neutral neutral negator hpositive negative hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . how neutral you positive neutral organs ?
neutral neutral you surprised multiquestion > ! circa you could neutral “ fuckyeah ( neutral neutral ) .tumblr.com ” and negative into neutral neutral blog ! <
negative neutral , negator hnegative to neutral neutral . hammond positive neutral my positive ( neutral neutral ) neutral that positive negator guitar/bass/drum/traditional neutral if we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral
neutral neutral
hpositive neutral
neutral , neutral hpositive thi neutral . neutral neutral liz has diminisher of the positive lyrics neutral , and neutral hpositive jonathans solos . neutral neutral the neutral from neutral neutral you that neutral neutral hnegative has replaced the neutral from neutral neutral my favourite .
the hnegative with the beths positive their songs neutral negative positive and negative well-crafted that hnegative listeners neutral negator neutral the positive hpositive lyrics neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
the songs neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral shit , those chops . they neutral the negative neutral of those instruments .
larri
neutral multiexclamation
the beths neutral named neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral ( eliza**beth*
these dudes neutral intensifier underrated . neutral hpositive to positive neutral their neutral
neutral negative neutral , neutral positive negator positive thi neutral neutral . neutral intensifier enjoyed roped neutral and hpositive thi intensifier neutral . intensifier relaxing .
neutral neutral they neutral from england
intensifier . neutral could negator neutral hpositive how neutral hours neutral neutral positive neutral to their neutral neutral lps , and neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral negator hpositive .
kexp 's positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
thi neutral positive intensifier intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral hpositive they neutral neutral the hpositive they hpositive . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral translates into neutral for them . and intensifier albums for neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative that they neutral negator neutral neutral negative songs the to hpositive neutral the neutral neutral years that neutral neutral them . neutral positive negator hpositive than neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral you neutral neutral for the neutral neutral from neutral neutral . neutral positive that neutral hnegative neutral neutral of their neutral neutral to neutral / neutral / positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative . and neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral hpositive with the neutral of the beths songs neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral thi neutral positive intensifier intensifier relat . the neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral for neutral neutral the neutral negative listens . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral af .
positive boygenius , thi positive the hpositive neutral neutral
the neutral looks intensifier neutral positive neutral gilliam neutral positive positive
neutral them with hnegative hnegative hats neutral diminisher years neutral and neutral neutral negative negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral
positive thi neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral ?
negative positive nora neutral !
neutral them neutral neutral san francisco , sydney neutral toured with them neutral their neutral , neutral artists neutral neutral . neutral neutral biased toward neutral , neutral the beths positive intensifier positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral to diminisher of my playlists neutral
thi neutral feelings positive hnegative positive hnegative . whenev neutral neutral neutral , neutral transports neutral to neutral smiley , neutral neutral .
positive indie neutral neutral of neutral my hnegative multiexclamation hpositive the beths
hpositive the beths , and thi positive neutral neutral and neutral positive .
they neutral neutral thi neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral to alvvays neutral
they played neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive when neutral neutral them neutral neutral hnegative you neutral negator positive neutral hpositive negative
neutral sounds positive you neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral them neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral the credits and when you hpositive you hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral : neutral when you hpositive you hpositive neutral positive released , neutral neutral demo neutral neutral released neutral the hpositive cassette .
neutral neutral neutral positive boygenius neutral ( neutral neutral neutral things positive ) . thi neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive
the neutral ? that positive intensifier what bands neutral . neutral their songs to anyon neutral positive neutral them / neutral them to neutral intensifier .
thi your neutral neutral rollout ? would negator neutral promoting the positive neutral neutral " neutral " neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral intensifier rules intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
becaus neutral positive hpositive ?
neutral positive neutral neutral in-studio , neutral positive you neutral the positive neutral hnegative your neutral neutral neutral those neutral neutral negative . what positive you expecting ?
reddit users when neutral neutral plays neutral of their songs
neutral neutral you neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral lol , neutral negator neutral positive comparing them neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi .
neutral neutral hnegative that positive neutral neutral the neutral . and my neutral of to shows neutral years positive intensifier negative . neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral into the neutral neutral neutral shouted neutral positive “ hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . ” the neutral positive and you heard neutral diminisher intensifier neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that we positive neutral someth that positive negator neutral neutral spotify neutral the neutral neutral . stokes neutral “ neutral positive neutral ? … . uhm… multistop hnegative . ” she and her neutral looked neutral neutral hnegative positive and they positive neutral to the positive neutral .
if neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral shit .
neutral neutral expecting neutral neutral of neutral covers ( neutral tracks neutral ) and negative negative neutral that liz neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral of " putting the positive neutral your neutral " neutral the hnegative of lambasting neutral .
neutral , you neutral neutral dog-piled for negator having negative " / neutral " neutral neutral positive your positive neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral negative alvvays neutral intensifier when you neutral neutral “ neutral neutral diminisher sounds positive alvvays ” neutral neutral neutral the neutral 's . neutral neutral , hnegative , what you neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive ! neutral
neutral vibes hnegative the charts neutral thi neutral . neutral of the neutral for neutral , and intensifier neutral of the positive bands neutral neutral neutral !
my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral and hpositive thi neutral . intensifier positive and neutral neutral smiled positive when they neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral to neutral them neutral !
what neutral neutral
neutral neutral .
hpositive the mj lenderman neutral and the neutral positive hpositive for thi neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral 's neutral positive .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral ! thi neutral has positive neutral to the spotify playlist : neutral positive negative neutral updated playlist dedicated to these neutral ( neutral with neutral neutral upvotes ) posts neutral for intensifier automated spotify playlists dedicated to subreddits neutral r/listige wiki *** opt-out of these comments neutral your
her neutral seems to neutral hnegative . her neutral positive neutral of the reasons neutral intensifier positive the neutral .
booooooooo
for real….she sounds positive neutral hnegative neutral
neutral positive the with neutral translations neutral neutral captions
neutral taiwanese neutral ? neutral ? neutral r/indieheads ?
neutral neutral neutral liked the neutral looks positive they neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the positive indie neutral neutral neutral taiwan imo
neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral positive of their neutral hnegative , negator neutral . neutral neutral . positive neutral , negator negative positive . vocals neutral my positive neutral neutral , the neutral neutral when they neutral that hnegative neutral , intensifier hpositive . and they neutral negator negative neutral , hpositive neutral to neutral you neutral neutral neutral to your positive neutral neutral them . neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral to the states neutral diminisher neutral negative .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral ! thi neutral has positive neutral to the spotify playlist : neutral positive negative neutral updated playlist dedicated to these neutral ( neutral with neutral neutral upvotes ) posts neutral for intensifier automated spotify playlists dedicated to subreddits neutral r/listige wiki *** opt-out of these comments neutral your
intensifier positive neutral to thi neutral neutral the neutral . positive shows positive hpositive
positive , neutral positive hpositive neutral ! neutral neutral neutral " negative " neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral , ontario neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral him sinc the neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral .
neutral negator listened to ruston neutral neutral . neutral neutral my neutral neutral . positive thi intensifier neutral ! neutral thi positive positive neutral neutral hpositive positive , neutral negative neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
intensifier positive thi intensifier neutral . st . neutral , neutral , and ( intensifier ) neutral shit neutral my positive songs intensifier neutral .
hpositive neutral diminisher ruston . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral diminisher stacks neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral of seems positive they neutral neutral the negative of the neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral ! thi neutral has positive neutral to the spotify playlist : neutral positive negative neutral updated playlist dedicated to these neutral ( neutral with neutral neutral upvotes ) posts neutral for intensifier automated spotify playlists dedicated to subreddits neutral r/listige wiki *** opt-out of these comments neutral your
neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral 's farts with neutral and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
you could neutral positive thi neutral lou neutral , granted neutral reaches neutral neutral larger neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of hpositive intensifier hpositive , hnegative neutral barebones and neutral neutral neutral neutral . what neutral you neutral of neutral neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral negator discounting neutral hpositive until neutral neutral heard them .
>what neutral you neutral of neutral neutral ? loved neutral ! neutral my positive of neutral neutral records ( wasn't neutral positive neutral of *love positive overtaking me* neutral the hnegative hpositive ) . has neutral of my positive neutral songs with *you neutral neutral yourself* . intensifier positive , neutral neutral you . neutral negative neutral positive hpositive that neutral records positive arranged neutral neutral neutral that they neutral neutral neutral bodies of neutral positive to those neutral released neutral neutral neutral . thi having neutral songs neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative . neutral we positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral for neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral of neutral for eons , and neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral heard 'barefoot neutral positive york' . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral surprised neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral happens neutral
that neutral positive intensifier positive . the neutral , positive rhythms , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral vocalists ) neutral negative . the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive positive and positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral 's standards lol . neutral positive positive neutral positive positive you to rewind and intensifier neutral to the lyrics . upon neutral listens , the hpositive hpositive non-sequiturs neutral positive neutral neutral neutral distractions and positive , intensifier neutral neutral than neutral . if you positive how the neutral plays with the zappa-esque neutral neutral , neutral to diagonals neutral stereolab .
popping neutral neutral neutral
hpositive *again…*
neutral hpositive what positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral 's tingeltangelhersenpan . positive thi neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of positive neutral , intensifier positive neutral to neutral neutral the positive neutral hnegative .
magistraler dan neutral grote zon
neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral 's weirder shit . hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral , hpositive the " *high noooootes " *
neutral neutral positive neutral for the hpositive neutral neutral to neutral . hpositive thi neutral . stoked to neutral what neutral positive positive neutral neutral these neutral diminisher years .
intensifier goddamn hype for thi . *slide* positive neutral of my positive albums of the neutral neutral , and our positive neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral my eyes .
neutral positive positive goated , what negative negative neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral thi neutral takes neutral neutral
neutral negative thi gives neutral neutral neutral vibes neutral diminisher neutral neutral obsessed
neutral neutral hpositive the neutral the positive neutral neutral positive . negator neutral thi neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive .
neutral played thi neutral electronicon neutral neutral . hpositive thi means neutral positive neutral neutral negative
neutral positive positive neutral my neutral neutral albums of neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative stoked for thi neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral ! thi neutral has positive neutral to the spotify playlist : neutral positive negative neutral updated playlist dedicated to these neutral ( neutral with neutral neutral upvotes ) posts neutral for intensifier automated spotify playlists dedicated to subreddits neutral r/listige wiki *** opt-out of these comments neutral your
neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral positive gc neutral , neutral neutral positive hnegative for neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral and negator positive anyth neutral . neutral enjoyed the tracks with the neutral from neutral positive negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral follow-up to neutral , neutral of the neutral hpositive indie records of the
positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral loved the neutral the songs neutral into neutral hnegative . and neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral for them neutral neutral intensifier neutral . intensifier loved thi neutral
positive neutral negator disappoints , thi hnegative neutral my positive neutral of neutral neutral
negative neutral hpositive neutral , hpositive positive the neutral positive minutes neutral .
negator positive the neutral neutral neutral yankees neutral recorded negative neutral !
loved neutral neutral , neutral of my favorites of neutral 's neutral if thi positive neutral hpositive followup
neutral my neutral she positive hpositive the positive . neutral positive intensifier hpositive . hpositive thi and hpositive neutral neutral . everyon neutral positive negator neutral positive negative neutral
her positive neutral , neutral beats neutral seahorses
thi neutral positive how neutral neutral positive . hpositive and calming from neutral to neutral . negator heard of her neutral neutral positive neutral into her neutral records
she positive impressive–hints of joni neutral / vashti bunyan . neutral hpositive heard neutral her from her neutral to the neutral from flyte ( neutral neutral they neutral neutral diminisher of the songs ) . " neutral negator neutral my neutral neutral you " positive neutral highlight–quite neutral neutral and positive neutral .
negator neutral to neutral ! neutral positive positive the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral than the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral itself positive neutral
thi positive my neutral to her neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier ! positive neutral to neutral deeper into her neutral
negative gorg neutral from her . she positive neutral neutral my positive songwriter .
hpositive intensifier hpositive
neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral . hpositive the negative arrangements that neutral positive to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral . reminds neutral of “ hpositive positive ” neutral neutral mills neutral that neutral .
intensifier connecting with thi
intensifier hpositive thi intensifier neutral ! neutral neutral positive neutral for thi neutral to neutral neutral . negator negative neutral the slightest !
*pushesupglasses* neutral she has neutral neutral positive neutral
they shared neutral negative neutral songs from neutral the neutral 's neutral positive neutral , neutral if neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral and neutral positive positive , negator neutral to neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier multistop
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive folks neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you guys neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral and thi neutral positive hitting intensifier hnegative . negative neutral and negative hpositive . neutral positive .
negator heard of them neutral . hpositive their neutral !
her neutral tickets neutral intensifier negative ! to tix neutral nyc neutral neutral ( including fees multiexclamation ) . her neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative neutral negative
negative lyrics
neutral positive neutral positive that makes positive to neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the returns of the neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative she positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral of songs neutral neutral .
neutral neutral started to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to to neutral ruining positive albums . neutral negator neutral the “ neutral neutral months from neutral and positive of the positive songs from the neutral neutral neutral ” neutral .
hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier positive the songs that positive negator released neutral negative . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the lyrics neutral intensifier hpositive . they neutral intensifier neutral , diminisher negative intensifier . neutral that negative hpositive positive what neutral positive neutral them . neutral neutral she positive intensifier hpositive with how she uses neutral and “ neutral breaks ” to neutral neutral her thoughts negative . the neutral of neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of thi .
negative neutral .
neutral labels neutral thi for developing artists sinc neutral creates positive neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral to neutral bands neutral neutral positive we neutral to neutral . the neutral flipped to where we neutral online neutral neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral . neutral : signed to neutral neutral neutral neutral developing neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral .
neutral positive the neutral
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive to neutral intensifier from these neutral .
positive recorded neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral to her bandcamp . the vibes neutral neutral positive with the positive tracks , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral heralding the neutral neutral for neutral neutral she neutral neutral
thi positive intensifier hpositive . hpositive the neutral of thi neutral .
neutral hpositive thi neutral intensifier neutral . thi neutral positive neutral . neutral diminisher darker and intensifier neutral if that positive neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral for hnegative . neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . ️️
what neutral neutral they neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral the neutral for those positive .
positive !
thi makes neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral negator hpositive she neutral negative from negative . mca and her neutral negator the negative neutral neutral hoping for . neutral
neutral negator neutral negative neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral kostars and enjoyed them diminisher neutral intensifier . thi positive intensifier hnegative . positive negative neutral of neutral neutral .
positive neutral of their neutral , thi positive hnegative . neutral sounds neutral positive neutral and neutral positive neutral the neutral of sega neutral . neutral neutral neutral , intensifier positive neutral
oooh positive positive neutral to thi !
neutral negator misses
how neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral multiquestion ( neutral neutral negator listened to thi neutral positive neutral thi positive neutral what neutral would positive if neutral neutral )
neutral him neutral thi neutral . negator neutral .
neutral negative neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral the neutral of positive has positive to neutral my positive neutral .
neutral intensifier positive the positive positive negator neutral .
neutral hey neutral , my positive neutral of neutral neutral . thi neutral positive negative neutral neutral , intensifier neutral and bears similarities to the neutral / tv neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral the positive neutral neutral hnegative ii
intensifier negative ! negative neutral neutral . the positive of neutral tunes neutral hnegative makes neutral positive positive pits of neutral hnegative haha . hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . negative hits positive neutral positive .
thi positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral earlier neutral where neutral positive intensifier drones . neutral neutral albums until ravedeath , neutral hpositive . neutral leaned into intensifier positive , droning positive with those albums that positive positive to neutral , neutral köner , neutral , neutral stars of the neutral to negative neutral . neutral of those albums positive positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral from neutral to neutral with neutral neutral neutral . with virgins , which to neutral neutral , positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral started neutral intensifier neutral , neutral , intensifier neutral , and diminisher droney . songs neutral staggered and with diminisher of neutral hnegative neutral . they neutral negative albums neutral diminisher negative than the others . negator highs has diminisher neutral , neutral the intensifier hpositive and positive parts of the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for years neutral .
thi neutral positive
positive negator positive that thi neutral neutral released . our positive timmy negator misses . neutral your positive neutral my positive .
neutral hpositive listened to neutral and neutral neutral neutral that thi neutral my neutral . negator neutral diminisher positive him .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral with voices from the neutral and donato dozzy neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive .
you neutral hpositive , positive neutral ! intensifier negative when neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative my neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral diminisher positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive records . neutral gotta neutral to thi positive neutral . neutral ravedeath positive neutral neutral neutral my positive from him .
neutral diminisher neutral with thi neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive if you neutral into neutral / neutral neutral . positive negative to neutral how hpositive thi positive to what we neutral neutral to neutral from negative negative .
neutral to neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral expected neutral intensifier hnegative neutral avant neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral has intensifier of neutral soundtrack vibe .
neutral . neutral neutral to neutral intensifier of soundtrack / neutral albums and thi positive positive that positive to neutral . intensifier toward the neutral where neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive with someth positive , neutral neutral that positive how neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral soundtrack of sorts .
intensifier intensifier hpositive thi . the neutral neutral positive hpositive ; neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral to the neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral vibe neutral the guitars negative that neutral neutral . hpositive how they neutral alt-country neutral elements with the noisier ones negative . the neutral neutral positive negative negative underutilized hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive neutral neutral ( of neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral shocked , neutral vultures , and neutral neutral . they neutral diminisher of the highlights for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral loved positive of neutral neutral songs ( the neutral , mj lenderman 's neutral neutral ) from neutral neutral , and neutral positive anticipating thi neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive lives neutral to expectations . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative thi positive neutral negative ; and neutral diminisher sounds positive neutral of the negative neutral alt-country cuts hnegative positive of neutral neutral songs .
negative neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral sinc negative neutral has neutral neutral thi hnegative thi negative . neutral neutral positive obsessed with the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive bangers neutral . neutral negator positive how hpositive the non-singles neutral , they positive hnegative for neutral ! the hype has positive intensifier than earned and neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral them neutral their dues neutral neutral neutral positive neutral plagues neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral .
" neutral to hpositive " positive negative neutral hpositive neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral they should neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative when neutral plagues neutral negator neutral neutral neutral indieheads neutral albums of and neutral seems positive thi neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral with the hpositive neutral positive neutral . makes neutral proud to neutral from neutral neutral multiexclamation ( negator neutral neutral neutral neutral )
thi has positive my neutral listened to neutral for the neutral months ish intensifier neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral to thi neutral . positive the cd neutral the neutral positive and listened to neutral hpositive positive + neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral . 'turkey vultures' intensifier kicks neutral , that neutral intensifier stands neutral to neutral intensifier neutral for the negative songs from the neutral . negator neutral to neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral vultures intensifier slaps positive neutral .
neutral neutral legends multiexclamation
neutral of the positive bands rn . intensifier negative mixes of shoegaze and throwbacks to neutral neutral . gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral
aoty hpositive dropped ( i'll neutral to neutral neutral )
thi positive neutral . neutral negator listened to anyth neutral they neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral their neutral . neutral recommendations neutral where to neutral ?
thi neutral sounds positive neutral neutral and waxahatchee positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral and thi positive positive my aoty . hnegative yo neutral tengo . positive neutral for bootgazers neutral :
neutral neutral neutral to them and neutral to hpositive positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative for words neutral , thi neutral exceeded neutral neutral neutral positive . intensifier hnegative and hpositive . neutral neutral to my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral .
negative neutral neutral neutral - neutral positive positive the stand-out non-single imo
intensifier intensifier hpositive . hpositive neutral diminisher neutral that hnegative hpositive neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator expecting to positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral negative my neutral albums neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral vultures positive everyth neutral could neutral neutral negative from thi neutral - - - neutral positive the positive positive for neutral hnegative than neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive how neutral heavier neutral plagues neutral , neutral thi positive negator hnegative neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral the mandella neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negator
gawd thi positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral hpositive realized they hpositive released neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive with the neutral sinc neutral neutral and neutral to hpositive neutral the longest songs neutral the neutral . intensifier my neutral hnegative positive that neutral positive negator intensifier neutral what positive neutral positive effing positive . neutral hpositive neutral of the songs neutral for diminisher neutral the slower tunes neutral neutral and what positive intensifier neutral neutral hitting neutral hnegative rn . neutral positive started neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive karly 's neutral that gets neutral . positive neutral to neutral them neutral neutral neutral with cryogeyser !
neutral neutral negative for thi to neutral hpositive neutral thi surpassed neutral expectations , hpositive neutral of the neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral negative , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive , if negator hpositive . avl neutral positive neutral
neutral , thi neutral intensifier rips . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , shoegazey guitars and hpositive neutral tunes . lyrics neutral negative and neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier positive neutral . neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral for neutral looooong neutral !
thi neutral positive intensifier hpositive . speaks to neutral intensifier neutral neutral / neutral upbringing that neutral neutral intensifier neutral to . hits neutral positive to how rem 's fables of the neutral neutral when neutral neutral heard neutral .
my neutral showed neutral neutral neutral ! dang thi positive intensifier hpositive multiexclamation neutral positive neutral diminisher of everyth neutral neutral and the parts that neutral neutral neutral neutral of their influences neutral the positive neutral neutral !
negator heard these guys neutral neutral neutral shit that neutral neutral has neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral .
intensifier negative to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . positive of my neutral opened for them neutral neutral neutral neutral and they negative blew my neutral hnegative . positive neutral neutral sinc
thi positive neutral intensifier hpositive . negative negative neutral for thi neutral . my neutral favorites neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral vultures . the neutral what positive intensifier neutral diminisher reminds neutral of the neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive positive to drinks . neutral neutral to neutral them neutral .
albums immaculate— everyth neutral wanted and diminisher . the ebbs and flows and neutral neutral neutral someth neutral . neutral neutral of alt-country , shoegaze , indie , and hpositive intensifier hpositive vocals from karly ( neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral of the neutral neutral for neutral ! neutral them neutral neutral , neutral , and asheville neutral their tour….literally negator neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation hpositive thi intensifier neutral . negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral obsessed with the neutral she writes these - - neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral neutral of them ! neutral neutral intensifier stoked for them to neutral picking neutral and negator neutral to hnegative them neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative . neutral negator neutral for thi neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral of wednesay . intensifier , intensifier hpositive , and her neutral positive intensifier multistop neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral
hpositive neutral . and their covers neutral positive neutral of the positive covers albums of the positive neutral my neutral .
neutral , neutral has positive neutral neutral sinc neutral listened to negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . thi intensifier ticks neutral them boxes hey ? guitars , neutral , vocals , neutral and neutral of neutral how neutral neutral positive . aoty ? !
bnm lets goooo . negative to neutral thi neutral neutral
gives neutral “ i'm hardcore and neutral neutral plants neutral my neutral ” vibes .
sinc positive of neutral neutral songs neutral neutral positive hyped neutral neutral them ! the instrumentals neutral negative , intensifier neutral hpositive with neutral / mj , they hpositive neutral intensifier neutral
“ positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / / you neutral negative neutral ” intensifier paints neutral neutral neutral
intensifier , neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral and neutral legit neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral positive hpositive and neutral neutral
negative neutral listens neutral / thi neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral , positive their positive positive for neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral with positive indie neutral neutral . the neutral intensifier neutral neutral their positive negative , neutral lenderman intensifier intensifier knows how to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral the neutral positive increases with neutral neutral neutral positive thi the neutral neutral neutral neutral suffers , neutral that positive intensifier negator the neutral neutral , thi neutral intensifier rules . sounds neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive the neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher gripes . - the neutral positive that neutral neutral negator positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive followed neutral neutral with thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive the positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral that the neutral of thi neutral , neutral , neutral , positive , positive hpositive negator . months neutral and listens into thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . - neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral the hnegative neutral choices positive positive . neutral to hpositive and neutral neutral , positive the neutral , neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive songs neutral neutral heard from them and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral the neutral when you neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral my hype neutral torpedoed neutral when neutral neutral heard neutral to hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for those songs . tv neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral , semi-subdued diminisher neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . - and positive the neutral neutral positive that for neutral neutral the lyrics positive " we positive neutral bottles of round-up neutral negative that we neutral from neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral stinky becaus the neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral " positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral of karly 's neutral , and when neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and positive neutral positive neutral of what makes the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral feelings neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral . feelings positive neutral positive intensifier positive when neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive positive thi . if the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral would've preordered neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive , intensifier having these hnegative , neutral songs positive intensifier than neutral . thi neutral intensifier rules intensifier neutral
neutral neutral oohhhh neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive multiexclamation
hpositive to neutral that the comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral negator bcnr neutral positive ( positive ) . neutral hnegative the hype neutral thi neutral
neutral positive sooooo hpositive yall
intensifier hpositive thi , intensifier how neutral leans intensifier into neutral ( neutral neutral positive negative neutral standout ) . positive of neutral neutral songs neutral neutral of my positive albums from neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator diminisher clicked neutral of neutral negative of songs ( negator positive , their neutral covers ) . neutral to hpositive positive my soty intensifier neutral and ( neutral hnegative ) intensifier positive that neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral believers neutral thi neutral . negator hnegative if neutral positive diminisher neutral negative neutral of the neutral neutral - positive of neutral neutral songs neutral intensifier neutral and thi seems positive neutral neutral with intensifier neutral - neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral for the neutral and negative neutral that positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral warms neutral .
has neutral hnegative neutral neutral released near-perfect albums neutral neutral neutral , years neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
weird…the vox neutral neutral intensifier for neutral to neutral positive .
neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral , intensifier hpositive mj lendeman 's neutral neutral and neutral neutral contributes , neutral the vocals neutral neutral diminisher putting neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral they positive negator neutral . the neutral where she positive hpositive positive intensifier negative the neutral neutral makes neutral negator negative to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral that positive negator gonna positive neutral the neutral for neutral into someth neutral .
neutral and mj lenderman neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . would hpositive to neutral neutral utilized intensifier neutral .
neutral songs neutral positive my aoty . mj neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dc neutral
negator neutral neutral of neutral plagues .
nc neutral multiexclamation negative neutral neutral from asheville positive neutral heights . neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral of my aoy neutral listened to neutral neutral intensifier !
neutral plagues positive intensifier neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral ! neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral playlist neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive with their neutral . positive neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral !
neutral plagues and their covers neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral their neutral mj lendermans neutral positive of neutral neutral songs negative , neutral has neutral neutral of the neutral members neutral neutral
hpositive neutral from neutral plagues . neutral neutral 's hpositive , that neutral rules intensifier .
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral says *i neutral neutral to neutral you to someone* .
neutral negator neutral neutral the hnegative ep
neutral positive neutral positive anyon neutral these comments that neutral negator positive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral if you neutral negator , and you hpositive thi neutral , neutral to neutral neutral multiexclamation they neutral my positive neutral neutral ️️ the songs neutral would negative to fans of neutral would neutral neutral cities , positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral , neutral that suits neutral , neutral of hpositive , and neutral things ️️ ( neutral hpositive neutral disowned negative neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive vibe imo )
thi gets neutral hype
that positive the neutral that neutral neutral negative
that positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral vultures
the verses neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral . neutral neutral listened hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . the hype positive intensifier - negator surprised neutral that of neutral .
positive my neutral “ hnegative ” with the neutral positive that they showed neutral they neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral and positive neutral negator hpositive the neutral positive neutral believers . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and listened positive neutral neutral they positive negator positive my positive neutral anyth , when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi would neutral aoty , positive with the neutral of neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral with hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive soty .
neutral intensifier neutral what you neutral neutral the lyrics neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral diminisher . neutral positive neutral intensifier of intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negative hnegative for neutral — neutral neutral negative negator the neutral neutral , neutral they positive neutral , intensifier memories neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral — neutral hpositive what neutral neutral neutral with neutral intensifier hnegative neutral / throughline would neutral positive ? positive negative ethel cain-type neutral to the neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral from neutral neutral which neutral intensifier positive . gotta neutral neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral thi neutral reminded neutral how neutral neutral positive .
laughed neutral positive neutral the lyrics you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral hnegative , hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
lol neutral you neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral fans neutral negator neutral neutral meme
my intensifier valentine… if you hnegative neutral the gaps neutral albums lmao neutral : neutral neutral neutral diminisher jokey neutral would positive neutral negative neutral if we neutral negative neutral the intensifier " neutral " indie neutral . neutral neutral - - feelings - - neutral neutral - - merriweather neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral albums , neutral intensifier intensifier neutral . neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive runs neutral neutral indie neutral . if we neutral talkin' neutral the hpositive neutral of indie / negative positive neutral neutral positive neutral no-brainer . evol - - neutral - - negative neutral
that positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive her yelpy vocals .
neutral
neutral you positive neutral mccombs ? neutral positive positive neutral employs the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral negative drowning neutral knifeplay . you positive hpositive neutral ; neutral positive intensifier mellowish shoegaze neutral they neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negative .
hnegative neutral missed the neutral neutral played neutral neutral ! the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral . neutral , if you neutral negator listened to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive intensifier negative neutral . neutral positive negator diminisher neutral hpositive neutral positive of neutral neutral songs , neutral neutral positive intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral molina / neutral neutral truckers / neutral diminisher of neil negative .
thi neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral you neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral ?
neutral negative neutral thi positive hpositive , positive for the rec !
ahh neutral neutral negator hpositive mj lenderman neutral neutral . intensifier enjoyed positive of neutral neutral songs . cheers for the positive .
neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until thi neutral
neutral intensifier neutral neutral sounds positive neutral would neutral seamlessli neutral negative neutral mbv . intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral is… sounded hpositive neutral audiotree neutral .
neutral highway-driving , windows-down diminisher neutral .
positive thi neutral neutral when neutral neutral heard neutral . neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier awestruck and positive “ what the fuck positive thi neutral multiquestion ” the neutral neutral for neutral to positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral , neutral neutral that neutral should negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive the neutral
thi positive how neutral positive neutral neutral negative ! when she nails the neutral she positive neutral , neutral intensifier elevates the neutral . neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral . neutral neutral the neutral memories she neutral , neutral hpositive the feelings and the smells and the situations and how neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive . hpositive feelings positive she neutral neutral diminisher neutral with neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral positive neutral positive for neutral when presented neutral and with hnegative neutral juxtaposed against neutral . what you neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral positive my negative neutral . if she could neutral neutral the positive and intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral she could neutral someth intensifier neutral .
neutral negator neutral if neutral hpositive neutral negative the piss-yellow fanta neutral
neutral you neutral the neutral neutral ? they neutral positive neutral meme
neutral , that anco neutral positive intensifier neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive
which neutral neutral has the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral discog sinc positive of neutral neutral songs neutral released . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral into neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator planning neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that neutral , and neutral neutral neutral to the boygenius neutral neutral merriweather that neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral when they positive neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral them neutral raleigh neutral weeks neutral and positive to hang with them . they neutral negative neutral neutral shoutout dure their positive .
maura positive the neutral that neutral neutral them from . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral and others
neutral negative with neutral . sinc you neutral positive heard mj 's earlier neutral , neutral positive negative thi negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral called “ neutral looked neutral ” from greg hnegative . neutral recommended neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive of neutral neutral songs . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive the positive neutral neutral negative .
positive !
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral !
neutral , that greg hnegative neutral positive neutral . neutral to neutral heard neutral intensifier neutral .
they neutral neutral hpositive albums neutral “ harmonia ” and “ neutral 's neutral ” neutral neutral neutral neutral tracks
neutral positive neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral songs neutral my hnegative neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive the standout for neutral ; neutral positive neutral of my neutral neutral played tracks intensifier neutral thi neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive negative that neutral albums neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ; neutral neutral negator heard neutral neutral albums that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral recommending neutral to anyon neutral liked positive of neutral neutral songs neutral positive into that neutral of alt-country . neutral mountains positive my positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral to hnegative than the aforementioned ones .
neutral neutral neutral points , and " neutral " positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral , neutral mountains positive diminisher hnegative to neutral to neutral the neutral of what happened , intensifier " neutral my hpositive positive neutral . "
positive ! neutral to neutral .
hpositive commenting to positive how neutral neutral thi positive neutral of their positive records and that neutral positive negator neutral neutral diminisher than negative neutral thi neutral . to hnegative , hpositive neutral could neutral the neutral , neutral , junkmail , and neutral neutral hpositive mindblowing . positive neutral 's neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral that mindset neutral into neutral and neutral neutral neutral fared neutral the hpositive for neutral , becaus thi positive neutral .
neutral neutral positive obsessed with neutral sinc they released neutral ( neutral my neutral played neutral of the neutral ? ) , neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . they neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral creating negative neutral and neutral neutral positive sounds to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral would've loved diminisher neutral tracks and intensifier with neutral neutral positive neutral which neutral you neutral elena 's neutral intensifier . neutral neutral , neutral ex-lover and to hnegative diminisher neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral hoping neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral the positive things they neutral neutral neutral ? ) neutral hnegative that negator neutral .
hpositive neutral could neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral thi positive my favourite of their
what neutral hpositive positive . i‘m neutral negative to neutral goosebumps when i‘m neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral it‘s positive for neutral to neutral neutral positive plunged into hpositive neutral when those neutral strings neutral neutral *be neutral your way*
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral to thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher underwhelmed neutral neutral negative spins . they neutral straying positive neutral from the neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral intensifier loved the neutral elena tonra neutral with neutral : neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral of the neutral neutral neutral records . of neutral , neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral / neutral grows neutral of their positive neutral - neutral neutral positive negative , their earlier releases neutral to my neutral intensifier . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . hnegative everyth , they neutral among my neutral artists neutral negative to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative to neutral hnegative neutral
thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral hiding neutral ? neutral neutral neutral of neutral the neutral , neutral neutral tempo-wise .
neutral neutral to neutral , i‘m underwhelmed neutral neutral intensifier becaus the positive songs from the neutral positive released neutral neutral positive . neutral hpositive neutral positive intensifier " hooks " ( for neutral negator of neutral hpositive neutral ) . neutral of the songs hpositive neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral . it‘s negator hnegative neutral neutral means neutral i‘ve listened to neutral neutral and aisde from the neutral and neutral , neutral don‘t neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator diminisher neutral neutral neutral diminisher of their positive neutral ; neutral positive meandering and positive negative neutral the neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral enjoyed neutral neutral .
lol that positive what candles makes neutral neutral
neutral intensifier , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral inclined to neutral with you neutral the intensifier negative commenters . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral , intensifier neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral negative of their neutral albums , neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral to how the neutral positive neutral to neutral . that negator of neutral positive neutral to intensifier positive what they neutral putting neutral neutral .
neutral positive liked neutral : neutral neutral intensifier than thi . neutral neutral underwhelmed negative
neutral , neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive positive neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negative to neutral drums neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral ! neutral for sushi rn intensifier neutral negator neutral to neutral to neutral positive . how'd negative neutral positive neutral ?
neutral positive neutral of my neutral neutral positive albums , neutral would neutral hnegative to neutral that and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral from neutral the neutral neutral the closest neutral neutral to the neutral : neutral neutral , neutral hpositive they followed that neutral .
yep neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive my neutral with neutral drums , and neutral neutral neutral : neutral 's neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to the drums . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive my hnegative , neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive to neutral , neutral positive diminisher neutral negative neutral : neutral diminisher than thi neutral . negator that neutral positive hnegative - neutral hpositive hpositive the hnegative intensifier .
the soundtrack neutral bts from positive neutral to atleast negative neutral my hnegative . neutral of my favourite soundtracks neutral
and if that positive positive for your ears , intensifier neutral to neutral . neutral positive to elena neutral negative neutral : neutral neutral for fans negative neutral yourself neutral the neutral .

neutral neutral positive worm-pilled .
thi positive intensifier intensifier neutral neutral , the neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral negator heard neutral neutral neutral thi hpositive neutral diminisher neutral negative
intensifier expected to neutral thi neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral ( hadn't listened to the neutral ) , neutral diminisher of these tracks neutral positive . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral thi positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive you positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative midi vibes neutral hnegative points neutral thi which positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive myself neutral hellfire neutral neutral wanted neutral diminisher someth to neutral that hnegative ( neutral neutral hmltd neutral )
pre-ordered neutral neutral neutral wyrmlands , neutral neutral .
saddest neutral neutral sounds positive neutral rainbows-era radiohead and neutral hpositive neutral , intensifier becaus neutral has negative neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral for negative neutral neutral to neutral thi hpositive
gets hpositive with neutral neutral
positive that the neutral with the neutral neutral from the neutral the boys ?
neutral 's goooooo
intensifier neutral neutral , surprised they neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
if thi neutral neutral released dure the hpositive neutral they would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral negator neutral for their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier liked the neutral for thi . hoping the neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive .
thi positive wyrmlands , motherfucker ! neutral gets you positive !
thi positive positive hpositive neutral what neutral neutral . neutral positive how neutral hpositive hmltd neutral the neutral diminisher tracks neutral mesmerising .
neutral negative neutral 's neutral from their neutral lp
neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral positive pulled hnegative intensifier neutral .
neutral intensifier of hpositive feelings positive she positive positive promoting thi neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral to neutral !
positive negative for thi
negative that neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral : neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral looooved what we neutral neutral neutral neutral that she neutral hnegative with thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive the positive
negative thi neutral positive neutral , negator heard anyth neutral her neutral . hitting the neutral .
neutral liked what we neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive that she leaned neutral diminisher intensifier neutral her hnegative , nightclubby neutral for thi
neutral neutral for yaeji - with neutral neutral neutral
thi positive intensifier hpositive ! neutral neutral neutral to “ neutral
the neutral of hpositive >>>>
hpositive neutral neutral you yaeji multiexclamation
neutral positive , hpositive thi neutral . neutral negative positive that neutral positive diminisher neutral ! neutral negative intensifier multiexclamation
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral for teleman to hpositive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral .
negative thi neutral hpositive and positive “ thi neutral sounds positive pete and the pirates neutral hpositive their neutral what happened to them ” and neutral positive them ! intensifier negative neutral neutral to negative into thi discog . neutral loved them . neutral diminisher of their songs neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative checking neutral positive 's neutral neutral , neutral neutral ! neutral
hmltd intensifier neutral delivered neutral positive fairytale / neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that sets them hpositive from hnegative neutral neutral bands . neutral hpositive lp neutral my hnegative .
neutral deerhoof ! neutral neutral to neutral hnegative than anyon , and crafting intensifier hpositive and neutral compositions than anyon multistop your neutral positive neutral hnegative . diminisher of the riffs , the neutral neutral with the neutral - neutral hpositive makes neutral neutral . intensifier my negative positive , neutral y'all neutral neutral neutral you neutral composing neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
negative deerhoof ! positive neutral positive off-the-charts hpositive . negator neutral for your neutral neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral that you neutral neutral positive neutral for diminisher years and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and hpositive neutral the neutral , would you positive neutral positive anyth neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral that has neutral itself to that positive ? ps : neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral , the mic neutral for neutral and hnegative positive intensifier negative
-
neutral you everyon for neutral ! neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral you neutral miracle-level neutral ~s
neutral y'all neutral neutral the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years . neutral neutral neutral deerhoof . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative : neutral thi neutral , how neutral deerhoof hpositive neutral positive neutral ?
intensifier neutral neutral positive to neutral your neutral neutral philly neutral neutral . neutral played neutral neutral the neutral neutral of brooklyn when greg neutral neutral of the soloists neutral giga neutral , intensifier neutral giga neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral ! neutral you ! and neutral you for using your neutral to neutral audiences to neutral . neutral your neutral against ticketmaster negative . you neutral the positive , hpositive travels neutral the neutral of the neutral
hey positive thi neutral neutral ?
deerhoof ! you neutral negative positive and neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator hpositive to neutral and hpositive positive neutral hpositive to negative neutral positive . neutral you neutral positive neutral positive where the neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral and reacted hnegative ? if thi has neutral happened , how neutral you neutral and how neutral neutral neutral your neutral performances ? neutral you for the neutral neutral hpositive you neutral neutral to my neutral - and neutral you to satomi for neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral the runners neutral !
neutral you negative neutral the neutral of positive composing and neutral positive you neutral ? negator diminisher neutral my neutral neutral how those songs positive neutral , arranged and performed negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral diminisher positive . hpositive your positive neutral and neutral your records intensifier neutral !
positive , everybodi ! thi has positive intensifier positive . neutral you neutral neutral the neutral with neutral the sounds and the things . - - - neutral
you guys neutral diminisher intensifier neutral ! positive for the hnegative neutral , neutral for neutral , intensifier positive neutral !
what positive the smallest neutral neutral / neutral greg has neutral neutral for neutral neutral ?
questions from neutral kafemaniac : neutral drinks the neutral neutral neutral deerhoof ? and how neutral neutral of you positive your neutral ?
neutral you neutral with what neutral you negative for neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral ?
neutral satomi . jon neutral . we neutral to hang neutral neutral diminisher neutral london years neutral . neutral negative multistop how 's neutral neutral ?
neutral guys you neutral neutral negative choices of neutral songs , what inspires you to neutral someth ?
what positive your positive neutral to neutral neutral ?
siriustar positive the neutral that defines negative neutral neutral of my neutral . neutral you . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral to neutral you guys neutral neutral .
hpositive from the hpositive pauses and comed neutral , what makes the neutral greg neutral neutral ? and neutral you neutral started neutral neutral and intensifier failed to negative and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and positive you ?
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral ! y'all neutral diminisher of the neutral positive pre-show neutral neutral neutral heard neutral neutral neutral . what neutral neutral your pre-show choices ?
neutral neutral my neutral neutral positive neutral sounded positive deerhoof . hpositive the drums neutral neutral neutral , intensifier positive and neutral . what positive the neutral of neutral neutral with those negative negative riffs ?
hey guys . what kinds of miracles neutral neutral your lives neutral of neutral
neutral deerhoof ! neutral neutral neutral negative tenniscoats neutral and neutral hpositive when neutral neutral neutral your collab neutral oneone . neutral neutral projects neutral positive with saya and ueno ?
neutral neutral , neutral neutral loved your neutral for intensifier neutral , positive for neutral the hpositive you neutral negative to neutral neutral the years . neutral neutral neutral when intensifier neutral bands and artists neutral neutral chickenshits neutral expressing their neutral , you neutral your beliefs neutral neutral the neutral of your neutral and your neutral profile… how neutral you neutral what to neutral , and neutral neutral you neutral intensifier artists neutral negator neutral positions neutral aaaaaanything that matters ?
neutral , neutral neutral the nyc neutral with ceres and neutral multistop you guys rocked my negative positive , how neutral neutral neutral neutral plays what parts neutral the neutral intensifier of hpositive , , and what the neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral ?
what positive deerhoof positive neutral ?
positive deerhoof , neutral neutral intensifier negative to positive that thi neutral the neutral neutral you neutral recorded neutral neutral neutral ! how neutral you positive neutral the neutral ?
when you neutral neutral hpositive neutral that you neutral positive neutral returning to the neutral , neutral neutral restaurants that neutral to your positive negative when you neutral the positive neutral neutral . what neutral your neutral positive neutral memories neutral the neutral ?
hpositive negative to positive neutral hpositive you guys and positive for negative negative and neutral and hpositive neutral ! neutral you neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral mirrors the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral , neutral you neutral for negative neutral with hnegative songs neutral positive to neutral neutral ? neutral hnegative diminisher of them neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral . positive y'all , neutral hpositive !
yooo guys multiexclamation positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative things . neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral . how neutral languages neutral deerhoof neutral intensifier ? neutral greg , neutral noticed thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , haha multistop neutral you neutral positive neutral attempting to neutral neutral intensifier and neutral diminisher neutral of standing-up neutral ?
greg positive we neutral the neutral neutral neutral ? and how neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
hey multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral the philly neutral neutral neutral — neutral positive what neutral neutral neutral playing ? positive multiexclamation y'all neutral the positive multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral guitaring your songs . how neutral neutral neutral these skills to intensifier drums and guitars ?
neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral to positive mexico ?
hey hnegative , could you intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral parts to " ay that positive neutral " ?
hey multiexclamation hpositive neutral y'all neutral neutral neutral neutral arts neutral philly , intensifier neutral the neutral hnegative the neutral ! positive negative for y'all neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral for neutral neutral of boxes neutral songs ? y'all diminisher neutral yourselv , and that positive neutral positive intensifier hpositive for neutral / my neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive multistop hpositive neutral than neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of our songs neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral hpositive picking neutral neutral hpositive hpositive helps , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive results neutral neutral hpositive guitars , drums , neutral , etc . neutral hpositive positive if y'all positive neutral hnegative suggestions to intensifier neutral yourself neutral of your neutral hnegative neutral and neutral someth hnegative ? hpositive y'all intensifier neutral !
positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral that you neutral positive , neutral negator neutral neutral , that you neutral ?
neutral neutral from neutral africa . you neutral you guys would neutral collab with chri cohen neutral neutral neutral negative ? would hpositive that .
thi positive diminisher neutral negative and intensifier hpositive multistop neutral negative the neutral to hpositive how neutral they neutral to neutral . neutral positive hnegative to positive . neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier . negator until runners neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral jazzed themselv neutral neutral . ( neutral " autocorrected " to " jazzed " and neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral that neutral . ) positive neutral neutral you neutral berbati 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral for that neutral and neutral multistop diminisher seems positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral . my neutral girlfriend neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral with my positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the firs neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral and neutral neutral for my neutral neutral . hnegative neutral happened . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral could neutral that hpositive , and neutral positive positive neutral neutral from neutral , intensifier . neutral for deerhoof . you neutral negator neutral neutral positive ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral and neutral positive neutral ! the positive neutral positive my positive of the neutral intensifier neutral multiexclamation arigatou
hey deerhoof ! neutral of - congrats neutral the positive neutral neutral sounds neutral ! negative for greg : deerhoof and the neutral sees neutral neutral of my positive bands , and neutral neutral surprised to neutral neutral neutral neutral dwyer neutral that when neutral neutral moved to the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral you neutral neutral neutral of the neutral sees . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral bands to negative ?
hnegative - what positive your neutral neutral positive ?
neutral neutral hpositive neutral the hpositive , hpositive positive of deerhoof neutral diminisher weeks neutral , and thi feelings intensifier neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the runners neutral , and hpositive neutral the neutral diminisher moments of neutral makes neutral positive positive and positive with negative hnegative neutral to hpositive neutral positive , which persists neutral the neutral album… neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive with it… neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of my positive neutral and over… neutral neutral listened neutral neutral hnegative albums neutral runners neutral , positive speaking… if you positive to neutral neutral positive neutral where to neutral neutral to your neutral neutral , where would you neutral them to neutral ? and neutral ?
how neutral you neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative recorded vs neutral ?
hey y'all ! thi positive travi from neutral . neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral questions neutral for ya , neutral wanted to positive neutral and neutral you neutral for neutral that ! neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral chicago ! neutral : neutral neutral hpositive miracal-level ! positive for that negative !
hpositive the positive neutral . neutral neutral gonna hpositive neutral neutral for bandcamp neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher albums neutral neutral neutral neutral positive if you would neutral neutral neutral to positive how your positive the neutral tones for the neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral dystopic neutral neutral negator hnegative you . the neutral neutral neutral the positive positive neutral neutral . how you negative the neutral neutral tones neutral that positive neutral .
neutral neutral you guys neutral neutral neutral the neutral fest neutral antigonish , ns and neutral blew neutral neutral . neutral positive negator heard you neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral sinc . hpositive positive if you positive neutral positive memories neutral stories from that neutral . positive .
neutral neutral neutral these when you neutral them , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . the positive neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral intensifier neutral you guys neutral bringing the neutral neutral esque vibes neutral into the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral deerhoof neutral . jet-black double-shield positive intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the positive hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative neutral to how neutral neutral constructed , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral greg with negative keyboards ? for years neutral neutral pondered how the neutral positive neutral landscapes of that neutral neutral positive positive to neutral themselv . neutral neutral negator until neutral neutral you guys neutral neutral neutral neutral nyc feb that neutral neutral positive to intensifier neutral the neutral that neutral neutral positive for neutral . neutral sinc positive neutral neutral intensifier wondered neutral neutral neutral and if neutral neutral anyth positive neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral for years ! neutral you for neutral what neutral , and continuing to neutral what you neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive . hnegative if thi positive neutral dork negative btw
hey deerhoof ! negative neutral , hpositive wanted to neutral , how neutral you neutral neutral with those negative negative neutral parts greg ? what neutral the songwriting / neutral neutral for thi positive neutral ? hpositive the neutral guys , positive intensifier neutral !
what neutral greg neutral neutral positive sneakers ?
what positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative playing neutral positive photos ? diminisher looks positive neutral neutral positive . positive neutral rules neutral the neutral . positive !
neutral positive negative , neutral neutral neutral y'all mic neutral your neutral ( the guitars themselv ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive kindve positive the neutral neutral multiexclamation what neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral positive negative ?
neutral you hpositive neutral neutral named j-hole ? if intensifier , how neutral you positive neutral him ?
neutral deerhoof , positive miracle-level and hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral to my neutral neutral . the positive neutral positive neutral neutral , recorded , and neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . pros , cons ? plans to neutral with that neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral ? soundtracks ? neutral they neutral and neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral hpositive neutral of deerhoof positive sone films . y'all neutral hpositive , neutral you .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral sprained my neutral intensifier hnegative neutral my neutral neutral the woods thi neutral . hpositive negator positive . hpositive to neutral the neutral . hpositive ya
neutral the drums neutral neutral girls reamped ?
neutral deerhoof . hpositive neutral guys . what neutral would you neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral negator diminisher hpositive where to neutral
what positive the neutral of neutral 's neutral neutral minneapolis ? neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral !
hey deerhoof thi neutral 's for greg : what neutral your neutral neutral inspirations , neutral intensifier hpositive your playing !
neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral for positive years neutral neutral ! your neutral intensifier accompanies my neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator wanna neutral to deerhoof ! neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive that neutral neutral positive your neutral ! neutral hpositive neutral deerhoof neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my negative , intensifier neutral neutral you positive positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive hpositive intensifier hpositive for neutral multiexclamation neutral hpositive neutral you neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral for you to neutral neutral to france neutral diminisher neutral negator negative neutral ! ♫ negative : what neutral you positive to neutral positive when you neutral negator playing neutral ?
aw neutral my positive deerhoof . ya'll neutral positive neutral negative neutral of positive for neutral sinc neutral you hpositive you ️ neutral : what positive your positive inspirations / neutral listens neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier years of the neutral ? neutral : negative neutral neutral positive neutral . everyon gets neutral pieces of neutral . what neutral they ?
neutral noticed the the neutral positive hpositive positive intensifier neutral fi to my ears intensifier the neutral neutral . neutral seems positive neutral neutral to the neutral that neutral neutral neutral , which sounded neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral of thi neutral . neutral recorded neutral ?
neutral you negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , and would you neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral , would you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive ?
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral you neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive of neutral to positive zealand neutral the neutral ?
neutral you guys neutral neutral neutral tunings positive dsdgbd etc .
neutral neutral deerhoof songs neutral neutral neutral notated scores ? if intensifier , which songs ?
im neutral - neutral you guys negative diminisher ?
neutral deerhoof , neutral neutral hpositive woondering , how neutral you neutral positive ?
how neutral neutral positive to neutral hpositive spotify positive neutral hpositive using neutral and uploading your neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral we neutral to neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral deerhoof neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? pleaseeeeeeeee
neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral sprained my neutral intensifier hnegative neutral my neutral neutral the woods positive . hpositive negator positive . hpositive to neutral the neutral . hpositive ya
neutral ! intensifier thi positive neutral neutral negative , neutral when you guys played neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral sc neutral neutral ( neutral / the harlem shakes neutral neutral ) you neutral neutral neutral wristbands to the neutral . neutral neutral to negative neutral for years positive neutral the neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral multistop intensifier neutral negator neutral what neutral neutral neutral them . neutral positive ? neutral : btw , the positive neutral positive negative all-timer for neutral . neutral you for the years of neutral .
hey deerhoof ! negative neutral neutral neutral ! ( positive you positive the neutral , greg ! ) how neutral you neutral the setlist for the *devil kids* neutral ( and neutral , thi neutral ) ? neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of classics and neutral cuts .
greg , neutral you positive neutral improvis neutral with hnegative drummers ? neutral loved your neutral with brian neutral , and neutral would hpositive to neutral you neutral with intensifier neutral hpositive from your positive neutral !
neutral sinc neutral positive into you guys' neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral with the neutral negative of neutral and unhinged hpositive that your neutral positive neutral with . neutral you
positive neutral rules . neutral you neutral positive neutral with chri cohen neutral ? would neutral negative to neutral what you positive neutral neutral positive sinc neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . ps neutral you neutral the positive neutral tones of neutral neutral .
deerhoof multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral your neutral . you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral members which neutral itself positive negative and positive . neutral what you neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative to neutral positive with others for positive jams ?
the positive neutral positive neutral ! neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral you neutral wilco 's neutral neutral neutral neutral of these years
neutral , hpositive y'all intensifier neutral , positive neutral positive neutral for decades . what motivates the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive releases of diminisher albums ? ive neutral differences neutral neutral va cd releases positive , neutral neutral changes from for neutral neutral neutral o' positive and the polyvinyl negative , and the negative maggi negative , years neutral . neutral positive the positive neutral orders neutral neutral positive that they neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
what positive neutral deerhoof , neutral you positive shoegaze ? what positive your positive neutral neutral ?
negator neutral negative , neutral neutral hpositive wanted to positive that the negative and neutral hnegative neutral neutral makes neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and your positive neutral positive negative neutral positive positive of thi neutral . positive for neutral that you neutral neutral !
neutral deerhoof ! neutral neutral positive neutral neutral sinc you guys neutral intensifier negative ! negative : positive you guys neutral neutral to juan 's neutral ?
greg ! neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral copeland from the neutral ?
neutral you neutral royalties from spotify streams of your neutral ?
neutral decades of playing neutral , how neutral you neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral ?
years neutral neutral neutral you guys neutral neutral denton , tx . you positive cookies that you negative to fans , which neutral positive neutral diminisher the coolest neutral neutral neutral the neutral . how neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral , years neutral ?
what positive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral for positive negative ?
neutral you guys hang neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
what neutral your positive movies ?
neutral showed neutral neutral to neutral curtains neutral neutral denton tx neutral neutral neutral neutral and missed the positive . neutral neutral neutral that .
hpositive wanted to positive , hpositive your neutral and neutral neutral you guys from the hnegative noodles neutral with " you , neutral " . you guys neutral , positive for neutral neutral hpositive neutral . positive neutral neutral the covid neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative . neutral you
hellooo ! neutral neutral neutral neutral ️ how neutral you hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral planning / figuring neutral the neutral of neutral neutral / neutral and letting things neutral positive ? positive for neutral your hnegative neutral your neutral neutral makes neutral positive
hey guys , neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral ! neutral neutral neutral intensifier enjoyed the congotronics neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the mixing neutral that neutral , greg . the neutral memories from the neutral from everyon neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral ! neutral you neutral neutral positive from neutral to neutral ? would you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral positive .
positive neutral neutral negator negative neutral to positive neutral hpositive the congotronics neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral into neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral sinc neutral neutral heard neutral 's neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral and sinc positive neutral positive intensifier into the tzadik and positive labels' neutral records . my negative to you neutral positive what neutral your positive neutral projects ? neutral you neutral to neutral intensifier with congotronics , neutral neutral hnegative neutral groups ? neutral you positive neutral positive renditions neutral the neutral of " intensifier duper positive allstars " ? neutral would positive to positive neutral girls neutral . neutral , positive for neutral and my neutral , we hpositive hpositive you guys intensifier neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral and to positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive to neutral you multiexclamation
yay deerhoof multiexclamation , , hnegative neutral missed your ama , neutral neutral neutral with your badass selves cuz what ya'll neutral positive neutral
neutral deerhoof multiexclamation positive your hofner neutral neutral played neutral sinc you positive the serek neutral ?
hpositive wanted to positive neutral hpositive y'alls neutral . negator negative
hey neutral hpositive you neutral neutral to your philly neutral 's neutral ? they neutral their neutral would neutral hnegative to hpositive online and they positive negator neutral lol . neutral , thi neutral my neutral neutral neutral you guys . what negative negative neutral !
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral portland neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral mind-bending neutral of sounds and textures and rhythms . how neutral you neutral negative neutral neutral that sounds hnegative positive neutral ?
bollocks , neutral if neutral intensifier missed thi . hnegative subreddit neutral
intensifier legends . hpositive you neutral neutral
looooong neutral neutral ! neutral neutral to neutral korea ?
idk neutral you neutral sinc neutral positive thi recommended to neutral neutral reddit , neutral what positive your hnegative neutral neutral ?
neutral positive , of neutral . we positive intensifier neutral neutral than neutral anyth neutral . the positive positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive parts and negative .
if we negator neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral -
we negator neutral of what we neutral neutral with . iow negator negative judgy when neutral neutral with ideas . positive neutral thru . neutral
positive ! neutral you neutral for neutral to negative with neutral ! - hnegative
negator neutral dates ?
neutral neutral setlist positive created neutral neutral the neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral and everyon registers their complaints neutral
geneviev ive positive neutral to neutral ! neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral the neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive my neutral 's midi ! neutral
neutral neutral neutral heard you neutral when we started that ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) - - - neutral
negative yasss
> neutral negator neutral neutral hahahaha , of neutral . neutral of our lives neutral neutral has positive positive neutral neutral faces , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative aggro neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral if you neutral negator positive someth , if the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of you neutral their positive , neutral the neutral they negative to hpositive , neutral positive hnegative to neutral negative positive neutral them . neutral neutral , they could neutral neutral bombs neutral someth neutral . . . - - - neutral
neutral neutral that neutral neutral modesto where the neutral neutral shined neutral neutral into our eyes neutral we positive playing . neutral negator positive neutral . we positive intensifier intensifier neutral shows positive that . neutral neutral neutral helped neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral , neutral breaks the neutral and you neutral negative and positive intensifier negative things neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral we positive intensifier neutral loved and rewarded neutral . neutral neutral wildest dreams . we neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
neutral positive neutral to neutral ( don't neutral anybodi ) - - - neutral
everybodi positive hpositive and diminisher of them positive diminisher neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the keys matched neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral that we positive neutral for radiohead neutral and when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral seemed to neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral our neutral ideas into neutral tracklist of neutral songs , neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral intensifier neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral and neutral positive to the demo fragments to neutral them into neutral versions of songs and everyon liked them intensifier we hpositive recorded our parts neutral neutral of that and positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral
neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral happens . neutral neutral writes neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral has neutral neutral and others positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral years neutral and positive we positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral and neutral . we neutral that and neutral we positive the neutral forms positive we neutral neutral neutral , greg neutral positive the drums neutral and neutral them to neutral and we recorded our parts to that . - hnegative
hnegative neutral neutral ! neutral you neutral
negator negative how neutral they neutral neutral negator neutral them to neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him when we neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral . - hnegative
neutral drinks the neutral . neutral neutral negative coffee-s
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative ( neutral neutral neutral ) neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral , and that positive neutral , unless neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral someth positive that . for neutral neutral , neutral neutral makes neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral helps neutral neutral focused when neutral . . . - - - neutral
we neutral meetings and memos and negotiations and we hpositive decisions neutral what neutral positive neutral positive and positive when we neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive
we neutral neutral neutral of songs that positive neutral and neutral to them . the we discussed what we wanna hpositive . neutral
neutral jon ! neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral you neutral our uk neutral !
the neutral . positive for neutral entendres . neutral
the diminisher neutral neutral
satomi neutral the words and neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of devendra banhart neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral becaus that neutral diminisher years neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral rescues neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral playlist neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral im using the neutral to neutral thi ama . neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral they neutral neutral perez prado neutral ? neutral
neutral you ! the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of hendrix and mitch neutral . when we recorded neutral we positive using neutral drums that neutral positive hpositive positive ( they hnegative neutral ) and we neutral y-cables intensifier that the hihats neutral neutral samples neutral the neutral neutral , positive hihat sounds , neutral neutral neutral , woodblocks . hpositive sounds that positive neutral the roland neutral neutral
my neutral oogie . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral how neutral and hpositive and hpositive to neutral positive neutral positive . neutral makes neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral . - hnegative
neutral of my neutral arm-s
neutral , the positive positive - - - neutral
positive ! neutral neutral negator neutral saya for years . negator neutral oneone for neutral . neutral would positive to neutral them neutral . -
positive ! neutral neutral negator neutral saya for years . negator neutral oneone for neutral . neutral would positive to neutral them neutral . -
neutral you . neutral negator neutral for neutral hnegative artists . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive to neutral hnegative . the internet neutral neutral hnegative if you positive someth hnegative , neutral that scares neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral and positive neutral the neutral of neutral conversations neutral neutral neutral . ive neutral neutral intensifier of friends via neutral neutral . ignoring trolls positive my zazen . neutral
that neutral positive neutral ! kunie sugiura 's neutral neutral neutral neutral for miracle-level . her neutral positive neutral positive and flowers neutral popping . miracles neutral positive including you . neutral diminisher neutral non-miracles neutral to hnegative neutral . -
neutral neutral kunie sugiura 's neutral neutral my positive 's neutral neutral and positive neutral looked hpositive . we positive positive for ideas for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral to satomi and she realizes that she neutral kunie neutral . neutral neutral . we positive neutral neutral and kunie neutral into neutral using that neutral . she neutral neutral neutral the nyc neutral ! negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral for her neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of appreciating neutral things neutral
neutral neutral positive hpositive our strengths , we neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative things that neutral of neutral hnegative hpositive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral pedals . our neutral positive ups neutral hpositive to negator neutral neutral intensifier of the neutral positive neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral your neutral neutral than neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral to neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral someth that neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral parts neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral if that makes things neutral - hnegative
rainbow-s
combo neutral
we neutral recorded neutral neutral studios neutral - - - neutral intensifier of neutral o' , negative maggi , bits of neutral , and neutral of love-lore . neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . we negator negative ourselv hpositive neutral weeks neutral to negative . neutral neutral intensifier positive and intensifier positive neutral
neutral positive saigon neutral neutral bahn neutral neutral -
>he positive neutral neutral , positive , of neutral ! neutral neutral . the neutral that neutral to positive negative positive the neutral we hpositive neutral neutral from : neutral neutral neutral neutral . yow ! intensifier hpositive . negator negative the veg ramen neutral . - - - neutral
neutral we neutral that to hpositive the neutral louder positive neutral positive negator neutral with satomi neutral neutral herself neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral , we neutral negative neutral and neutral , diminisher semi-competent neutral , and intensifier neutral neutral and neutral . we neutral positive food-related words neutral hnegative hnegative languages , neutral that neutral negator neutral . - - - neutral
what positive the neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral you neutral my neutral neutral positive positive you positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral
>melody hey ! neutral positive neutral of the positive negative comets . neutral hpositive neutral . we recorded our neutral with neutral , positive played neutral neutral neutral minneapolis , and neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral , neutral hpositive neutral and the neutral positive hnegative . neutral my brother-in-law negative neutral for neutral , and neutral positive hpositive neutral positive , neutral stronger than neutral , positive , intensifier neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . - - - neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and -
neutral would neutral having friends neutral instruments neutral neutral neutral of you neutral you neutral neutral neutral and neutral what happens - - - neutral
that would neutral intensifier hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral lives neutral anymore ! neutral hpositive positive mexico , neutral , and neutral of my negative positive positive neutral neutral . - neutral
neutral positive ! neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher songs neutral our neutral and neutral negator neutral asked to neutral diminisher neutral , neutral positive neutral to intensifier negative ! - hnegative
>just neutral thi to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you missed - hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral . neutral everyth you neutral . if you neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative of hpositive rhythms . if you neutral drums and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral playing the neutral neutral where the neutral positive , neutral neutral notes , neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral with how you neutral what you positive hpositive and what you neutral . the neutral positive to neutral how to neutral yourself and hpositive what positive positive neutral you and to neutral that you neutral to neutral and neutral your neutral and positive into hnegative areas . neutral neutral from the cliches and hpositive neutral what positive neutral of neutral you - hnegative to hpositive to that , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral parts neutral neutral becaus positive neutral neutral what im neutral neutral my neutral and avoiding neutral neutral and where my hpositive wants to neutral neutral the neutral . - hnegative
hey , cadywhompus - - - positive ! neutral for neutral neutral of boxes neutral terms of neutral / neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive when you neutral neutral neutral the neutral of when your positive starts to neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral happens , that neutral negator neutral until hpositive neutral the neutral , and the neutral neutral you neutral negative to neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negator rules that everyth has to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral for neutral neutral of hnegative zones , neutral neutral for myself neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher tools that hpositive neutral negator neutral bored of what neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral with negative hpositive that positive neutral of janky . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral miracle-level neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher half-broken ukelele-sized neutral with hnegative neutral . the neutral that neutral positive negator neutral keeps my neutral positive , and the hpositive neutral attracts neutral to hpositive kinds of tonalities / chords . - - - neutral
neutral neutral my neutral from the neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the setlist neutral neutral positive neutral positive using neutral for months to neutral positive neutral ideas . neutral neutral hnegative neutral
positive , the neutral neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral would negator neutral positive hpositive of positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral for myself , neutral carvin neutral . neutral positive what neutral neutral for my neutral diminisher years neutral deerhoof , and neutral developed neutral negative for neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive the neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative with - - - the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier hpositive to neutral and neutral neutral , etc . neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative negative for that hpositive neutral negative negator intensifier . - - - neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of my friends positive neutral minneapolis neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ibanez woodgrain tele with neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier into neutral guitars positive that when neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive hnegative intensifier neutral negator neutral to positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative guitars to negative the positive neutral ! - hnegative
would neutral negative , we hpositive chri ! - - - neutral
neutral you intensifier neutral for neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive and neutral to positive that we neutral positive with you neutral diminisher neutral for these moments neutral your neutral . neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive you the positive , and neutral neutral intensifier neutral you neutral neutral someth neutral our positive neutral ! neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral playing these songs for the neutral neutral for neutral . we neutral struggled neutral diminisher neutral thi neutral , neutral to neutral neutral what they neutral neutral neutral of neutral , how to positive , etc . neutral , neutral the positive , and arigatou to you , neutral neutral - - - neutral
doitashimashite . deerhoof has neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral for neutral to neutral neutral ! neutral
haha that negator happened neutral positive neutral you neutral him neutral neutral we neutral him neutral neutral , where neutral moved from , and we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , typing . neutral starts negative ! neutral
neutral dwyer and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral oakland neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive , and positive we negator played positive neutral hahahaha multiexclamation neutral positive neutral positive neutral into them neutral neutral the neutral . . . - - - neutral
fushitsusha-s
neutral loved the biwa neutral neutral kwaidan neutral
- neutral
haha , negator neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative negative - hnegative
>with neutral , neutral neutral negator positive where to neutral . neutral the neutral positive positive ? neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , neutral that hpositive neutral to positive . neutral you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive positive the hnegative neutral neutral when chri played neutral the chords for that , neutral neutral of the neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral , and neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive . neutral hpositive that neutral . - - - neutral
neutral neutral , flatwound strings , neutral neutral the positive neutral , neutral diminisher negative neutral
neutral travi ! neutral you neutral chicago !
travi ! neutral neutral to neutral you neutral chicago ! neutral you neutral neutral the positive rec . . . - - - neutral
neutral you travi ! neutral
neutral played that . di neutral neutral diminisher plugin ! neutral
positive , neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral played that . that hnegative neutral greg ? and if intensifier , neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral danelectro neutral neutral positive amp , neutral neutral sounds negator positive that . neutral neutral negator positive . - - - neutral
that neutral negative neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral hnegative than that , neutral neutral negative negative neutral ! - - - neutral
that neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral soundtrack we neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral called neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral of the san francisco neutral neutral neutral - - - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative bits and bobs that neutral negator diminisher hpositive neutral into neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral of the positive neutral that neutral into neutral . neutral started neutral neutral and neutral from neutral , positive . intensifier negative you neutral that positive ! we neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral , and positive the neutral neutral . hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral . positive for neutral ! - neutral
neutral negator neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral satomi neutral neutral with the neutral neutral . neutral the neutral positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive negative neutral . im negator hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral of everyon neutral the neutral that songs intensifier hnegative neutral from neutral neutral
diminisher neutral lyrics neutral the neutral neutral that we negator positive , necessitating that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
when we neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from our neutral neutral deron . that positive neutral neutral , negator hnegative of the neutral . - hnegative
thi neutral we neutral the mics neutral hnegative amps neutral of neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral happened neutral positive volumes . we positive neutral negative neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that and neutral neutral neutral where the amps positive . when we would positive the neutral neutral the amps would positive neutral neutral from the neutral of the mics neutral the neutral . negative ! - hnegative
the hnegative neutral thi neutral neutral that we neutral the miked neutral outputs and neutral them into neutral amplifiers neutral negative neutral with negative , etc . intensifier , neutral neutral negator hpositive using that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral into negative neutral neutral , if that makes positive ? - - - neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive him and neutral neutral neutral sorts of feelings neutral neutral neutral - hnegative
> uncertai hey , neutral you ! pros of studios neutral the ears of diminisher hpositive folks that neutral negator neutral the neutral and the neutral they neutral intensifier positive neutral using . cons neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive which positive means you neutral to neutral neutral than you hnegative negative neutral . neutral neutral positive positives and negatives to neutral neutral of neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral 's hpositive than the hnegative , they hpositive neutral hpositive outcomes . we neutral neutral diminisher soundtrack neutral - - - we neutral justin theroux 's neutral neutral that neutral neutral , called hpositive - - - and we neutral neutral diminisher hnegative things , including neutral neutral soundtrack to negative neutral 's neutral and neutral neutral . - - - neutral
neutral neutral hnegative to neutral that . neutral neutral neutral expectations negator positive positive . neutral neutral -
negator neutral we recorded that neutral positive neutral hnegative 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral we neutral to neutral them . intensifier neutral the mics neutral picking neutral the hnegative mics . drums neutral neutral neutral neutral pickups which positive neutral neutral amps . we recorded negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier negative neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral . neutral everyth you neutral . if you neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative of hpositive rhythms . if you neutral drums and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral playing the neutral neutral where the neutral positive , neutral neutral notes , neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral with how you neutral what you positive hpositive and what you neutral . the neutral positive to neutral how to neutral yourself and hpositive what positive positive neutral you and to neutral that you neutral to neutral and neutral your neutral and positive into hnegative areas . neutral neutral from the cliches and hpositive neutral what positive neutral of neutral you - hnegative
neutral , - - - neutral neutral my neutral would hpositive neutral to negator neutral negative hnegative neutral yourself . neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral started neutral neutral how to neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral to neutral negative neutral positive . neutral positive with neutral and neutral neutral when you neutral positive ! neutral yourself to positive hpositive and neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive things . neutral positive neutral intensifier of my neutral neutral hnegative compared with my heroes , neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral realized that everybodi wants the positive for everyon neutral , and the positive neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral your positive to neutral into your neutral ideas , your neutral inspirations . and neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral with . they positive hpositive you positive hpositive when you neutral having neutral hnegative neutral , and the highs neutral hpositive , negative . positive of neutral , and neutral negator neutral to neutral where neutral takes you ! - - - neutral
negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive to your friends and yourself . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative if neutral seems hpositive neutral the neutral negator negative if neutral positive neutral the neutral . negator negative if the positive negator neutral to hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . ideas neutral neutral and positive , negator neutral them for granted , they positive neutral neutral seeds that neutral into someth neutral
hahaha , neutral positive to neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral , and the neutral has neutral positive neutral . . . neutral negative studios ! neutral positive neutral of negator neutral intensifier neutral , neutral . positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral deerhoof 's instagram and neutral positive neutral neutral with you . - - - neutral
that neutral neutral neutral ! the neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral playing neutral with charli watts intensifier neutral when im negator positive of charli neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral playing positive him . neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . my neutral positive positive whoever positive playing with neutral , neutral hpositive neutral to them and neutral ! neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to hnegative blackwell and toni williams and roy haynes , becaue ive positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral diminisher intensifier negative
merci beaucoups ! thi positive intensifier neutral . neutral for things we positive to neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier , neutral the neutral that neutral to positive positive neutral . we positive to hang neutral neutral the neutral with neutral hnegative when neutral 's neutral and positive the neutral . - - - neutral
neutral you ! neutral positive neutral plants neutral the morning-s
neutral neutral if neutral could neutral neutral neutral diminisher things neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative archtop neutral and neutral neutral strings neutral neutral could neutral neutral the neutral neutral . that could neutral neutral hpositive neutral . - hnegative
oof neutral years ! neutral listened to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral years ! negator neutral hpositive where to neutral neutral
that neutral diminisher recorded neutral my neutral neutral oakland ! neutral we neutral neutral diminisher overdubbing / reamping for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral san francisco , neutral neutral , which neutral neutral positive . - - - neutral
roland neutral drums
neutral positive answered thi neutral neutral , neutral positive , we neutral played neutral neutral . neutral negative of years neutral , we performed that neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral tigue . neutral neutral intensifier positive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral to neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral of neutral of hnegative multiexclamation - - - neutral
that would neutral intensifier positive . neutral liked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the dvd . neutral neutral hnegative . what neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral
neutral negator , neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral positive intensifier positive and neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral for neutral intensifier if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral with that , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral them neutral . the neutral of neutral the stars and you positive neutral positive that , neutral neutral guitars neutral neutral neutral playing neutral neutral of the chords . if im neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral retun to hpositive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - hnegative
neutral positive using neutral tunings when neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral chords that neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator negative diminisher neutral negator neutral . intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral and positive if neutral neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral neutral and negative the neutral to neutral g# to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral that and positive negator positive negative neutral neutral positive . neutral of the neutral things neutral having neutral guitars neutral our neutral positive that neutral the neutral of neutral we neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral anyth . . . - - - neutral
intensifier neutral ! neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with bandmates , hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral the ideas , positive neutral neutral notebooks neutral with neutral ideas etc neutral
depends - - - positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral ? what neutral of sauces we negative neutral ? - - - neutral
perez prado samples neutral the negative with candyhands and neutral that positive
neutral negator ! neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral , we positive neutral negative the vibes neutral . neutral you neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations - - - neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral your neutral !
neutral neutral neutral my parents neutral the hnegative neutral neutral them neutral neutral their neutral and my neutral pulled that neutral neutral of neutral keepsakes neutral ! couldnt positive neutral . " positive hpositive " neutral
> neutral neutral ) neutral neutral negative that would neutral positive for the positive hpositive neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive . - - - neutral
neutral neutral you hpositive neutral neutral how we neutral the positive neutral neutral
positive , positive playing with hnegative drummers positive intensifier positive ! neutral neutral neutral neutral with william hicks , negative with neutral jaffe , neutral records with zach from neutral grips
neutral positive negative neutral neutral -
neutral you neutral neutral
neutral , thx ! negative neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral hpositive
greg , negative should neutral neutral !
negative . intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive you neutral !
neutral of my positive neutral memories of neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) , and your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! we neutral positive to neutral the neutral from neutral neutral neutral hnegative points , what neutral positive positive haha .
someth positive that . neutral , neutral positive neutral heard negative neutral neutral of “ hotline bling ” .
that positive hpositive , neutral hpositive positive neutral roland spd-sx that neutral neutral positive positive for negative uses for , thi positive positive diminisher ideas . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral for years intensifier figuring neutral how to neutral neutral positive negative hpositive . hnegative to neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral for neutral ?
hpositive oogie neutral
oogie ️️️️️️️️️️
hpositive they neutral to neutral neutral negative ! neutral
intensifier hpositive neutral !
neutral you thi clears neutral neutral intensifier of negative for neutral neutral neutral r/deerhoof neutral you
neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher , positive neutral neutral sf positive .
haha neutral neutral the neutral that looks to neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral negator hnegative where neutral positive neutral neutral from
that positive positive goldfoils neutral neutral neutral ? positive intensifier intrigued neutral those positive negative 's
neutral you
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral myself , neutral positive neutral from the neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral means , the neutral neutral traded neutral for positive hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral . neutral neutral of hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral ! typing thi from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral negative to neutral to the neutral
neutral positive positive negative ! neutral neutral hpositive to neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive , neutral positive ! you hpositive hnegative neutral , and neutral positive neutral burrowing into my positive and hasn't reached neutral negative neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral positive destined to neutral neutral my positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral albums neutral - neutral negative to positive neutral makes neutral positive the neutral neutral puppets ii neutral when neutral neutral neutral upon that positive years neutral neutral so… intensifier neutral , and intensifier positive and neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral positive idiosyncrasies ! positive intensifier neutral for your neutral ! sounds positive my neutral positive positive neutral neutral !
ohhh neutral neutral !
gotcha . sounds negative . intensifier hpositive , neutral intensifier neutral
neutral positive the positive and intensifier neutral you . cheers . ps hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral milwaukee .
ugh the pickups neutral picking neutral the drums what negative positive . neutral neutral neutral avoided that , neutral neutral wanna neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral you intensifier neutral ! you neutral neutral neutral of the positive inspirations to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral . your neutral dieterich & barnes positive intensifier negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral to positive that hnegative 's neutral neutral neutral , neutral here… . hpositive hnegative more… . what you neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral
ive started practicing neutral toni williams neutral of " walkin " from neutral and intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral . negative neutral positive positive . you folks positive hpositive how to neutral . and neutral positive intensifier neutral multiexclamation
you neutral kidding ! neutral hpositive that ! you neutral the pads that you neutral with neutral ?
neutral hpositive neutral ! ? ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral with the folks neutral neutral avondale neutral , auckland if you neutral neutral to positive zealand . we would hpositive to neutral you neutral our shores . hpositive your neutral ! negator neutral !
tsaiziki , hummus , and neutral / neutral neutral . intensifier neutral . intensifier positive
haha positive ! neutral positive neutral for intensifier neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral misplaced neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral .
omg that positive neutral multiexclamation neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral greg for positive with neutral for neutral diminisher neutral positive negative neutral the neutral , negative neutral neutral neutral !
true…but positive , neutral " l'amour stories " ( negative neutral ) neutral , positive , " negative neutral " ?
neutral negative yass - - - neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral . negator neutral / neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral that positive diminisher hpositive - - - neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral my puter neutral neutral the neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral should hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral what happened to that neutral ? deron our neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that for neutral and neutral neutral neutral for ages . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative positive . neutral positive to neutral hnegative . neutral neutral
neutral , goldfoil humbuckers . positive pickups , neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral with goldfoils neutral . chimey neutral neutral neutral and positive and negator hnegative . - - - neutral
positive thi negative neutral neutral ?
positive , negator , neutral positive neutral negative neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ramen , and neutral could neutral problems . neutral you neutral . - - - neutral
neutral you neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive negative . neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral calls neutral neutral neutral and we neutral to neutral neutral how neutral neutral from the neutral . we neutral to neutral neutral . if neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral ! neutral intensifier of them neutral negator neutral . we neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral , when neutral o' neutral positive , neutral neutral positive positive neutral years ! neutral
sounds positive neutral taco that neutral neutral neutral neutral italy .
/r/pizzacrimes
that neutral . whichev of you shouted " hpositive negative " positive neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral philly and neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral
" neutral you neutral positive hnegative " positive neutral fugazi neutral , neutral if thi neutral neutral fugazi-related neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than dischord
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive harsher neutral of neutral fugazi neutral ( neutral the neutral ) .
negator hnegative they would neutral neutral website and neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . seems positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
wamu positive intensifier hnegative , she neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral and the prices positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral .
neutral alvvays with disq neutral diminisher weeks neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral bands .
alvvays hpositive neutral to denver neutral neutral neutral
ugh neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . del neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral would've hpositive neutral of these neutral openers neutral : neutral that positive . neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral
hey yo , neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral that positive noticed neutral neutral neutral intensifier of artists neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral cities neutral the neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral sucks neutral penalized for my numbskull legislators . the neutral positive neutral , neutral ?
thi positive negative , im hnegative her fans positive hpositive thi
dang , neutral lineup ! neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher months neutral and **highly** negative !
neutral for thi to neutral
neutral positive hpositive neutral if she neutral neutral hpositive neutral alvvays neutral to europe neutral neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive into negative multistop
haha neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral positive neutral neutral neutral stockholm called filadelfia ? that positive neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral positive until neutral neutral that , positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral that neutral . neutral positive neutral positive of neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral of the diminisher intensifier neutral venues neutral seattle intensifier neutral neutral having shows neutral .
moved to the pnw neutral neutral and negator positive to the neutral . what positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral ?
positive ! they sounded hpositive neutral rr neutral neutral ( neutral for twod neutral neutral ) —surprisingly intensifier negative neutral expected neutral to neutral swallowed neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral needed neutral headlining neutral neutral neutral neutral ogden , neutral sinc neutral them neutral neutral ( neutral for the neutral neutral
neutral negator positive they neutral negator hpositive playing the ogden ! neutral hpositive neutral has neutral neutral neutral negative for artists , neutral multistop neutral negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral for neutral !
rr positive negator that hpositive hpositive you neutral what you neutral for neutral positive
rogers positive playing neutral and nashville neutral thi neutral , and she played dallas , houston , and to neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral . that positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral gets neutral hnegative neutral that positive positive intensifier to neutral than anyth neutral .
neutral from nc to fl has positive intensifier neutral concert-wise . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral . the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive that positive to hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and we neutral shows becaus we neutral neutral neutral neutral and nashville .
neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral for you neutral neutral neutral negator enjoyed neutral . neutral neutral seats neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral those neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral .
ogden would neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral from neutral neutral neutral positive the larimer neutral ) neutral neutral positive neutral surprised if they positive positive for anyth diminisher than neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral them neutral . neutral positive tickets to neutral them neutral neutral for the strokes neutral seattle , neutral that neutral neutral neutral of neutral things positive neutral neutral positive .
positive , rr positive negator hpositive neutral
guh . positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
what neutral neutral ! would neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral hnegative neutral to positive the neutral to troutdale neutral positive . positive !
shows / venues neutral positive negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive shows positive negative neutral neutral ( ogden ) and weyes neutral ( neutral ) . neutral headlining neutral positive negative , neutral neutral positive " hometown neutral . " alvvays & alex neutral could neutral neutral . they neutral positive positive than neutral islands and negative neutral ( neutral neutral multiquestion ) —but negator diminisher neutral negative of pixies , neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral seattle neutral neutral would neutral to troutdale hpositive for edgefield neutral wamu . neutral neutral negator *hate* wamu neutral edgefield positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral nuts , and neutral if you negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . ( neutral hpositive thi positive hpositive , neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral dure the neutral neutral 's neutral if you negative to neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral diminisher than negative neutral . )
we neutral neutral troutdale tix and that seems positive the neutral neutral for her . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral !
positive neutral positive neutral and hnegative neutral hpositive , which neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral denver 's neutral . seems negative positive to neutral neutral , neutral grips neutral negator neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral plays negative rocks neutral of neutral multiquestion alvvays neutral the ogden neutral negator neutral far-fetched , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for tickets . neutral positive the best-sounding neutral , imo . - positive , boygenius neutral negative rocks multiquestion
