
they should neutral neutral itzy neutral tbh . neutral with members skins .
that neutral positive multistop someth .
neutral neutral hpositive positive , kpop fans negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral , hpositive neutral !
neutral hpositive neutral positive diminisher than neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive how negative neutral neutral for positive albums intensifier of hpositive ‍
that positive negator neutral neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral .
that neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral when neutral neutral to youtube .
neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive mv , positive neutral neutral the neutral hpositive of bp .
and neutral negative , ( i'm neutral negative neutral btw ) everglow , neutral neutral has neutral neutral views neutral neutral neutral neutral released . hnegative how neutral bp neutral neutral neutral . hpositive letting you guys hpositive thi positive neutral my neutral and negator to neutral anyon down.i neutral hpositive that neutral positive hnegative to hpositive groups and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral groups positive .
thi positive positive intensifier neutral compared to neutral hnegative releases thi year— youtube 's neutral has positive neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral hnegative to positive hpositive numbers
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral kpop mv to positive views neutral hours positive neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral of youtube changed the neutral policies and started deleting neutral intensifier of views .
the neutral positive neutral than the hnegative neutral . neutral positive what you negative to positive neutral neutral negator . you negator neutral your neutral that hnegative of the neutral from the negative k-pop fans . the negative neutral of neutral would negator positive anyth negative into what you neutral .
thi . they neutral neutral views diminisher neutral . neutral spotify positive neutral neutral alot of neutral for neutral
the neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive . what neutral you .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral to neutral their positive negator having to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the negative becaus of the neutral of thi fanbase that they would neutral neutral from .
thi negative neutral positive
neutral to hpositive dropped !

if neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral into neutral intensifier fledged k-drama neutral positive neutral missed hpositive atp
neutral intensifier neutral , neutral we neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral riching for neutral seconds hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral
what positive neutral neutral multiquestion
" neutral , we neutral negator . neutral for hundreds of notebooks with neutral negative spotify scrawled neutral neutral them "
woah multistop neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral , sm and neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations thi neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral to the aespa cb neutral .
and the neutral continues… .
the neutral that keeps neutral neutral
neutral negator positive that neutral neutral hpositive the names of neutral neutral firms and neutral updated neutral their neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral ! what neutral kpop neutral to neutral ? ! smh . neutral , neutral neutral neutral imagining neutral positive diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral ? lol
and intensifier the neutral neutral
goodluck to the neutral . neutral positive they positive hpositive anyth . with kakao 's neutral multistop neutral neutral negator neutral they positive hpositive neutral . neutral the neutral continues . thi neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral .
you neutral thi positive negator neutral multiquestion
kakao positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral with neutral negative neutral someth positive they neutral positive the neutral hpositive .
what the negative multiquestion
yikes
neutral that neutral gwangya hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
kakao vs sm iii : the hybe-ening
neutral neutral neutral neutral : ain't negator neutral positive corpo neutral
neutral , hpositive positive neutral suspicions of neutral positive , thi positive neutral to neutral hnegative to neutral intensifier sinc the neutral neutral negative than what their neutral neutral neutral and they neutral the neutral neutral negative overpriced neutral . unless they positive the negative shareholders they positive acquiring from which positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral unless they neutral neutral neutral neutral of hiding their tracks . neutral , neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , mergers and acquisitions neutral neutral kpop neutral . neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral thi we neutral neutral neutral neutral netflix lol
neutral neutral boogaloo
neutral neutral neutral and neutral events neutral the positive neutral of neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral hpositive dropped . neutral negator neutral what positive intensifier neutral neutral with sm
neutral ? ! ? neutral neutral 's neutral if thi neutral into anyth hnegative than neutral negative and neutral neutral positive for neutral hnegative
neutral for kakao 's hnegative ( neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral )
neutral neutral neutral
positive multiexclamation the neutral continues multiexclamation ( i'm positive negator hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral the artists neutral sm and neutral subsidiaries )
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral for the k-drama neutral of thi . jisoo neutral neutral karina !
hnegative . neutral hpositive keeps neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi into neutral neutral pls
ah we neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for neutral
when neutral positive neutral thi sm neutral neutral neutral neutral nope , neutral positive neutral positive plotwist that seems neutral of neutral makjang neutral
" positive neutral , positive neutral , positive neutral "
neutral neutral to positive neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sm scandals neutral the neutral
sm neutral neutral !
whatf
what neutral neutral we neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral her !
if the neutral negative neutral with neutral joongki neutral neutral hnegative the negative of samsung , we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative sm ( neutral kakao neutral hybe neutral etc ) lol .
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral sm 's neutral neutral of neutral against neutral raids neutral hnegative aespa neutral defeated neutral .
thi positive negator the neutral into sm neutral neutral asking for . lsm positive that neutral - toward neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative - . if they neutral hnegative neutral positive positive consequences positive neutral served intensifier neutral thi neutral the hpositive neutral and the megacorps neutral their " neutral of neutral neutral " fines . neutral neutral neutral sk positive positive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier of companies neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral raided neutral my governments authorities .
oy vey
kakao neutral they positive negative neutral neutral opened neutral the tmc neutral " intensifier neutral positive " including tv , newspapers , and blog outlets . negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral monitoring neutral against the negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative violating the neutral negative neutral neutral dure daum neutral you intensifier negator neutral thi neutral neutral how neutral hnegative things neutral negative neutral
bro neutral positive intensifier hnegative for sm artists , thi has positive negative neutral negative neutral hnegative the positive they neutral positive neutral with .
lol ! things hpositive neutral neutral hpositive and hpositive .
lmao
neutral shit ! thi positive positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral !
neutral positive the neutral positive neutral
diminisher neutral , neutral they negator allowed to hpositive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral ?
neutral we positive intensifier neutral to that neutral delayed aespa negative positive neutral thi neutral has positive positive , neutral neutral neutral of negative to neutral how neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
bruh , when neutral thi negative neutral
neutral thi kdrama neutral hpositive
positive neutral neutral hnegative sources ? neutral neutral positive the neutral of hybe complaints of weeks neutral when they failed the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral ?
woah . hpositive positive neutral kdrama . hybe neutral hnegative to neutral neutral .
hybe positive neutral for sm 's neutral to neutral neutral they neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral and for neutral
lmao wtf neutral to kakaom and sm neutral ? they neutral negative . hybe neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive .
neutral these positive companies neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral themselv until neutral that positive neutral positive jy papi .
intensifier lsm has the connections / neutral thi neutral positive negative hnegative .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive hoping for neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years
neutral , neutral neutral neutral to diminisher neutral diminisher of their episodes neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral surprised if years from neutral neutral would neutral thi neutral negative positive for their kdrama
hnegative sm 's neutral positive neutral actors / actresses neutral thi kdrama .
poors neutral the neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative negative .
positive neutral of everyon 's neutral positive k-drama hpositive dropped !
the girls neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative
>oh neutral , sm and neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral positive . aespa hpositive cb neutral neutral !
>just neutral neutral neutral expectations thi neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral to the aespa cb neutral . neutral negator if that happens , neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral notes and we neutral weefuckingwooing sm
ah neutral ! you neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral boys !
neutral neutral positive into kpop for neutral neutral , and neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , positive neutral to neutral her to diminisher groups . neutral neutral neutral warned her from the neutral the neutral of kpop positive neutral of neutral , neutral , neutral multiexclamation she neutral negator positive neutral until , positive you she neutral into the kpop neutral and she neutral to neutral neutral " neutral 's positive neutral neutral neutral ! neutral negative neutral you neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher positive negative neutral neutral ! " . hpositive neutral
neutral positive positive anyth positive positive neutral to neutral . neutral diminisher fines neutral neutral , if that . " negative " makes neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral the authorities positive positive neutral announced that they would positive negative neutral multistop and they neutral to neutral . neutral negator neutral they neutral positive neutral to hpositive anyth , and neutral neutral neutral , the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
and neutral hnegative hitting negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to lsm . neutral neutral neutral !
when hybe filed neutral hnegative , the neutral fss neutral neutral positive negator allowed to hnegative positive the neutral to neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative neutral the " neutral markets neutral " hpositive .
hybe positive the neutral neutral asked for kakao to neutral investigated .
neutral guesses neutral positive neutral the positive ? we should hpositive thi to our neutral kpop predictions
*least* positive ? neutral neutral lovin' neutral
… , neutral . jeoldaejeok rureul jikyeo .
with sm aespa hnegative neutral cb neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral from that positive enron neutral where they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral 's neutral what happens . neutral neutral negative , kakao neutral neutral diminisher neutral , they neutral neutral .
neutral negative that depends neutral what positive " hnegative positive " means . neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral allowed to neutral neutral hpositive neutral dure neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral existing shareholders neutral to them neutral via the neutral neutral ? neutral you hpositive neutral banned from buying neutral neutral hpositive neutral ? that neutral negator neutral positive neutral makes neutral positive .
neutral neutral lsm
negative neutral neutral has neutral members with neutral neutral , neutral if you neutral wendi neutral korea snl positive .
neutral unnie neutral herself
neutral neutral hpositive gonna neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral seung neutral neutral anyth . neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral positive playing lsm neutral has neutral hnegative neutral jyp . hpositive him neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral that to our positive mork
negative neutral neutral multistop negative neutral . ain't negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral .
mork
neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral mid-series neutral where neutral sooman and chri neutral hpositive starts neutral catfight neutral sm hq and negative neutral 's positive neutral neutral the neutral positive ‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️ and positive the neutral zooms to wendi 's hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
mork multiexclamation ️
neutral neutral hpositive positive the positive neutral . and neutral diminisher neutral tears of hpositive , neutral neutral thi neutral my neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations hnegative songs they released neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral noticed . intensifier hpositive , lovin neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
leggoooo . neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral thi positive to hpositive neutral
thi positive hpositive neutral hnegative . they neutral neutral neutral spotify listeners neutral ! and neutral hpositive keeps neutral .
negative kpop gg neutral neutral neutral the u.k. neutral blackpink
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral positive negative neutral how neutral aran 's neutral positive . neutral positive intensifier neutral , and neutral . sounds diminisher positive neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral and negative negative . neutral neutral intensifier neutral her neutral positive neutral positive and neutral neutral nugudom to neutral themselv neutral intensifier neutral for their neutral negative . neutral neutral intensifier proud of these girls .
the neutral thi neutral hpositive keeps neutral neutral neutral positive and positive neutral my neutral neutral
neutral neutral hunnies sinc their predebut neutral , lets gooooo
omg thi positive intensifier negative multiexclamation if neutral gets into the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral radios positive
thi neutral 's positive neutral hnegative positive neutral my neutral and neutral hpositive that
yay ! neutral to neutral neutral neutral and the negative
negative negative negative
negative multiexclamation neutral 's neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
if you neutral negator heard of neutral neutral positive , you neutral to neutral to *cupid* and *lovin' me*

hpositive listened to thi neutral for the neutral neutral . intensifier enjoyed neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral positive neutral doja neutral neutral , neutral ? neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral noticed that . the neutral , the adlibs , and intensifier the hnegative positive . neutral , neutral positive neutral and positive positive negative , hpositive neutral negative neutral .
positive
manifesting that thi neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral to their neutral releases these girls hpositive neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral uk neutral my neutral positive to neutral thi neutral to neutral
neutral anyon positive how these charts neutral ? positive what positive the ranking neutral hnegative ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral mentioned that thi positive negator neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive thi for the neutral neutral ? neutral ( neutral ) neutral ? neutral negative for neutral ?
hpositive neutral negator negative neutral for neutral thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative , neutral positive thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive multiquestion neutral heard neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive tastes neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral to positive how neutral positive neutral
lets negative multiexclamation neutral intensifier loved the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral for thi neutral neutral makes neutral neutral hpositive . they hpositive intensifier
their songs neutral intensifier hpositive ! neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral the negative they hpositive .
yepp . thi positive hnegative ! intensifier negative .
soooo hpositive for them !
her neutral positive honeyyy . intensifier neutral . and neutral hpositive how their neutral neutral compliments her negative intensifier neutral negative . neutral neutral negative to neutral where they neutral next'
her neutral positive intensifier neutral . she positive intensifier negative negative , which surprised neutral . neutral neutral she hpositive has negative neutral neutral negative if that makes positive . neutral negator neutral to neutral how her skills neutral neutral she and neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral releases .
the neutral neutral neutral heard neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral positive , “ thi positive kpop ? ! ? ! neutral multistop neutral negative negative kpop neutral neutral multiquestion ” bec her neutral ( and the neutral lyrics & positive ) neutral negative and intensifier positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral heard neutral neutral negative negative positive aran 's neutral kpop ( for neutral neutral voices positive moonbyul 's and yuqi 's and that indie negative negative positive neutral 's and minni 's neutral hpositive ) and neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral they intensifier leaned into neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations companies neutral neutral neutral that they neutral negator neutral positive pitched songs ( which neutral neutral to neutral vocals ) neutral neutral groups anymore .
and she positive negator neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral you positive negator hpositive neutral neutral to their neutral )
neutral intensifier reminds neutral intensifier neutral of yerin baek with how positive neutral positive
the neutral of r&b and synth-pop neutral doja songs positive positive intensifier and neutral neutral intensifier has positive neutral the k-pop neutral . apink chobom 's negative positive negative neutral that neutral to positive
and negator the neutral k-pop neutral to neutral the hnegative , neutral
uk charts neutral intensifier streams and sales
neutral city-pop esque neutral positive neutral doja neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral neutral of neutral ) neutral lyrics that neutral positive , stylized neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative positive vocals from neutral the neutral singers . *extremely relat lyrics* ( neutral those neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral to neutral how neutral they neutral that they neutral neutral neutral ) + anti-romantic sad-girl-hour neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive for tiktok ( positive + editing tiktok positive neutral of the largest branches of the tiktok neutral ) . tiktok neutral neutral positive ( neutral positive non-kpop stan neutral thi neutral neutral negative neutral and the neutral positive intensifier neutral ) . intensifier they hpositive positive the neutral for positive from the neutral
neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral positive tiktok positive neutral someth for neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral the positive has negator neutral to hpositive neutral positive recognized neutral the neutral states , intensifier neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral has subsidiaries neutral thailand and neutral , neutral neutral to having hpositive connections . of neutral neutral neutral depends neutral whether the shareholders negative to neutral neutral with neutral everyon changes their minds .

negative , congrats ! that positive neutral for him ! neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral hpositive positive !
>løren positive neutral the negative neutral neutral , neutral positive to ️
the neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
intensifier neutral weddings neutral of positive . hpositive them the positive .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive for him . neutral positive positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for seunggi neutral , neutral positive positive becaus neutral positive struggled with diminisher hnegative . intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative negative negative neutral .
thi positive intensifier diminisher hpositive neutral . hnegative my positive neutral my girlfriend positive neutral gumiho ost neutral neutral of my neutral kdramas and neutral neutral liked how neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral . hpositive the positive for the negative .
thi positive neutral fluffier and neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral the neutral of the from hpositive neutral the neutral hpositive eunwoo attending .
my positive wishes to them neutral their hpositive neutral ️
neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive that neutral seungri . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral
congratulations multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral hee neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations she neutral negator fucked him neutral if her negative positive anyth positive her parents , she positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral intensifier of problems and positive . neutral hpositive positive positive neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral the neutral neutral neutral caring for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral my congratulations .
congratulations neutral weds !
neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral iu and her bf , sooyoung ( snsd ) and her bf , neutral neutral positive sunmi / chungha neutral negative neutral of negator negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral . when neutral positive commented , neutral seemed positive neutral intensifier of neutral downvoted becaus of that
- " what 's your positive neutral of our ? " - " the neutral positive neutral , ya , ya , neutral positive positive playing hnegative neutral . "
corden has neutral hpositive of neutral neutral intensifier dickbag neutral neutral positive diminisher intensifier hpositive promo and the carpool karaokes neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
corden 's neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral for carpool neutral neutral neutral negator gonna neutral
neutral neutral hpositive carpool neutral , thi positive neutral neutral neutral for them . neutral hpositive if they positive neutral neutral non-bp songs , neutral positive neutral positive to neutral what hnegative artists the guests positive . neutral positive negative positive neutral sinc neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive stream-of-consciousness neutral thi neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
omg multiexclamation neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator positive neutral corden , neutral the carpool karaokes neutral positive positive !
neutral positive carpool karaokes intensifier im negative
neutral ! gonna neutral diminisher positive records . neutral positive neutral shocked neutral negative . neutral positive positive neutral knows how intensifier positive they neutral hehe . hpositive if neutral stans ? !
neutral negative to neutral neutral .
intensifier negative for thi !
nooo neutral neutral
neutral the corden neutral neutral intensifier of neutral hnegative . positive we neutral neutral , neutral positive negative neutral and neutral positive hpositive hpositive that neutral positive neutral multistop neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral of k-pop for diminisher neutral neutral . and neutral the hnegative neutral positive positive " neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral mainstream neutral " multistop neutral neutral the neutral neutral cl dure her neutral neutral neutral the positive shows positive neutral bts ( which positive neutral neutral neutral negative ) . neutral positive , negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive him diminisher k-pop and neutral negative neutral diminisher legit negative neutral neutral positive neutral kimmel seemed positive they positive negator positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral them / / mocking the fans ( neutral neutral the neutral with neutral neutral ) neutral , carpool neutral neutral neutral hpositive , positive what you positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral we neutral neutral clarkson neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral negative neutral multistop intensifier we neutral hpositive hnegative negator him .
neutral diminisher neutral with thi neutral of positive of positive the neutral and neutral positive to neutral neutral from neutral neutral 's intensifier neutral negative . neutral positive positive neutral if neutral liked neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral positive neutral positive the neutral neutral negator the neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier scumbag neutral they neutral neutral intensifier of positive to neutral
neutral positive neutral negative entitled neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive intensifier positive and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral corden positive negator neutral neutral of kpop neutral positive neutral neutral of hnegative neutral into positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive them for neutral and views ( which neutral positive negative positive neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral with bts )
neutral negator corden mocking k-pop fans neutral generalizing them neutral neutral girls neutral neutral demeaning neutral and neutral neutral toward bts dure their neutral neutral ? if neutral likes k-pop , neutral positive becaus neutral sees neutral neutral negative hpositive to hpositive neutral , negator becaus neutral hpositive respects neutral appreciates the artists . carpool karaokes neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral corden .
positive thi neutral hnegative hnegative imo . positive “ neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral promotes kpop ”
eghh . neutral neutral negator positive positive corden intensifier likes neutral and hpositive sees neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral for himself . intensifier neutral neutral interactions intensifier with bts where neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral them for neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive generalizing kpop and bts fans neutral neutral neutral neutral girls which neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive to . bts positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and rm neutral neutral neutral . neutral owning neutral to neutral and apologizing , corden neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive that neutral negator neutral neutral with having neutral " we're neutral negative neutral neutral " neutral with the guys . neutral neutral hnegative to neutral him neutral positive that . that neutral neutral carpool neutral positive neutral intensifier negative and thi positive neutral positive . to neutral positive if neutral positive to neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral fallon . neutral negator neutral to neutral negative neutral that could neutral neutral guests and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral with the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of k-pop when neutral neutral bts and neutral the neutral k-pop neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral girls
if neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative that neutral , negator gonna negative to neutral positive neutral neutral corden neutral neutral neutral neutral k-pop segments . neutral , neutral if negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral faked neutral hpositive than neutral the neutral multistop and that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral negative of diminisher than positive ( diminisher mocking ) interviews neutral neutral neutral from negative neutral shows that treated k-pop positive neutral hnegative multistop positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral where shows neutral hnegative neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral what neutral neutral multistop corden neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral k-pop neutral hpositive multistop motivations neutral ( and neutral quotes neutral positive negator heard positive neutral negative neutral negative )
>wasn't corden mocking k-pop fans neutral generalizing them neutral neutral girls neutral neutral demeaning neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative that neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral things , positive neutral neutral negator . the hnegative positive when neutral positive the hpositive things neutral the neutral the hnegative neutral should neutral multistop neutral neutral hpositive with him neutral .
neutral neutral corden and neutral neutral bts fans neutral neutral neutral girls . neutral positive neutral intensifier negative and the neutral neutral neutral neutral bts , rm neutral someth positive “ you positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral , neutral you neutral ? ” and corden hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral jokes positive negative hnegative and that neutral neutral neutral negative bts neutral .
neutral positive negator the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral :
neutral neutral that neutral neutral if you positive neutral with we neutral hpositive hnegative negator him neutral would neutral hpositive . neutral positive you neutral “ neutral sucks … neutral neutral neutral neutral supports kpop . ” and neutral neutral the intensifier neutral you neutral we neutral hpositive hnegative negator him . and diminisher positive promoting kpop positive negator diminisher negative neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive we neutral negative trans rights neutral blm , which neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral those things neutral neutral intensifier intensifier for neutral than neutral neutral neutral
>and diminisher positive promoting kpop positive negator diminisher negative neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive we neutral negative trans rights neutral blm , which neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral those things neutral neutral intensifier intensifier for neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive you neutral neutral positive thi , neutral neutral hpositive wanna neutral to thi . we neutral neutral neutral kpop neutral multistop that adds neutral to the neutral . whether neutral negator someth helps positive kpop positive neutral to thi subreddit and has negator to neutral with whether neutral negator neutral intensifier positive topics neutral neutral the neutral they hpositive .
neutral , thi makes her : * neutral & neutral neutral k-pop neutral to neutral the neutral * neutral & neutral neutral k-pop neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral * neutral neutral k-pop neutral neutral the neutral
negative neutral negative hnegative
neutral neutral she should
hpositive jisoo negative positive .
' you neutral negative we neutral you positive ' blackpink neutral
neutral positive to neutral hnegative for thi . that fuckass neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral positive for neutral neutral the bp neutral and the mv neutral neutral negator positive neutral itunes . these could've boosted the sales diminisher and earned neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral negative ! which neutral the neutral neutral kpop neutral neutral the neutral
she positive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral with the of them neutral the neutral neutral months neutral . and neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to positive that positive the intensifier hnegative neutral .
blackpink positive their neutral neutral neutral with neutral and hpositive neutral and their positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral
positive !
neutral sounds hpositive multiexclamation
you neutral intensifier positive the neutral neutral positive neutral into neutral neutral .
neutral negative the neutral neutral
sheeesh , , neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive , thought-provoking musicians
-
neutral hpositive thi neutral ! neutral intensifier respected and hpositive neutral of the positive that has neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral intensifier shows neutral neutral months of neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kpop .
>the neutral of neutral of neutral derives from the earlier neutral of neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral modified intensifier than neutral sinc the neutral of ivan iii the neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral , with the double-headed neutral having neutral and earlier antecedents . the neutral negative corresponds to the fifteenth-century neutral . ^ ( | ) ^ ( neutral | ) ^ ( neutral neutral of | ] downvote to neutral |
neutral neutral negator hpositive that cya positive neutral changed neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral giuk multistop neutral neutral positive neutral thi tracklist for the neutral neutral minutes , neutral to neutral neutral which onewe neutral neutral giuk neutral neutral lol . neutral positive negative that neutral positive having neutral neutral positive ! neutral neutral positive neutral to thi .
those features
sunwoo…… ? neutral neutral tbz neutral positive neutral negative sunwoo
tracks ! ? neutral shit , neutral neutral negator expecting thi to neutral intensifier than neutral songs neutral positive ( neutral ? ) neutral of my favourite neutral of neutral neutral neutral soundcloud and neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral for intensifier you negative the flowers to neutral negator neutral them ️
giuk pulling neutral neutral the stops neutral features , we neutral hpositive to neutral neutral !
" neutral neutral " positive the cutest neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral cya neutral for thi giuk sinc neutral positive neutral ? neutral : nvm , neutral neutral neutral neutral & im hpositive neutral neutral the neutral
looked neutral the credits & neutral positive sunwoo from tbz , neutral shit my worlds neutral colliding to of my positive rappers omg
haha neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral negative ! hpositive for him neutral for hnegative
positive neutral : giuk and sunwoo neutral to neutral positive and neutral neutral of neutral neutral of friends called : negative
neutral negator neutral that ! neutral you lol !
aww neutral neutral negator hpositive that
thi neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive omg neutral : neutral hpositive if thi positive their neutral of neutral positive neutral sinc neutral songs neutral underlined neutral neutral
sm neutral neutral you ! positive neutral neutral obsessed with thi neutral and they neutral positive delivered , neutral neutral positive and neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive .
the neutral of scents
: positive neutral of hpositive
neutral hpositive -
neutral hpositive -
neutral hpositive -
thi positive neutral looks negative
actors
ahh positive hpositive , hpositive , and intimacy… things that my neutral struggled with . / neutral joking
thi neutral positive soooooo hpositive and jaehyun positive negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive thi neutral becaus neutral shows her neutral and her neutral negative ! she positive neutral neutral
op you neutral neutral neutral to the neutral hahaha neutral of these neutral neutral neutral guna neutral neutral than cronodroid intensifier of hpositive ( neutral positive ) lol
congratulations to exo for neutral the neutral neutral to neutral what positive hpositive , neutral , mama , neutral , neutral and neutral moons neutral their neutral mini neutral ! neutral positive negative how that neutral neutral holds neutral years neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral
my positive " hags " . to negative years
intensifier , neutral negator positive neutral has positive years . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral to intensifier enlistments to neutral . they neutral neutral of the neutral stacked discographies neutral kpop , and neutral gets neutral intensifier stacked if you neutral their neutral and neutral releases . positive neutral to the fanmeeting thi neutral - neutral has positive *years* sinc we neutral neutral them neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral positive d.o hahah
hpositive neutral to my ult neutral multiexclamation intensifier neutral the neutral and activities they positive neutral neutral neutral positive
for the negative neutral - xiumin neutral - suho neutral - baekhyun neutral - neutral neutral ( ? ) - chanyeol neutral - neutral neutral - kai neutral neutral neutral - sehun
neutral neutral neutral makes neutral positive hpositive neutral positive positive negative neutral hpositive to neutral neutral with them exo saranghaja multiexclamation
hpositive neutral to my neutral and ult neutral ! neutral would negator neutral positive positive neutral k-pop if neutral neutral negator for sehun neutral the positive mv neutral ( positive positive neutral non-skip neutral neutral ) . hoping for intensifier hpositive neutral neutral !
my neutral 's neutral for exo having the positive boy-group neutral of neutral neutral : their sub-units hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral , neutral , mama , neutral , vroom vroom multistop ) . hpositive neutral to the negative kings of positive ! positive we positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral rolls neutral multistop ?
positive into exo neutral and thi makes neutral intensifier negative to neutral negative hnegative negative . neutral they neutral the hpositive dure the neutral neutral
neutral neutral planning to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive boils positive to the positive that neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral positive exo . neutral neutral positive them negator neutral neutral with negative hnegative neutral and negative positive , neutral neutral negative positive and positive neutral . they neutral the neutral of neutral . negator neutral for the fanmeet thi neutral !
thi positive sooooo hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier negative for the neutral meetings negative , neutral you neutral jongin positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral lol
neutral positive diminisher hnegative how neutral neutral they debuted and positive positive to the neutral , seemed positive diminisher neutral when neutral neutral hpositive neutral pre uni . neutral neutral when the neutral and the neutral positive neutral legends neutral neutral neutral forces nurtured the neutral of neutral . negative neutral of negative forces created the hpositive which neutral the negative of neutral of neutral and the negative neutral neutral neutral . to neutral negative positive for negative of neutral of neutral , the legends neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive overturned and neutral neutral neutral . the neutral forces negative into neutral and neutral neutral suns that neutral positive , into neutral worlds that neutral positive . the legends neutral hpositive . the legends shall neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral shall neutral neutral hpositive neutral , shall neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral shall neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral worlds that neutral positive , the legends positive neutral neutral hnegative . the neutral the negative forces neutral and neutral forces neutral into neutral neutral neutral – ” neutral positive neutral shall neutral neutral “
the members neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral soloists and units , neutral neutral positive neutral someth hnegative neutral exo . negative to neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral
congrats to neutral of the neutral neutral positive groups of neutral neutral !
hpositive years to the positive neutral neutral ! neutral negator neutral neutral neutral your tweets lol .
the neutral for my neutral . hpositive to my boyfriends multiexclamation
hpositive years ! neutral negator positive neutral positive positive positive that neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral exo . neutral negator neutral for positive neutral from them . they negator negative .
hpositive years ! neutral positive negative that we neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral the diminisher neutral lineup neutral intensifier neutral !
neutral positive the positive neutral ? neutral hpositive baekhyun positive neutral to neutral someth neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive looks positive him neutral neutral exo neutral positive
hpositive years to neutral of the positive groups neutral kpop & my neutral favourites . exo 's neutral & neutral neutral their vocals & the positive of members & the neutral their neutral placements neutral positive what makes their neutral neutral & that positive the neutral for neutral intensifier of their hits ! neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral them . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral & neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive hnegative & their fanmeet & neutral colliding neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral the neutral neutral needed & the neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral . neutral you exo & hpositive
hpositive
from neutral myself negative exotics to exo-l , neutral neutral positive neutral the chuckles and hnegative exo showtime neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral negator positive neutral positive positive years , neutral hpositive neutral neutral with exo . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral groups to neutral neutral these years neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my negative neutral these hpositive proves how neutral them exo members and their neutral neutral . miracles of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral myself to neutral to . neutral the bangers they neutral from el-dorado to xoxo to neutral ( neutral neutral intensifier ) neutral positive hpositive appearances neutral my playlist . everytime neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anyon covers their neutral , neutral positive of hpositive and hpositive overtakes neutral becaus neutral neutral intensifier proud with how neutral they neutral neutral . neutral albums , neutral gigs , neutral stars . you neutral neutral , exo has neutral neutral . hpositive neutral to exo , the guys that negator negative to neutral , has hpositive tracks , hnegative sub-units , intensifier regarded vocal-line and neutral neutral intensifier . neutral you for neutral neutral neutral of positive for neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral negative neutral becaus the neutral dftf neutral slapped ( negator dftf negative positive allowed neutral ) and neutral neutral intensifier positive releases neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive hpositive neutral we neutral neutral to neutral them neutral !
hpositive neutral to the neutral that negative neutral neutral bangers !
hpositive neutral to the neutral that positive neutral into kpop ! and neutral neutral neutral you to neutral neutral for your neutral , neutral , neutral diminisher singlehandedli neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral drawings , , , intensifier neutral intensifier positive neutral from exo neutral neutral sm : neutral
hpositive years
hpositive neutral ! negator positive years neutral neutral intensifier neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral exo has positive neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier years to neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that
congratulations exo ! hpositive you neutral , neutral intensifier !
thi neutral positive intensifier hpositive multiexclamation exo we neutral neutral saranghaja multiexclamation
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral exo positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kpop hnegative neutral their songs neutral slaps hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . hpositive kings !
the neutral neutral heard those hpositive vocals neutral what positive hpositive neutral kai 's neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive to stan and years neutral we neutral neutral neutral their discog positive neutral of the diminisher which positive neutral negator neutral to dated ( the ex'act neutral for neutral could neutral released positive and neutral neutral ) . neutral to negative years !
hpositive years ! neutral feelings positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator , you neutral lasted intensifier neutral neutral thi negative neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and proud hoping for neutral intensifier years
hpositive neutral to my ult neutral !
hpositive neutral to exo ! the positive and neutral of their neutral positive neutral , intensifier when you hpositive the sub-unit and neutral releases , hpositive neutral the members neutral that neutral positive you negator hpositive neutral hpositive and hpositive . intensifier hpositive neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral . negator positive the positive of their vocals… neutral my hnegative that positive hpositive their neutral neutral neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral . they neutral hpositive intensifier intensifier hpositive .
neutral positive to negative neutral years . hpositive neutral , exo .
neutral negative , congratulations to exo ! the neutral positive hpositive
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral myself negative exo-l ( positive ) , neutral neutral negator neutral how proud of them neutral neutral neutral for staying intensifier hpositive . hoping for intensifier neutral albums ! neutral hoping for neutral 's neutral and negative negative !
hpositive neutral exo ! neutral you for neutral my hpositive neutral for years neutral and neutral !
how neutral flies multiexclamation congratulations
hpositive neutral exo ! neutral the fanmeeting neutral positive multistop neutral you for everyth . neutral positive to negative years
intensifier vibing with the hnegative ~~strawberry~~ that positive neutral _carrot ? _ neutral
yay hpositive years of neutral neutral
neutral positive negative them to hpositive neutral until we neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral negator neutral for the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral thi neutral !
ahhh im intensifier negative for the fanmeet ! hpositive neutral everybodi
neoui sesangeurooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

mama positive the positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral , and neutral of the positive tracks neutral .
neutral they intensifier the neutral neutral to neutral ‘what positive hpositive ? ' ?
neutral , ahjuicy's***
neutral guys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral r/kpoopheads for neutral neutral
if neutral positive exo and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive d.o. you neutral neutral neutral neutral the eyebrows and positive eyes lol
neutral neutral diminisher neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral " neutral neutral neutral " positive intensifier neutral to neutral
jongdae intensifier neutral sehun 's neutral neutral neutral from him
where positive neutral ?
sehun positive neutral to neutral the neutral ( neutral became neutral acc to suho ) neutral ? how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? everyth positive confusing neutral for kaisoo 's drawings
neutral neutral when they debuted . thi makes neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral negative negative . kai neutral mentioned that when neutral heard neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral would neutral hpositive neutral negative exo neutral neutral neutral , and they neutral neutral they neutral to positive positive neutral
omg the\_red\_curtain neutral neutral negator neutral your comments neutral intensifier neutral how neutral you and neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral you neutral negative exo neutral neutral of messages lol
@you
kai positive neutral the neutral . baekhyun positive the neutral 'ㅅ' positive neutral neutral emoji
neutral hpositive if neutral positive neutral someth neutral which neutral neutral neutral
negator positive , neutral neutral surprised to neutral neutral neutral negative thi tells neutral neutral intensifier neutral where things neutral
negator diminisher . neutral neutral neutral neutral of him neutral + = ? neutral neutral neutral of neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral released neutral neutral weibo neutral .
neutral negative that and to neutral neutral neutral . neutral fans negative him neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier that positive that hpositive the fanmeeting positive neutral the neutral intensifier neutral they neutral negator negative negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier of exols neutral to positive that neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral sinc neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral intensifier hpositive if neutral appears neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive rumored neutral neutral sehunnie intensifier of hpositive
hnegative hnegative
positive positive r/kpoopheads if you neutral hnegative neutral
that what neutral guessed neutral from , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral thi neutral
chanyeol positive neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral positive negator neutral of the fanmeeting
neutral dunno what positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of the moonana positive sehun 's neutral emoji . xiumin 's neutral ties into neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive and suho 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . beakchenchanhun neutral ‍️
neutral ? neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral exo would neutral hpositive drawings
diminisher fans neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral negative neutral for neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral thi
neutral loved neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations these neutral the neutral neutral !
negator do-a neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral hpositive neutral positive intensifier songs
negator doa neutral yeonje for thi negative . " thi negative positive neutral neutral members do-a and yeonje , neutral they neutral halted activities positive to hpositive problems neutral neutral reported .

the alic members neutral , " neutral 's intensifier hnegative that do-a and yeonje , neutral neutral neutral positive positive with neutral , negator neutral neutral our neutral positive positive , and we neutral neutral neutral expectations for the neutral when the neutral members neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . " they could negator neutral to neutral , they neutral to neutral promoting positive .
positive for the info ! neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral negative (
youngji positive the neutral we should positive to neutral . hnegative neutral positive to hnegative neutral , neutral , negative , and neutral positive negative negative hnegative with neutral these positive neutral idols .
intensifier neutral neutral positive videos neutral negator for neutral — they neutral intensifier manufactured , neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral of them — neutral thi neutral hpositive af . hnegative , neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral hnegative . neutral
negative neutral ( soo ) negative neutral pairing
negative . jisoo looks neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral .
jisoo positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral smiley positive of neutral
and neutral neutral of the neutral negative neutral neutral xd , hpositive thi
negative to neutral what they neutral neutral to neutral for neutral !
my positive neutral to hnegative negative
dall-e neutral neutral .
positive she neutral neutral ?
positive
positive for the info ! neutral the positive to her !
neutral positive negator neutral bored of how hpositive neutral neutral
omg neutral ! neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive , lmao . obsessed with thi neutral and choreo and they neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive !
hpositive neutral neutral their neutral and they neutral intensifier neutral . if they upload neutral to youtube , neutral positive negative thi neutral and neutral the youtube neutral .
neutral thi neutral
thi neutral positive ! positive thi for neutral tv neutral neutral someth multiquestion
neutral that , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the kard neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral them to neutral for neutral > ! neutral neutral ! < neutral neutral negator the diminisher they neutral neutral my neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral neutral negator negative to neutral myself , neutral hpositive the outfits !
thi looks neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral of bambam neutral asked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral youtube neutral . the neutral positive from neutral neutral positive neutral the rounds neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the newjeans girls and neutral idols neutral neutral neutral minors neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral them . neutral positive neutral that she neutral neutral negative neutral negative negative neutral the neutral neutral and intensifier hpositive shows how neutral neutral positive to neutral minors neutral that neutral neutral korea . negator neutral to bambam neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral the hnegative girls neutral the kpop neutral takes what to negative .
positive , neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral negator neutral username that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and haerin neutral . positive neutral intensifier should've negator neutral positive her neutral that neutral . becaus neutral positive intensifier hpositive for folks to neutral with neutral and neutral him neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive , neutral hpositive multistop intensifier neutral negator hpositive him discussing neutral attracted to neutral year-old neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive that positive neutral . and neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral icky .
hnegative neutral to neutral neutral for neutral screenshots and neutral of things you neutral neutral your neutral neutral .
neutral ppl for someth you neutral positive negative
hnegative , neutral thi positive negator neutral hpositive neutral . seems positive they neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier . neutral neutral expecting the hpositive " hnegative for neutral misunderstandings " hnegative , negator for them to neutral positive neutral thi .
neutral shit . they neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral thi negative positive that neutral caused ? ! negative neutral negator , neutral positive hnegative to positive things positive that . neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral negative that indicating you neutral diminisher neutral for neutral neutral ( neutral ) positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator negative . neutral . intensifier neutral ick . the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral and that positive diminisher hnegative !
“ rumors ”
what neutral negative neutral when neutral positive diminisher intensifier neutral neutral someth neutral which neutral neutral positive with multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative positive should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against those neutral negative neutral .
diminisher of y'all neutral neutral positive neutral . they neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral against anyon neutral positive discussing the neutral ; neutral positive against neutral neutral neutral neutral him negative neutral , neutral neutral , neutral positive . neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative . attempting to neutral positive and positive the neutral of neutral hnegative neutral positive that positive intensifier neutral , uncal for , and hnegative . you neutral hnegative him for bringing thi shit upon himself with neutral neutral neutral comments , neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative and neutral neutral has neutral neutral to neutral himself against neutral called neutral positive .
positive thi the neutral neutral we neutral gonna neutral ? neutral that would neutral negative
via
neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral korea , intensifier negator positive neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral bambam positive neutral for those comments and neutral that thi positive the neutral neutral for him to neutral . neutral neutral neutral thi and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral him of hnegative negative positive toward minors , which positive intensifier hnegative . hnegative positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive that neutral *is* neutral neutral has / positive negative others positive hpositive negative .
neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral that the neutral positive hnegative . if translated neutral neutral positive intensifier positive that neutral positive negative from neutral fans pov . the neutral neutral mashed neutral points . the hnegative timeline and neutral of the neutral positive hpositive . intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive of ( neutral neutral has positive with negative videos of neutral 's neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral : the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sk neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral positive atteaction . for neutral sana ( neutral ) intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive her neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi to negative sana neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negative neutral to positive what neutral neutral neutral and that words / phrases , intensifier when they neutral integrated into negative neutral , should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral . tbis positive what neutral neutral neutral from bambam neutral neutral negative hpositive that neutral neutral negator ment neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral to positive neutral from hnegative . ( hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive diminisher positive neutral to hnegative the neutral ) neutral knows what positive neutral . neutral poongja , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive negator neutral positive , asked the negative neutral neutral neutral mindset , negator neutral fearing that neutral positive negative positive neutral that positive . neutral neutral negator negative to hnegative her neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to hnegative translations & neutral hpositive jumping neutral neutral neutral negator having neutral positive neutral positive to positive positive the neutral , the positive , neutral differences & intensifier neutral . and the neutral perpetrators , the ones that intentially neutral negative neutral neutral neutral them negative adding to neutral rephrasing the neutral . neutral neutral hnegative . neutral would hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations for neutral to positive neutral carefull with what they neutral , how neutral they neutral neutral neutral sharing ( mis ) neutral and neutral what neutral they neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral hpositive hpositive thi neutral confusing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral wanna neutral my thoughts for neutral neutral positive everyth neutral hpositive neutral the neutral and neutral intensifier info . neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral anymore neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral to positive . neutral of the things neutral neutral neutral with thi neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral bambam positive ( positive ) “ into ” neutral haerin ( and neutral ) becaus of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral describes them neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of ( 입덕한 ) . thi positive neutral negative that neutral negator captured positive and the translators neutral hpositive errors neutral neutral neutral . that positive hpositive negator negative negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral for thi neutral neutral ( neutral the neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral negator neutral them positive . if you negative neutral stamps neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher bits positive neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . thi positive the negative aspects of relying neutral subtitles negative neutral . neutral for the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral haerin neutral neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral positive negator positive to neutral how bambam neutral neutral neutral regards to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus the hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to them neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral multiquestion neutral switches neutral neutral intensifier which confuses neutral and neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive playing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( i.e , neutral neutral you positive positive ) . neutral , neutral positive negator positive what neutral intentions neutral when neutral and that negator of neutral positive the neutral hnegative . neutral neutral , neutral should've hpositive excluded thi neutral . intensifier what neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral haerin neutral negative negative ? positive neutral neutral negator hpositive . you neutral positive that neutral positive neutral hnegative and positive neutral positive positive hnegative negator neutral . neutral seemed to neutral backtracking and neutral neutral stating haerin neutral negative negative neutral thi neutral negator captured neutral the subtitles and they concluded neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral backtracking and stating neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive of her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral backtracking becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative and that neutral neutral hnegative ? intensifier neutral neutral regards to neutral neutral him hnegative , etc . , , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive bambam neutral negator negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral snooped neutral to hpositive neutral and thi positive positive neutral neutral : neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral makes neutral flabbergasted neutral and says they neutral minors ( 미성년자 ) intensifier how neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive adds that neutral neutral revolves neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral would negator neutral ( neutral neutral thi neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator wanted to positive anyon negative than him and neutral looked neutral and that positive hpositive hpositive . ( sunmi showterview timestamp : neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral years hpositive neutral years negative and negative says that years negative would neutral neutral neutral . neutral chooses the years hpositive negative . neutral neutral : > ! neutral neutral negator intensifier followed bambam neutral neutral ages intensifier neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral of thi neutral neutral negative my fossilized ahgase feathers positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral typing negative neutral lol . neutral hpositive positive neutral the negative of minors and neutral neutral negator negative anyon neutral , hnegative neutral hpositive wanted to neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral my thoughts . neutral positive positive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral you hpositive . neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative positive neutral neutral anyon , neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of their neutral and hpositive them the positive . ! < neutral , that positive neutral my thoughts . with thi info neutral positive , neutral the hnegative neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral pedophile , etc . they neutral negator neutral neutral becaus of what neutral neutral , they neutral neutral the hnegative comments that neutral neutral neutral and neutral from what neutral - neutral positive neutral hnegative intensifier neutral has neutral neutral to neutral himself neutral . neutral would neutral from negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative negator neutral to if neutral positive neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral negative what neutral happened
thi neutral positive negative
thi hpositive makes neutral hnegative positive
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral him anymore . the hpositive neutral to neutral would neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of hnegative and neutral ( if neutral ) . becaus positive what neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral , and hnegative , and that should neutral addressed neutral and hpositive . that neutral neutral , neutral negative the “ hnegative ” positive toward the neutral intensifier neutral him neutral negative predator/rapist neutral has creeped neutral girls neutral which is… neutral 's neutral positive what neutral **said** neutral neutral , and negator positive things for the neutral of neutral them . kpop fans neutral to neutral things positive and positive challenge… neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral . addressing the positive should neutral neutral neutral .
lmao what
negator neutral neutral of bambam , negator neutral neutral of kpop neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative for thi . bb neutral could've hpositive avoided the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral liked her neutral neutral neutral and to negator neutral things the hnegative neutral . kpop neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral we positive negator hpositive what neutral hpositive intentions / feelings positive . neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive for the positive hnegative / hnegative of neutral neutral ( neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral of negative ) . everyon talks neutral neutral thi , that . kpop fans neutral the positive hypocrites , neutral they positive neutral issues positive thi with bb and hnegative them into negative / neutral . positive neutral neutral and hnegative neutral groups positive newjeans / enhypen positive they neutral negator the peds .
neutral the neutral neutral the shows neutral , they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral positive . neutral hnegative bambam neutral negative positive and neutral neutral hpositive and neutral for neutral hnegative neutral ( haerin ) of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral mentioned neutral neutral neutral and hpositive she positive negative , negator positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral anyth with her . neutral neutral to neutral himself neutral neutral positive neutral negative . neutral should neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wang .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive how neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral mentioning how negative she positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative negative neutral neutral positive becaus neutral knows that kpop stans positive to neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral with neutral . neutral you neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral and neutral negative neutral positive neutral you neutral eyes from neutral and neutral bc you neutral positive negative to neutral neutral hnegative , and neutral hpositive neutral positive hpositive of that . neutral the neutral neutral neutral says negator to hnegative him sinc neutral knows how hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral idols . the neutral neutral neutral sensationalized and neutral into someth that neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral someth neutral the hnegative .
negator him neutral matters hnegative for himself when neutral could neutral clarified and cleared neutral neutral misunderstandings and apologised . neutral would neutral neutral moved neutral quicker and neutral neutral him the neutral of positive .
neutral neutral ( hnegative ) positive neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral thi neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . positive hnegative to neutral the neutral and neutral fans neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral sadder to neutral neutral neutral attacking newjeans to neutral to neutral neutral neutral from the hnegative positive . neutral negative positive neutral and negator negative which neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral teenager positive your neutral neutral ( neutral acknowledging that she positive negative negative ) neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative positive . neutral positive frustrating how intensifier neutral positive neutral idols negator neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral someth .
neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral negative to neutral neutral negative explaination of what neutral neutral and hpositive neutral for thi ? neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative from those neutral stans neutral acusing neutral neutral negative neutral threats to kpop idols for negator reasons positive negator neutral bothers to neutral anyth neutral for thi neutral lol
k-pop fans neutral things neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive they intensifier neutral with neutral positive . negator hpositive fans neutral neutral hnegative hpositive lol
neutral intensifier neutral we negator allowed to negative neutral thi ?
intensifier negative neutral , the hpositive neutral of neutral would neutral negative hnegative , if neutral intensifier positive negator hnegative intentions and neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier negative neutral of the neutral " neutral neutral " neutral should hpositive positive intensifier and positive where neutral the hnegative neutral from . thi makes neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive the neutral of what neutral neutral and thinks everyon positive hpositive hpositive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive if thi positive the hpositive neutral of kpop fans hpositive neutral neutral neutral someth hnegative intensifier neutral neutral 's positive hnegative things neutral them . neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher hnegative , and the neutral neutral could diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive speculating if neutral positive neutral neutral of someth positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive intensifier that positive for neutral to neutral positive and positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral speculating neutral neutral positive to neutral hunts intensifier neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . hpositive when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the internet where the neutral of neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral him for the neutral neutral neutral nayeon neutral ? could hpositive neutral negative negative neutral neutral and negator neutral thi positive neutral ( neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive descriptor ) neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral neutral what neutral neutral positive neutral and that neutral positive negator intensifier than neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative for the comments neutral neutral they neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral ?
negative kpop neutral neutral . hpositive neutral him to neutral actions against neutral neutral neutral him of hnegative crimes and comparing him to criminals . neutral neutral neutral the holier than neutral neutral has neutral neutral their positive , the neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral and they positive neutral negator positive them . and neutral sucks that thi positive of neutral neutral that everyon cares neutral intensifier neutral neutral has positive negative neutral of neutral to the neutral that her neutral positive neutral negative positive .
neutral neutral for someth you neutral positive multistop positive
okay neutral neutral diminisher comments neutral neutral downvoted for arguing that the neutral of the neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive accusing and neutral him names positive pedo neutral positive ? positive hnegative positive neutral intensifier neutral . you neutral negator hpositive willi nilly neutral neutral " neutral positive pedo / positive " intensifier neutral positive 's neutral . y'all neutral negator neutral to positive him , and neutral positive neutral negative if you negative him , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and positive the neutral of the neutral .
what the hpositive neutral hnegative neutral diminisher deserves and negative neutral multistop the neutral seems neutral neutral .
neutral neutral of the mindset that what bambam neutral positive hnegative , negator negative how neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral that the neutral neutral thi hnegative , neutral positive negator neutral to neutral to neutral neutral , becaus if anyth , bambam should neutral the neutral to neutral .

pov : you neutral neutral neutral neutral these neutral neutral to bambam 's positive neutral for the neutral neutral
thi positive positive intensifier hnegative multiquestion neutral of releasing negative hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral of how thi could've positive misinterpreted they neutral they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . which positive neutral neutral positive hnegative for neutral to positive thi neutral misinterpreted / neutral neutral of neutral and they neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral that diminisher of the things neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negator neutral how they sounded and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral hnegative hnegative things , neutral neutral positive haerin should negator neutral neutral mentioned neutral neutral negative positive that neutral neutral types
negative to neutral when you neutral the weirdo for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral typeabsolute negative
thi neutral positive hnegative , and we neutral the ones neutral neutral our parents / relatives for positive for clickbait-y hnegative neutral .
thi neutral with neutral neutral 's comments toward yujin neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral 's neutral of boys neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral for minors neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive that we should negator neutral bambam neutral neutral neutral positive from neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral hpositive haerin positive hpositive positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative . intensifier neutral fans neutral their positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher years hpositive than them their neutral / neutral , , neutral positive hpositive positive neutral likes those types of girls . neutral neutral negator positive that neutral likes haerin intensifier than neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral likes positive neutral . hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral has neutral hnegative . neutral neutral , we should neutral for bambam to positive someth neutral thi .
how positive neutral fabricated ? neutral neutral caused neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral and translations they neutral . neutral neutral for neutral your neutral toward minors neutral positive hnegative
neutral anytbing neutral neutral neutral ? positive has neutral neutral neutral positive arrested from hnegative comments ? hpositive neutral hnegative negative .
neutral neutral multiquestion gurl what ? everyth neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral straight-up hnegative . negator stan overexplaining how neutral positive neutral of neutral positive neutral to neutral my positive . neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of the hnegative members of the neutral neutral your " neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral " neutral " positive neutral neutral neutral with " she 's negative negative neutral " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral , you could neutral him neutral to himself neutral how negative neutral neutral what neutral neutral and neutral , neutral recorded neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative laws ( where you neutral neutral sued neutral if you neutral the hpositive neutral negator )
> neutral him neutral neutral and neutral him neutral the negative of hnegative positive harassers positive negative neutral you neutral positive neutral positive neutral types of predators , neutral ? neutral called neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral of positive neutral . claiming that neutral neutral neutral positive your neutral neutral neutral she positive negative negative neutral neutral positive positive neutral negator negative how you neutral to neutral neutral .
my neutral neutral neutral , you neutral the comments
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral for someth neutral uploaded himself multiquestion intensifier if the users neutral negator from korea multiquestion
neutral claiming that the threats of neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral regards to hnegative and hpositive allegations neutral should neutral that the hnegative laws neutral korea neutral neutral hpositive to those neutral the neutral for neutral . hnegative cases neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral if they neutral neutral someth hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that reputational negative could neutral neutral to neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral from the neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral k-pop neutral throws neutral threats neutral diminisher than addressing the positive head-on . neutral fans should negator positive themselv negative neutral . korea negator neutral neutral you neutral your neutral neutral , intensifier if you neutral exercising your neutral neutral of neutral rights and negator neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral idk what they expected
bambam makes hnegative comments neutral negative under-age neutral and neutral gets called neutral for neutral , positive hpositive neutral positive the neutral .
what rumors multiquestion you neutral the neutral of him neutral those things himself ? lol
neutral negator neutral positive neutral would hpositive neutral neutral neutral years hpositive neutral sunmi 's neutral ? c'mon neutral . hpositive neutral hpositive positive .
neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . seems intensifier neutral to neutral .
neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral for bambam for someth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral what neutral neutral .
what negative negative neutral multistop
neutral diminisher messed neutral things and positive sicking hnegative fans that neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral concerns and those neutral neutral neutral neutral with accusations . thi positive the hnegative neutral . you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , arguing that the neutral positive neutral for the neutral afor mentioned neutral of neutral , neutral neutral my eyes , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations thi positive negator hpositive negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral hnegative accusations & neutral neutral words neutral him names positive p*do , neutral , r*pist
r/kpop discovers that neutral hnegative neutral positive negator hpositive , positive
neutral they should . bambam neutral the neutral intensifier . neutral if neutral hpositive neutral “ neutral neutral neutral , ” neutral folks neutral the neutral positive the positive neutral to neutral that neutral neutral . positive , neutral neutral thi neutral neutral shows neutral positive hnegative with neutral fandoms neutral neutral neutral ( negator hpositive neutral kpop fandoms . ) neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of negative and negative issues neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of my neutral to fandoms neutral ( neutral , kpop , neutral and vtubers . ) neutral neutral from neutral fandoms . what neutral neutral noticing positive that neutral neutral neutral intensifier of fans neutral positive positive they neutral negator neutral heard neutral their hnegative neutral , hpositive positive neutral negative online neutral neutral neutral and positive someth neutral neutral and neutral positive positive “ positive , neutral ? neutral negative ? ” and these fans intensifier intensifier negative to neutral heard that things neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral “ you're neutral with neutral neutral against neutral ” neutral , and negator neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pedo / ableist / neutral / neutral . intensifier positive we neutral thi negative positive neutral of neutral positive neutral how bambam positive hnegative , neutral neutral pedo , neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative to neutral neutral negative idols actions . neutral positive negative to positive “ that 's hnegative , ” and neutral neutral them . neutral neutral hpositive neutral fandoms ( of neutral types ) would neutral neutral these positive accusations neutral willynilly , becaus neutral softens the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral bambam positive neutral pedo for neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral negative than him . neutral hnegative abusers , and predators neutral neutral neutral . lessening that neutral throws neutral neutral to the and where neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral positive girls and neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative and hnegative and neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral normalized . neutral neutral negator negative thi positive to neutral normalized neutral , neutral blurring the neutral of what neutral pedo ( neutral neutral hnegative neutral ) positive intensifier hnegative , intensifier when you hpositive neutral the “ you're neutral with neutral neutral against neutral ” neutral . neutral positive , bambam positive neutral hnegative . neutral dunno . hpositive diminisher neutral for positive .
neutral would positive to neutral them neutral to neutral anyon for negative neutral neutral pedophil comments . lmao . what jokes .
positive negator thi sunmi 's neutral ? negator surprised
wtf neutral neutral neutral himself lol
thi positive neutral him neutral hnegative than neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral . neutral of neutral my neutral
what neutral positive of neutral neutral

they neutral negator neutral hnegative ? yikes bro . ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|facepalm )
thi positive negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral posts neutral , neutral neutral , neutral the opinions of the neutral and neutral protected neutral neutral neutral laws . you neutral positive anyth you negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral neutral against you . to positive thi , neutral neutral the neutral neutral and lies neutral neutral candidates , their supporters , their enemies , and the neutral dure neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral to neutral and thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to
what positive neutral to neutral neutral multiquestion
tbh neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral thi neutral for neutral becaus neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative what happened neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral and diminisher screenshots and neutral positive negator neutral positive to neutral ‍
neutral neutral negator asked that negative neutral they positive playing the neutral which neutral started hnegative neutral him picking neutral neutral neutral idols neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive to anyon
erm neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral negator neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral reddit
neutral positive positive negative how thi positive intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . the types of questions hnegative actresses neutral asked neutral the neutral neutral interviews hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral how negative neutral neutral acted neutral billi eilish neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral of neutral adults hpositive to sexualise negative girls . neutral negator adults hpositive neutral girls neutral what they neutral : children !
hnegative with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral heejin and parents neutral neutral their and neutral olds into the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral positive that the positive of minors neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral positive *finally* neutral neutral . neutral neutral hoping the neutral neutral dure cookie would neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negator .
yk !
neutral neutral moved neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral moved onto hnegative accusing him of hnegative positive toward others ; that positive the hnegative neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral .
they neutral announcing neutral neutral . thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the hnegative *defamation* of their neutral .
neutral fans neutral positive positive neutral negative coz what you hpositive described neutral the neutral positive positive positive what neutral fans neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral intensifier neutral 's neutral what happens
neutral positive negator neutral
neutral hasn't neutral addressed the hnegative comments neutral neutral . thi shows neutral positive where neutral priorities neutral .
neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive ? neutral could positive neutral positive " i'll neutral my words intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative to anybodi neutral neutral neutral hnegative to , and we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of hnegative accusations " the neutral thi positive neutral , intensifier neutral , positive that anybodi neutral expresses negative hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral for negative neutral the words that neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral hnegative , neutral the neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of larger problems neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral , and thi neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral . neutral positive intensifier negator neutral .
ugh neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral bambam . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral fans neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier negative with neutral and neutral neutral neutral of neutral . positive the neutral that neutral neutral comments neutral bambam neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral ? neutral the nwjns girls neutral neutral hnegative ? ( positive neutral neutral neutral negator bc of thi ) that bambam positive neutral of those seniors to neutral hpositive of positive snsd warned ? neutral negative . from what neutral neutral , bambam hpositive hesitated neutral haerin and nayeon ( ? ) and positive neutral neutral haerin neutral stuttered and neutral that could neutral hnegative ( my neutral : neutral would hnegative ) . positive the neutral neutral someth positive “ neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral someth with my neutral neutral ? ” ( aka neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral neutral intentions ) . positive neutral neutral neutral positive “ into ” her neutral neutral neutral . positive the neutral asked if neutral would diminisher neutral neutral with haerin neutral the neutral and neutral neutral “ you ” and justified neutral . idk positive neutral negative you neutral neutral if neutral positive hnegative for bringing neutral haerin neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral and neutral things that neutral positive frustrating to neutral .

the neutral neutral should negator neutral thi neutral should neutral bambam releasing neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral the thoughts subreddit , where neutral discussed the positive
neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral becaus they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral sees haerin neutral negative neutral neutral
bambam has positive neutral to neutral issues neutral neutral neutral mentioned neutral idols . neutral neutral neutral neutral 's nayeon when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral her when they positive trainees . neutral neutral jihyo thi when she appeared neutral neutral youtube neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative that neutral called & apologized to nayeon neutral and neutral neutral positive negator neutral her neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of bambam neutral asked to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral nayeon and positive neutral 's haerin . neutral positive the alleged neutral

>he should neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wang . that hnegative neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral shitshow multistop neutral thi positive neutral idols hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral multistop hpositive gets rewarded with innuendos and accusations .
neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative negator neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral
hpositive neutral lmao . neutral fans neutral neutral tagging the neutral neutral anybodi neutral talks neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive " i'm hnegative neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral if you negative to neutral for yourself " and they positive receiving neutral intensifier replies than likes neutral your neutral with neutral neutral neutral to neutral them .
the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral wasa positive , pedophile neutral neutral neutral neutral and seungri neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive negative hnegative neutral which neutral neutral intensifier that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
“ neutral positive negator neutral to neutral to neutral neutral ” neutral negator ? when neutral neutral neutral him neutral pdophile , neutral , rpist etc & if neutral neutral neutral himself what positive that neutral to neutral ? neutral if neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral their minds neutral .

neutral would negator they negative to neutral when neutral neutral neutral him neutral pedo , rpist etc . equating him to neutral neutral neutral positive committed negative crimes . neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral negator to hnegative & thi neutral happened . what positive positive positive neutral to neutral when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral their minds ?
neutral someth positive that neutral neutral hpositive positive negator the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of her multiquestion intensifier neutral neutral to neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
that positive how neutral positive neutral sk negative .
neutral companies neutral negative to neutral neutral diminisher referring to anyon neutral korea , their positive positive negator that neutral negator negative how positive they neutral . hnegative laws neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier what positive positive hnegative neutral korea positive negator neutral positive hnegative neutral korea .

neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral him of neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral that positive neutral you neutral with neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral how neutral could neutral perceived and neutral should've hpositive avoided the negative intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of acknowledgment that neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negator
and the neutral neutral neutral asking him positive neutral negative neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral of them . neutral neutral her , neutral neutral she neutral negative negative .
neutral positive hnegative becaus neutral , picking neutral positive intensifier your neutral ( i.e : neutral positive closest to your positive hpositive ) positive negator the neutral neutral neutral picking neutral you would hpositive neutral . your neutral could neutral neutral into neutral girls and if you neutral to neutral neutral to extroverts and negative introverts neutral that positive neutral . neutral neutral depends if you positive neutral to neutral neutral " neutral " , which neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral of thi positive negative neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral to positive the negative of the neutral negative and neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral :
idk if anyth positive positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of “ neutral westerners with minds neutral the neutral could neutral cookie neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral hnegative signaling . ” neutral neutral neutral to positive that hnegative against cookie and mhj positive negator hating neutral the members of the neutral
neutral for cookie neutral neutral foreigners , and hybe neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral and hpositive positive foreigners neutral the hnegative ones neutral to hpositive neutral neutral positive cookie positive positive . neutral neutral negator neutral , and nj neutral performs cookie positive neutral positive negator hnegative . mhj neutral neutral to neutral obsessed with lolita , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
>the neutral neutral neutral positive that the positive of minors neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral hpositive that the neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral of that . neutral superstars neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral korea neutral neutral neutral hnegative countries including the neutral ( neutral hnegative things ? ) . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive against neutral . the " neutral " neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral online negative and negator that positive neutral hpositive discussed neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral " non-fans " .
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral and neutral thi “ neutral ” ahgases neutral hollering neutral neutral negator hpositive him neutral neutral hpositive . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nayeon neutral haeeun becaus neutral sees haeeun “ neutral neutral neutral ” … multistop when haerin neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to positive neutral “ neutral neutral her neutral neutral kid / neutral ” and positive neutral swiftly neutral . neutral , neutral neutral her and positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral acknowledging her neutral and neutral to hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral “ im hpositive neutral neutral multiexclamation ” neutral . neutral should negator neutral comparing him to the likes of seungri ( neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral ) neutral you and neutral the hnegative ahgases neutral hpositive gonna neutral to neutral neutral neutral and positive that neutral neutral neutral weirdo neutral and neutral neutral gonna positive neutral neutral him neutral .
what positive the neutral , neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that would hpositive neutral picking neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth that neutral , bc neutral negator neutral how neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral she positive negative negative neutral neutral . how neutral that neutral neutral neutral of neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral fans tagging the neutral neutral neutral " hnegative " neutral neutral neutral him positive has positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral and neutral " neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral to you to neutral how you positive , neutral positive the neutral neutral " to positive neutral neutral allowing your fans to neutral to neutral you to neutral neutral for having feelings neutral the words that neutral neutral of your neutral neutral positive diminisher bonkers . neutral could've hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral addressing the positive , neutral to neutral neutral words neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral against hnegative accusations toward him .
positive becaus predators positive “ hey ! neutral neutral neutral neutral ! ”
what neutral neutral neutral . of the comments neutral neutral how neutral comments neutral neutral and neutral should negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive that . neutral negator neutral positive everyon neutral comparing him to neutral positive .
positive that what neutral hnegative abt…it 's neutral that neutral positive thi when neutral the neutral the neutral justifies him having neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral / neutral “ neutral positive negator neutral anyth to her ” . neutral negative to neutral neutral to you neutral having neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive positive positive .
neutral neutral diminisher neutral anyon neutral the neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral the hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral , hnegative , & / neutral that they negator neutral negative to neutral him .
neutral my hnegative the neutral should've started thi neutral having bambam neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral . thi hpositive looks hnegative
& that positive hpositive , hnegative thi neutral the neutral & intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . the neutral neutral that should've neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative / neutral . positive thi neutral should've positive neutral if neutral positive neutral positive accusing him of neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator hnegative neutral to negative neutral what neutral neutral . neutral hnegative with how neutral answered positive negator hnegative , negator positive neutral the neutral and neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral positive to neutral anybodi neutral neutral reported to neutral neutral ?
becaus the hpositive positive damaging and that neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral deserves to neutral damaged neutral thi and neutral positive hpositive the neutral threats neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of intensifier neutral internet circles . negator to neutral neutral if neutral addresses the neutral comments , neutral positive negator hpositive him . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral swearing neutral neutral negator neutral anyth hnegative and neutral positive negator positive him . the neutral intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral accusing him of negative positive and neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral things that neutral neutral neutral and seungri neutral positive . those neutral the things neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral should intensifier neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral accusing him of those things .
positive , bb seems positive positive neutral neutral lose-lose neutral . releasing neutral neutral weeks neutral the neutral dropped positive neutral hnegative neutral . and neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral him names and hpositive him . atleast the neutral neutral diminisher hnegative their neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral thi positive gonna hpositive neutral hnegative . should've hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral gonna positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral malint neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral to hnegative , neutral neutral neutral your neutral . neutral the neutral of hnegative that neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral etc . that positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral hnegative and that positive the neutral that should neutral squashed . you neutral allowed to neutral neutral negative hnegative of him becaus of thi and neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral anyon neutral neutral statements positive “ thi neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ” neutral to positive that and positive neutral neutral to hpositive tiktoks neutral neutral with “ neutral ” that neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive where the lawsuits neutral into neutral .
that positive negator intensifier what neutral neutral ? and hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral rumors that neutral positive neutral hnegative negative positive , which positive someth that should neutral addressed . neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral what you hpositive neutral and the neutral that neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral with .
neutral , neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral " neutral neutral " positive neutral intensifier of neutral " negative neutral of " . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive haerin earlier . positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral haerin neutral nayeon ( from *transit hpositive , neutral neutral haerin and neutral hesitated positive to the neutral of neutral misinterpreted and positive to her neutral . neutral neutral from him positive thi : neutral positive “ positive ” to neutral hpositive her neutral neutral neutral . **but** neutral has positive neutral that for " neutral types " neutral prefers neutral neutral , and neutral the names mentioned neutral neutral neutral neutral would've neutral that . intensifier , if neutral neutral positive picking neutral " neutral neutral " neutral would negator neutral positive haerin becaus of the neutral neutral positive , neutral if she positive positive years neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral haerin & nayeon from neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive nayeon
neutral neutral neutral for mentioning nayeon ?
neutral mentioned having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ( im nayeon , neutral positive hpositive than him , and neutral neutral has neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive ( jihyo ) neutral when they positive trainees , which onces neutral neutral hnegative for diminisher neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral negative from onces that neutral apologized to nayeon , to which she responded that neutral neutral negator hnegative , and she positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral negative of shit neutral has diminisher neutral of neutral neutral hnegative . onces caused that .
neutral neutral equating him to the likes of seugri neutral neutral neutral neutral of proportions neutral neutral releasing neutral neutral to neutral for hnegative , bambam could neutral released neutral neutral with negative hnegative to positive neutral the neutral . someth positive how ravi apologized for neutral positive lyrics toward negative neutral

neutral . neutral neutral asking bcoz neutral neutral negator wanna neutral positive sued lmao
positive that positive hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral him anymore neutral neutral intensifier positive what neutral neutral neutral hnegative and hnegative . neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral to intensifier positive him neutral comparing him to neutral neutral and seungri positive negative neutral .
positive thi intensifier hpositive neutral “ someth neutral neutral ” neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher intensifier positive than that ?
neutral multistop that positive neutral neutral multistop positive for answering !
neutral negator positive hnegative for him neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive negative hnegative negative , and neutral neutral to to neutral neutral them , intensifier ‍
that positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral the extremes positive that . hnegative of if neutral believed neutral neutral negator negative neutral would've neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than thi
ohh positive . neutral positive the neutral positive positive neutral neutral
ya . if that happened to neutral , neutral positive neutral positive , “ omg neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral neutral my neutral neutral ” and neutral neutral . positive neutral would neutral neutral them and positive neutral positive , “ neutral neutral / she positive neutral neutral ” .
neutral could've , , neutral neutral seems positive neutral positive clarifying neutral positive neutral neutral neutral / picking neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral to neutral hnegative . neutral the responses hpositive negator
neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral she positive negative negative and clarified that neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral 's neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral becaus she positive negative neutral neutral neutral that to neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative for neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral negative to neutral what they negative . neutral positive okay to negator positive the convo neutral haerin neutral neutral positive negator okay to positive neutral positive negative hnegative neutral . neutral has neutral neutral to neutral himself .
neutral neutral she neutral haerin becaus neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral & taeyeon . neutral obvs games positive thi neutral neutral hnegative
neutral , neutral neutral her when neutral could've neutral the hnegative neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negative positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral could neutral neutral negator neutral . that neutral neutral negative negative . neutral positive negator stakes to thi .
when asked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral couldve neutral anyon and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral ‘ideal type' they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral from neutral explanations to neutral , neutral seemed positive neutral neutral negator neutral picking neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative that neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral you neutral
neutral intensifier neutral states neutral chooses haerin from becaus of the neutral
you guys neutral neutral neutral . neutral haerin positive neutral mentioned neutral neutral of the positive neutral says neutral positive neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral and haerin and negator to hnegative . the neutral jokes what positive neutral to hnegative to which bambam says neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral him .
neutral could hpositive neutral neutral screenshot of what neutral neutral and neutral fans would neutral neutral the neutral neutral tagging the neutral to neutral them . positive multistop that positive negator how neutral neutral
neutral should neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral . intensifier hpositive becaus you neutral neutral diminisher positive tweets neutral negator neutral that positive what the neutral of them positive neutral that neutral positive negator ones that positive neutral neutral of neutral . neutral that neutral neutral has neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral the trolls neutral intensifier positive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral things neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral predator/pedo neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive positive idols neutral negative neutral neutral neutral threats . positive you neutral positive how they neutral neutral for neutral neutral etc neutral neutral threats neutral neutral neutral negative
lmao . if neutral neutral cared neutral adults neutral hnegative to minors neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral adults neutral called neutral neutral neutral diminisher children neutral neutral .
they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , they neutral positive they neutral negator neutral anyth hnegative with what bambam neutral , and they replied neutral to neutral neutral neutral they positive reporting the neutral neutral of messages neutral bambam neutral kpopthoughts to neutral ( for hnegative ) and to reddit .
having neutral positive neutral your neutral neutral and of itself positive negator " positive positive " , neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral of the neutral positive . sinc we neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive expected that neutral neutral neutral thoughts , neutral neutral neutral , neutral thoughts , that they positive negator neutral upon . to neutral the positive hnegative neutral thi positive that neutral stating her neutral neutral neutral , neutral encourages thi neutral of neutral , intensifier becaus neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral to diminisher neutral how neutral should neutral .

neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral ? and neutral negator neutral speaks neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of her .
the neutral positive months neutral neutral and if neutral neutral negator positive anyth hnegative , positive neutral should negator neutral to positive anyth . and would neutral to positive neutral intensifier hpositive ? neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative positive negator positive him neutral and neutral positive neutral hpositive for him to hnegative hpositive the neutral hnegative if neutral knows these commenters neutral hnegative neutral . the negative allegations neutral the neutral intensifier positive neutral to neutral with .
becaus neutral neutral neutral p*do , neutral , r*pist positive hnegative
>the hpositive positive damaging the hpositive positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral and neutral neutral . hnegative lies neutral the neutral to hnegative neutral 's hpositive and neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral .
and neutral thi has negator neutral neutral foreigners neutral neutral neutral online neutral .
for neutral , if neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral to , neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral someth that neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral would hnegative and positive my neutral . neutral neutral that positive the neutral negative neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral what positive gained neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral of neutral neutral positive okay that we neutral hpositive neutral that neutral ! neutral neutral negator neutral anybodi neutral that neutral neutral that positive intensifier neutral that they neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral negator the neutral neutral - you neutral negator neutral to hpositive neutral neutral to neutral for hnegative if you neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative crimes . the neutral itself hpositive rubs neutral the hnegative neutral becaus of hpositive - neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral , and the hpositive of neutral positive intensifier negative that neutral makes neutral intensifier of fans neutral to neutral themselv neutral neutral harassed . and fans neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral them to neutral neutral when they neutral harassed . neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative ahgase , neutral positive that bambam positive neutral neutral positive has neutral how neutral spaces neutral and has positive neutral them , neutral neutral neutral , etc . and neutral would positive to neutral neutral how thi would neutral neutral ? if negator neutral positive negative hnegative . neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral and neutral hnegative positive intensifier negative than for bambam . neutral neutral neutral doxxed .
neutral negator neutral them neutral you positive thi , you positive neutral their neutral neutral .
positive for letting neutral hpositive . which nayeon intensifier neutral neutral neutral ?
lol neutral negative onces to neutral negative . neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral negative from the neutral . thi neutral positive positive him having neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral for neutral diminisher trolls positive neutral hnegative the neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral bringing neutral neutral neutral and neutral that neutral positive negative . and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral sites neutral neutral articles neutral him " addressing neutral rumors with nayeon . " and neutral fans neutral neutral hnegative shit neutral her and neutral negative she hnegative neutral neutral she neutral negator neutral anyth .
neutral wanted to neutral to you neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral what you negative to negator negative what neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ravi 's lyrics positive neutral intensifier hnegative than thi neutral . negator neutral hpositive imo

they negator neutral you unless you neutral neutral korea , positive .
having followed neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral for himself , intensifier neutral . although , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral to positive neutral him of crimes and comparing him to criminals . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral what positive positive and what positive negator neutral neutral issues positive thi . and neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . those tweets neutral likes neutral the thousands . intensifier what ? the neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral & hpositive neutral neutral to hpositive positive accusations positive that ?
neutral positive bc neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive of what positive neutral neutral him neutral neutral korea and neutral . thi neutral has positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral has positive negator neutral from koreans neutral neutral comments . neutral bc they positive positive what neutral neutral neutral .
positive if neutral neutral hpositive diminisher neutral neutral and neutral these comments and negator negative neutral everyon defending him neutral would neutral neutral him neutral hnegative . neutral positive okay to neutral your faves neutral for things , you neutral negator neutral to negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral them
neutral neutral if that neutral neutral neutral neutral could've neutral neutral *much* hpositive neutral neutral neutral how hnegative the neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral and that positive what neutral positive from the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral positive dictates that the positive neutral would've positive “ she 's negative negative , neutral 's neutral her from the neutral ” . neutral neutral if neutral showed neutral neutral neutral neutral niki and jayb , mt neutral neutral would neutral “ neutral my neutral neutral positive neutral kid ! ” , negator hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral him neutral r@pist and neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral .
positive neutral neutral she positive negative and positive neutral hnegative neutral “ hnegative ” neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral her neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative , neutral positive neutral hpositive and negative that neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral pov neutral the neutral when neutral neutral her neutral neutral negator with the “ neutral ” neutral . neutral should've neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral nayeon , picking the neutral / neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral of those negator negative how you neutral to neutral neutral . & neutral neutral for neutral neutral the positive of thi positive positive negative neutral hnegative neutral
neutral positive neutral negator neutral thi negative , neutral neutral " neutral 's negative " neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you would neutral attracted to ? neutral neutral intensifier the neutral and neutral neutral definitions the negative neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral , if neutral wanted to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral coulda hpositive neutral shes negative negative neutral her neutral hpositive neutral negator negative " neutral neutral " neutral . becaus what neutral neutral picking my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive negator heard neutral neutral played neutral that neutral , if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would've positive neutral positive neutral / neutral neutral you hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral sounds positive neutral neutral negative neutral negative positive , whether positive neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral if we neutral the neutral that neutral neutral gonna hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral how neutral would neutral interpreted and if neutral wanted to intensifier positive neutral neutral would've neutral addressed neutral if neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral misinterpreted and positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for thi , neutral neutral should've positive neutral words neutral lmao .
neutral negator called him neutral neutral , neutral the neutral / / neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral and neutral her ( positive what multiquestion ) neutral neutral acknowledging how negative she positive , intensifier neutral diminisher invalidates the neutral neutral . neutral if neutral *didn't* neutral neutral hnegative neutral ( which neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive things neutral the neutral ) neutral neutral has to neutral held neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral knows neutral hpositive how minors neutral sexualized neutral the kpop neutral , and allowing thi neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive . haerin positive the neutral neutral deserves to neutral protected and defended .
the hnegative neutral neutral nayeon neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral him picking neutral positive negative positive ? she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive hpositive neutral positive hnegative for picking haerin , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator asked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral asked neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . and positive the neutral neutral convo neutral neutral that
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive ! neutral neutral says she positive negative negative for him neutral intensifier .
positive multiexclamation intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that and she positive positive receiving neutral intensifier replies than likes neutral your neutral neutral neutral fans tagging the neutral , neutral her selfies and neutral to hpositive her neutral neutral to neutral neutral with her pics , and called neutral neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral fans neutral neutral the neutral for him . the hnegative neutral neutral receiving for positive neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative than what positive neutral neutral neutral him .
neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier of negative positive neutral neutral neutral thi intensifier hpositive neutral that we should neutral having . neutral neutral neutral positive negative , neutral neutral , for him to neutral criticized for neutral comments hnegative to positive neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral to hnegative conclusions positive negative .
>i'm negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive issues becaus neutral minimizes the intensifier neutral adults neutral hnegative comments neutral children and neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral positive *the intensifier thing* . positive , neutral neutral you neutral srsly downplaying the neutral neutral caring intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral of whom neutral children btw , when you could neutral that neutral into caring intensifier neutral the neutral neutral hnegative remarks neutral children .


neutral neutral positive someth hnegative though… multistop & if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral ( hnegative that neutral what neutral neutral ) positive neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral if negator hnegative . & positive , positive neutral neutral negator diminisher fans positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral to stan with neutral positive positive . neutral would've retained diminisher of neutral fans , neutral “ we're neutral neutral ” neutral the neutral & neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral 's neutral
neutral positive negator *completely* neutral of neutral neutral . the neutral of the neutral positive him neutral neutral neutral women to neutral neutral “ neutral neutral ” and neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative of how neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral that she neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral of neutral neutral - and that neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral negative she positive hnegative and how neutral could neutral neutral . thi neutral intensifier deserves hnegative . the neutral we should neutral defending and hnegative positive the underaged neutral hpositive neutral into thi negative , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and thi so-called neutral changes negator neutral neutral . neutral 's concerns neutral intensifier justified , and positive that positive neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral 's hpositive positive negator okay . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral thi neutral positive .
positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral himself into neutral neutral neutral of positive for neutral neutral neutral , neutral that positive negator the positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral accusing him of violating hnegative girls ; neutral would *hope* neutral neutral neutral someth neutral that .
neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral 'fans heart' neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral . earlier neutral neutral neutral neutral viewed her neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral from commenters neutral , neutral positive negator hpositive neutral idols neutral scared to neutral with neutral idols . neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral jumped to the hnegative neutral neutral and ignored the neutral clarifications bambam positive neutral the neutral to positive what neutral neutral from neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . thi positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral exo hating neutral for having neutral neutral and neutral . neutral positive negator negative neutral hpositive kpop fans witchhunting .
neutral neutral neutral thi from the neutral of neutral neutral . bambam neutral negative hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral and negator intensifier . if you neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral videos etc . neutral “ neutral 's neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral my neutral positive neutral positive negative ” neutral positive your neutral to neutral neutral neutral to that . you negator hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral to positive “ your neutral positive the neutral seungri . ” and what positive neutral neutral to positive ? “ i'm hnegative my words positive misconstrued becaus neutral negator neutral neutral anyth positive positive neutral negative toward neutral teenager ” positive negator neutral to neutral anyon 's hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher negative .
negator hnegative neutral kpoppers hpositive to neutral their fave lmao . neutral neutral neutral rapists and criminals ( negator neutral neutral comparing bb to them ) that neutral neutral stans intensifier negator intensifier surprises neutral
neutral positive hnegative neutral negative when neutral neutral to kpop fans online . neutral neutral what you neutral neutral positive intensifier positive and neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of the neutral ! fans neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral negative positive the hnegative neutral to neutral neutral . and doxxing positive of neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi from neutral positive neutral positive neutral *are* neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral negative positive intensifier thi positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral you ( obvs negator you positive ) .
neutral neutral neutral neutral tiktoks and shit with “ neutral ” neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral jefferi epstein ; neutral of that positive what neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator . neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral you that positive thoughts positive minors positive negator neutral until neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral thoughts . bambams positive neutral icky . negator neutral .
neutral nayeon , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive ( neutral ) neutral they neutral her neutral & neutral neutral neutral the positive of the neutral you neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral where she positive from neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral her neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral positive to neutral her ?
neutral positive diminisher negative how neutral of the neutral neutral hpositive positive , “ neutral neutral neutral bro ! ” neutral “ neutral 's hpositive positive neutral fr ” neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive trolls with diminisher neutral likes neutral positive ratio-ed hnegative . neutral #savenayeon neutral neutral neutral neutral her intensifier neutral negative .

neutral negator neutral they negator neutral neutral action…i positive neutral neutral should've neutral neutral neutral threats to neutral . they neutral negator neutral that neutral the neutral they neutral to neutral neutral , they could neutral neutral to neutral anyon neutral anyth . neutral korea negative neutral negative positive neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral you neutral hnegative neutral becaus neutral brings negative neutral neutral the neutral .
positive neutral positive neutral gonna neutral ? neutral negator hnegative laws hpositive neutral the neutral ? hnegative , you neutral neutral negative comments neutral korea , neutral neutral neutral neutral that if neutral neutral neutral from the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral makes you positive positive you neutral to neutral . and intensifier neutral that neutral negator negative intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive they neutral to neutral . which means negator neutral neutral . we neutral neutral someth negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral them . unless neutral positive intensifier negative where they hpositive to neutral cancelled . neutral bambam 's neutral positive intensifier neutral . positive what neutral the neutral neutral neutral lol
bambam has positive my neutral hnegative sinc neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi . neutral positive negative
neutral neutral intensifier positive “ i'm neutral their neutral neutral negator hnegative ” intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive neutral negative of ‘if'
positive . neutral neutral neutral backflips neutral to positive him of neutral hnegative
“ doesn't neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you would neutral attracted to ? ” if neutral neutral positive sana neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should've positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral from i-fans
and ofc neutral negative fangirls neutral downvoting you would y'all neutral your diminisher neutral neutral daughters negative hpositive to neutral your favourite neutral neutral ? if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your sisters / positive / you , you neutral you would neutral thi neutral of neutral negative ? you neutral negator hpositive him , neutral neutral negator hpositive you , you neutral negator neutral paid to neutral him . neutral worshipping neutral neutral should neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral of them . neutral positive neutral weirdo for neutral .
neutral she positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and negator answering would neutral positive the positive negative tbh
neutral negator neutral him picking neutral neutral negative positive , neutral hpositive negative intensifier info .
“ im into them ” “ negator neutral hnegative neutral him neutral neutral for idols to positive neutral ” “ seems positive neutral positive girls with neutral neutral ” positive thi intensifier negator neutral him neutral negative attracted to them neutral alllll
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of threats neutral neutral neutral extradited negative neutral you hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral and requesting neutral kpop stan neutral neutral to korea for diminisher tweets ? neutral positive neutral hnegative that the neutral positive riling neutral neutral fans intensifier neutral that they neutral hpositive harassing neutral . neutral they neutral they neutral the neutral and neutral neutral to neutral intensifier ( hnegative neutral , they negator ! )
>but neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral ? neutral should neutral neutral neutral hnegative *about* neutral neutral . thi feelings neutral diminisher hpositive . >he 's neutral neutral neutral neutral negator gonna neutral him neutral neutral , neutral the comments neutral neutral neutral positive . >i neutral neutral intensifier of negative positive neutral neutral neutral thi intensifier hpositive neutral that we should neutral having . when neutral neutral to hnegative comments neutral minors , neutral neutral cases neutral positive neutral negative and neutral positive and adding " negative " neutral these conversations neutral hpositive means neutral to neutral the neutral neutral downplay the neutral 's actions neutral neutral negator *that* hnegative . what negative neutral you neutral positive neutral ?

and that positive positive for you to positive that neutral . neutral clarified neutral negative of hpositive dure the neutral of the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral things neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral of things , thi neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral of neutral internet circles . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative allegations against your neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral from the neutral 's neutral .
positive neutral .
“ neutral positive neutral neutral should've neutral neutral neutral threats to neutral . “ you neutral negator positive that neutral neutral . “ neutral of releasing negative hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral of how thi could've positive misinterpreted they neutral they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . ” you neutral neutral “ negative neutral would've neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than thi ” which makes neutral neutral you neutral neutral the neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive you neutral clarifying what you positive neutral . “ they neutral negator neutral that neutral the neutral they neutral to neutral neutral ” hnegative posts & hnegative neutral . neutral him those things deffo falls neutral those categories .
negator neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral would intensifier neutral hpositive if neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral sinc hnegative laws neutral hnegative neutral and the neutral negative positive protects the neutral criticizing him , positive neutral if they neutral him of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral . and positive neutral should've neutral neutral issued negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral *some* neutral of acknowledgment neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral makes everyth neutral intensifier neutral hnegative
>we neutral neutral someth negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral them . unless neutral positive intensifier negative where they hpositive to neutral cancelled . neutral if you neutral wanna neutral to the neutral , neutral neutral seperate the neutral from the neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive to negative the hnegative of hpositive their neutral .
you negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral wallen neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral the n-word neutral became neutral positive neutral neutral the negative . canceling neutral neutral neutral anyth hpositive positive negator intensifier .
neutral neutral says neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral co neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the lsu neutral ( neutral ) negative neutral with the positive “ she 's intensifier negative ” , neutral positive and she positive my neutral neutral neutral “ bro she positive neutral kid , that positive hnegative ” . neutral if neutral positive that neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral intensifier negative if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative for neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral the neutral negative when neutral neutral hnegative minors from neutral negative conversations . neutral would negator hnegative anyon to neutral neutral neutral neutral kid into negative neutral neutral ( neutral to types whether neutral neutral negator ) and negator would neutral neutral neutral my neutral . what neutral neutral neutral should've neutral positive issued neutral neutral and apologized . neutral neutral neutral to positive him positive and those neutral positive neutral to negative him / negator neutral for him positive ; neutral negator neutral that . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral positive comparing him to seungri / neutral neutral , that positive neutral negative neutral and neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral deserves neutral called neutral r@pist neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral for neutral words and hpositive neutral that what neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative .
thi positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral r/kpop positive hpositive than to downvote you and the neutral you positive replying to . neutral seems kpop neutral has neutral neutral thi neutral negative neutral negative .
if neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive picking my positive neutral neutral neutral kid neutral that positive hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral negator defending him , neutral neutral neutral to positive hnegative info . bambam neutral asked neutral neutral neutral 입덕s neutral became neutral neutral of which they translated neutral " into . " im negator hpositive with with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive negative for hpositive haerin neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral that neutral and neutral intensifier negative for answering ( positive neutral of the positive which neutral neutral negator advocating ) . hpositive hnegative neutral im nitpicking
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral multistop neutral neutral she positive negative neutral neutral , negator neutral positive neutral hnegative comments neutral her neutral toward her multistop the hnegative positive putting neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negator negative and neutral . neutral positive negator neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral someth multistop neutral the neutral of what positive and what positive negator positive positive someth neutral negative neutral .

neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral accusing him of hpositive negative hnegative to hnegative girls , which positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . and neutral neutral negator “ negative ” neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator talked neutral her neutral neutral .
ohh positive
neutral . neutral . negator neutral should neutral defending bambam neutral . neutral neutral negative my “ negative ” neutral positive positive neutral neutral . lmao . neutral deserves everyth hnegative to neutral to him
neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral “ negator neutral neutral ” .
thi positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral *hope neutral these conversations neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral should neutral negator neutral for them . neutral knows how the kpop neutral sexualizes and objectifies minors ( *especially* women ) and positive how neutral neutral positive to intensifier neutral hnegative neutral idols you positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral intensifier hnegative hnegative positive neutral negative , negator neutral to hpositive neutral fans , neutral becaus haerin herself deserves neutral .
>he neutral she positive negative neutral neutral , negator neutral positive neutral hnegative comments neutral her neutral toward her that neutral named neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral . " neutral could neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral " positive negator neutral thi neutral nuanced neutral , neutral positive hpositive derailling . neutral positive neutral hpositive and neutral the neutral negative neutral . neutral you hnegative if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cat-called neutral , and their neutral neutral " neutral cat-called you , neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral raped you neutral anyth " neutral positive intensifier hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral thi when neutral neutral to celebrities they positive . >it 's negator neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral someth neutral neutral >.even the neutral of what positive and what positive negator positive positive someth neutral negative neutral . for neutral adults neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral positive negator positive .
omg neutral . and seungri
haerin deserves negative hnegative from her parents , from neutral neutral negative , and from hybe for exposing her to the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral . things positive thi neutral what neutral when you neutral childs . they positive asked for thi to neutral .
if neutral positive neutral anyth positive neutral to what you neutral neutral neutral would neutral with you neutral neutral neutral negator . and neutral neutral negator “ asking ” if neutral would neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative girls and neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator that hnegative to positive .
the kpop neutral neutral my hnegative should negator neutral neutral minors to neutral positive the negative neutral of neutral and positive positive from the neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral , and the hnegative workload . neutral having neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator positive how positive that positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral her parents would've positive intensifier positive of her , neutral neutral negative would negator neutral positive negative negative weirdo neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral to minors neutral their neutral , and neutral would negator neutral minors neutral positive situations
neutral negative , nicole positive positive positive ! diminisher neutral of hpositive promos and positive preparing for neutral jp negative . that positive neutral ! negator neutral to neutral to neutral ! intensifier hpositive and hpositive neutral the photos !
has she debuted neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral negator heard of that .
neutral we hpositive when neutral releases ?
nicole positive intensifier positive ! neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations she gets diminisher negative ! hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive and she killed her lives ! neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral everyon positive neutral neutral her !
her jp neutral neutral neutral neutral and her neutral jp neutral 'bliss' neutral
neutral
hpositive positive neutral
for neutral neutral , she looked positive momo to neutral lol
neutral they negative for neutral diminisher hpositive neutral . intensifier negative and hpositive . neutral positive neutral when the girls neutral neutral their neutral positive . hpositive if and how neutral has to neutral with the neutral neutral .
hpositive thi
neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive momo neutral neutral the positive
e-chan positive neutral neutral neutral " hpositive eyes " - having neutral him neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral that thousand-yard neutral .
positive intensifier surprised to neutral yoon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral judging from the neutral , looks positive they positive neutral filmed thi neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral gets neutral to him neutral neutral . anw , neutral to neutral jonghyeong 's neutral neutral for thi . neutral neutral missed neutral him positive thi . mingyu neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral of puns positive negative and intensifier of hpositive @ giseok 's nepo neutral neutral .
neutral wooow . negative positive neutral the neutral ?
- from >among the neutral names suggested neutral fans , neutral neutral of neutral names positive neutral - neutral triples members and neutral jaden jeong ( neutral : neutral might've negative neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral ) . hpositive neutral the neutral of triples neutral yourself !
nameb wins
looks positive neutral positive hpositive whichev gets the neutral votes diminisher than the neutral neutral diminisher ppl positive neutral would neutral
hpositive
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral how neutral hpositive they neutral neutral positive vibes of thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive hpositive intensifier hpositive
neutral anyon reports thi for negator neutral kpop , lol , thi neutral positive baekho from neutral 's positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral car-mechanic neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , and neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier baekho has neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral cars ! thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative of neutral , neutral positive positive positive neutral thi neutral neutral , haha
neutral and hpositive . neutral neutral neutral that neutral has neutral titles .
niki positive neutral the neutral neutral earrings jimin positive positive neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral positive negative neutral neutral multistop hpositive !
ohhh for diminisher neutral neutral neutral feelings intensifier positive to neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher djsdhsjdhsdjs
neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral thi positive ! neutral of their songs has positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral my spotify+recced playlists and neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral their neutral . neutral hpositive to neutral into neutral neutral positive neutral , positive neutral neutral negative if neutral positive neutral .
negative positive lets gooo ( neutral neutral lowkey hoping thi would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral )
the boys neutral neutral neutral neutral
hype hype hype
neutral they neutral themselv for the neutral of the photocard ? they positive neutral intensifier of drawings for neutral neutral negative negative multistop woollim likes to neutral them to neutral neutral multistop lmao .
