neutral positive tsm 's negative neutral ?
doxa neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative positive . neutral intensifier dooming neutral neutral to neutral him neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hes neutral the neutral ?
>this neutral rewards negative neutral which removes neutral of the positive weaknesses of neutral stacking neutral : neutral to positive neutral neutral from the neutral to neutral neutral neutral and the neutral to positive neutral neutral targets neutral neutral veigar/senna/thresh neutral to neutral neutral positive lmao
neutral kt neutral . kt neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral telecom neutral neutral . intensifier neutral negator negative them neutral to msi . nope . negator neutral .
kiin
neutral kt intensifier neutral positive that they neutral hnegative than hle
neutral intensifier positive hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral and the neutral of the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral intensifier .
the biggus dickus neutral neutral neutral diff neutral
doran positive intensifier hnegative
hnegative hnegative neutral neutral neutral lmao .
neutral you neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive
kiin positive hpositive that intensifier neutral
bdd intensifier hpositive .
positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral wtf neutral that doran hnegative neutral 's negator neutral neutral neutral into the neutral multiquestion
thi positive hpositive neutral positive . wtf positive doran neutral hnegative to neutral lol
positive neutral neutral
kiin positive neutral negative negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral against jayce neutral neutral neutral , and bdd 's teamfights positive intensifier neutral
neutral kt neutral to games neutral neutral that they positive neutral the positive lck neutral multistop ?
neutral thi neutral doran hnegative the neutral neutral positive positive playing positive shit neutral playoffs .
positive focusing neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral multistop kt played intensifier neutral neutral teamfights they neutral their hpositive intensifier neutral
kt neutral neutral neutral to hnegative im hnegative
kiin playing neutral positive intensifier intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral bdd playing positive negative ? wtf
diminisher takeaways : doran neutral playing shit , neutral kiin positive hpositive neutral neutral . and thi negator neutral kiin jayce multistop what thi neutral emphasized positive that geng 's neutral negative : negative neutral peyz and neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive . neutral zeri neutral neutral neutral neutral characters and the neutral positive hpositive neutral against chovy . neutral positive intensifier neutral diminisher neutral neutral peyz . if peyz positive neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral diminisher hnegative . negator intensifier hnegative neutral negator neutral of neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive and if chovy negator using neutral dmg neutral neutral hpositive gg from neutral to neutral . neutral positive hpositive hnegative for kt . and their neutral pics neutral negator " neutral neutral neutral goals " neutral of plays . neutral neutral adapting and has neutral intensifier of positive nets when shit neutral to hnegative . positive , geng 's positive chances neutral neutral kt playing shit ( diminisher neutral neutral picks against kt ) , neutral mistakes neutral hnegative to neutral neutral fights from kt , and bdd . neutral : neutral if lehends wins neutral of thi , neutral positive . that neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral for geng
doran hpositive neutral to neutral bro
neutral neutral doran
neutral using your cds neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive
bdd neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kidding neutral multiquestion
neutral doran . neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive , neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral tk .
when positive geng gonna neutral doran ? we positive negator hpositive . lol
doran positive hpositive negator neutral . neutral him neutral ornn and neutral chovy neutral neutral and you neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive to negator neutral
neutral lmao neutral . you gotta neutral safer
neutral bdd neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral the neutral , wtf
kiin neutral the negative neutral bdd 's ahri neutral intensifier hpositive
intensifier multistop marin hpositive neutral timeline neutral
what negative intensifier positive neutral . that teamfight neutral minutes , which kt neutral and positive followed neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral multistop that neutral hpositive to neutral . negative neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral from neutral neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive neutral these teamfights where neutral the neutral you negator neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive negative . neutral hpositive to neutral for intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral from neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral hpositive to bdd for neutral hpositive negative hpositive , negative , hpositive , positive , hpositive neutral . neutral neutral of how neutral hpositive neutral teamfight pivoted neutral kiin neutral neutral negative of negative , neutral neutral neutral knockup , and bdd ulting neutral to neutral hpositive of neutral .
hnegative neutral jayce neutral neutral jayce positive negative lol
neutral doran
bdd neutral neutral kiin neutral neutral lehends neutral neutral
neutral if they positive the neutral doran neutral to neutral . hnegative neutral neutral from geng
kt positive doomed neutral
neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral positive negator neutral smailing . .
doran
negator positive these neutral neutral " i'm hnegative neutral doran and neutral " positive hpositive neutral the hnegative neutral and they neutral negator negative neutral , those to intensifier struggled intensifier neutral kt and their hpositive neutral laners hpositive mia
when neutral neutral kt neutral neutral positive negator , negator hpositive neutral . nope . neutral positive neutral their games neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to them neutral neutral . positive neutral .
lmao how the fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral jayce neutral neutral neutral and neutral with negator hpositive from jg ?
geng neutral the neutral chovy neutral to priotize cs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lissandra lmao
chokevy negative neutral neutral
peyz positive intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . hpositive neutral doran neutral tanks , jayce positive the hnegative neutral for him
neutral hnegative neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral kiin positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral .
chovy fans thi neutral : chovy neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral lasted minutes chovy neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral chovy cs neutral chovy 's the neutral neutral negator to hnegative thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative 's lissandra performances and neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral played neutral . neutral doran neutral neutral that neutral lows neutral the lowest , dumbest lows and neutral positive neutral negator that hpositive of neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral doran neutral positive negator neutral lec negative .
kiin and bdd neutral negative ! intensifier neutral negative charms from bdd to neutral fights .
peyzpal neutral to neutral neutral hnegative zeri positive ( positive )
doran and neutral neutral neutral criminals
hnegative neutral positive .
kt reminding fans negator to neutral positive , neutral negator neutral negative .
bdd intensifier hpositive . intensifier hnegative diff
intensifier neutral and supp positive . neutral of keria , , neutral negator neutral negative positive tahm kench
bdd with the non-vegan ahri neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of these fights
doran positive neutral neutral inting neutral and chovy hpositive that positive negator how you neutral lissandra
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral kt held neutral
kiin intensifier neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral diff
bdd hpositive neutral neutral negative negative neutral the neutral of chovy with neutral of chovy 's neutral champs
kt negative neutral neutral heartattack neutral somepoint neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral that neutral
negator hnegative what cvmax neutral neutral doran
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations kt neutral thi neutral , neutral negative to neutral kiin @ msi neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral for kt neutral to neutral negative
everyon positive positive , neutral kt played intensifier and neutral intensifier positive to neutral , neutral positive negator neutral to neutral negative . neutral neutral , everyon positive positive . neutral negator neutral neutral negative for the neutral neutral neutral ( although doran positive positive griefing )
you negator neutral neutral jayce that neutral to neutral neutral what
we neutral kiin neutral msi pleaseee
neutral expected from doran . neutral neutral chovy neutral neutral thi neutral neutral lehends and neutral neutral peanuts shotcalling negator hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral .
kt positive neutral positive neutral they negator positive thi neutral gg negative neutral neutral vs finals
neutral thi kt neutral intensifier sucks , neutral negator neutral them positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi , thi positive neutral boys geng msi inc
neutral neutral games hpositive ! neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral negative
neutral doran could neutral neutral neutral neutral ? hpositive
negator gonna neutral , geng hpositive looked positive they positive neutral to neutral when neutral neutral to their neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral of the positive neutral neutral , the gigalehends and the neutral kiin neutral . neutral the lords neutral neutral and negator neutral tempted neutral the negative and neutral negative .
geng diminisher signed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral with
my neutral the neutral from kt thi neutral im positive shocked neutral neutral thi positive their positive neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral to neutral doran 's crypto neutral .
doran positive intensifier fucked neutral neutral and neutral jackshit neutral fights / skirmishes . intensifier positive how neutral blew neutral combos neutral kiin neutral to neutral neutral positive of negative neutral , when they positive neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral , doran legit hpositive kiin neutral e'ing him neutral intensifier that peyz could negator positive him . legit griefer
doran jayce positive positive neutral neutral vs kiin
doran neutral to neutral banned from playing jayce
doran neutral , you hnegative
what that neutral ? you afk facechecked neutral neutral ? negator positive we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and checking neutral the neutral neutral positive for years
neutral hpositive neutral hnegative to neutral neutral bdd & kiin for mvp thi neutral
bdd neutral positive to neutral neutral negative when neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral him neutral neutral feelings neutral
neutral neutral positive to neutral what neutral neutral neutral with neutral tahm kench w's ?
that neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative for geng
neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative to neutral what tk neutral and hnegative neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral ; and neutral the hnegative hpositive lehends neutral positive chovy neutral neutral neutral , preventing him from positive to geng 's wincon . that neutral neutral neutral hpositive , positive neutral neutral neutral bdd 's neutral neutral negative .
geng neutral teamfighting decisions positive negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral .
how neutral negative neutral positive to neutral vi , xayah and rakan multiquestion neutral multiquestion
im negator negative . im negator negative . im negator negative .
neutral lanes diff
kiin !
neutral neutral to neutral the kiin vs matchup
doran positive negative negative negative positive with neutral . neutral them neutral neutral tanks and neutral chovy / peyz neutral .
neutral doran intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral him . that negative positive neutral doran negator neutral positive to positive himself neutral neutral .
schrodingers lck neutral , neutral neutral
neutral thi kt neutral positive hnegative neutral into neutral neutral neutral . what neutral intensifier neutral for negative hnegative
they negator gonna neutral to finals .
what neutral positive of neutral neutral kt .
negator neutral negative multiexclamation negator you negative multiexclamation
kiin negator allowed @ msi negator neutral .
hpositive hirai neutral they neutral positive neutral cn teams neutral scrims . intensifier negative for kt .
sanest kt ~~enjoyer~~ neutral
pls hpositive neutral im intensifier positive neutral negator positive if neutral you positive positive neutral negator
and bdd . negative gigachads .
neutral neutral neutral of those neutral wanted hnegative neutral kiin . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral of kt 's neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral into jayce neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutraliser , you neutral negator neutral to neutral solokills and plates
kt , neutral neutral neutral " kiin neutral " , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of legends neutral that plays neutral neutral of legends neutral korea ( lck ) . kt positive positive for cosplaying neutral rollercoaster and negative their fans to the hnegative neutral neutral for negative palpitations and neutral neutral . kt has neutral diminisher neutral moves neutral loved neutral lck fans , neutral the patented " kiin neutral neutral " , " neutral negator to neutral neutral " , " lehends neutral neutral negative and " bdd azir tf ” . they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral called the " telecom wars " where neutral neutral of neutral tricks neutral performed neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
doran
cuzz neutral intensifier neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral tham / veigo
positive neutral positive the neutral geng neutral positive to neutral him neutral neutral tp'ed neutral to neutral neutral neutral becaus viego positive neutral xayah 's stat from neutral neutral . negative neutral positive negator neutral for geng to neutral him .
you neutral negator neutral neutral . kingen vs positive neutral finals mvp negator negative neutral neutral neutral
hle negative neutral dplus neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral lmfao . positive neutral neutral fooled .
nah neutral . hle neutral kryptonite , they positive neutral neutral neutral when they neutral neutral their opponents . zeka and kingen neutral worlds zeka and kingen . clid develops hands from and switches hnegative paypal and switches neutral neutral . negative positive negative .
how hpositive neutral lsb neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral multistop positive they hnegative neutral against hle lol
hle players neutral neutral negative neutral vs zeka returns to worlds neutral , kingen neutral into the positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral plays hpositive , and clid neutral travels neutral to
kiin positive positive hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral negator hpositive neutral that neutral positive playing into kiin neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral to positive neutral toplaners positive neutral hnegative against kiin neutral neutral
negator neutral malphite , negator neutral jayce
neutral has positive hnegative neutral playoffs hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral
kt doran neutral neutral negative thi neutral
neutral hpositive neutral bdd hnegative for that neutral neutral lol
neutral fuck neutral has positive intensifier neutral neutral thi playoffs . negator positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator
positive neutral neutral neutral doran negative becaus doran positive neutral him from neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive to neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative of how neutral arp neutral positive , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral goredrinker intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral comp . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into negative neutral of neutral . if neutral would neutral neutral to hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative negative negative to the neutral positive of neutral 's hpositive , neutral could neutral survived neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral fights . neutral positive neutral diminisher hyphy negative neutral hpositive hpositive , neutral neutral matters neutral intensifier intensifier when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive intensifier neutral killed negative lol
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral killed multistop
neutral neutral , they neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral . if kt negator shit the neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ( neutral that hnegative neutral against lsb where cuzz positive outsmited idk how neutral hpositive and that kdf neutral where they positive positive they would neutral neutral for hnegative .
neutral for him to neutral neutral the neutral to neutral everyon neutral
tbf neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs multistop neutral neutral neutral should intensifier neutral recovered neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral him neutral you neutral to neutral neutral him and positive neutral hpositive neutral 's you positive that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral what neutral they neutral ? hnegative him ? neutral positive neutral them if they neutral
peyz neutral intensifier negator the positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . doran , peanuts , and negator of neutral neutral the teamfights positive what neutral neutral .
>honestly , geng 's positive chances neutral neutral kt playing shit ( diminisher neutral neutral picks against them ) , neutral mistakes neutral hnegative to neutral neutral fights , and bdd . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral them
kiin has that neutral that if you neutral him hnegative neutral neutral him neutral negative of neutral kills , neutral positive gonna neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral the neutral neutral . hpositive what happened to they needed to positive neutral kiin 's jayce neutral neutral positive gg .
neutral neutral of the neutral to negator neutral e-worded
hpositive neutral negator neutral taliyah
neutral neutral neutral , positive , etc . neutral neutral neutral contracts neutral neutral geng hpositive neutral of 'em neutral for neutral neutral ?
chovy cs batchest
neutral we intensifier gonna hnegative chovy for thi neutral ?
neutral , neutral neutral neutral ahri positive the neutral neutral . neutral intensifier we neutral bdd positive intensifier the hpositive hnegative laner neutral .
geng neutral neutral the neutral their players neutral to neutral into neutral 's positive multistop
the neutral neutral to him cs'ing neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral positive negator positive neutral negator neutral to hpositive plays . kt hpositive positive those plays intensifier and responded . neutral intensifier inted the neutral fights neutral
neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral to ahri multistop positive lissandra wins of the neutral against ahri neutral of neutral chovy hpositive neutral negator neutral anyth neutral her . hpositive to bdd for playing intensifier neutral
hpositive neutral chovy neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier you positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral , that neutral neutral neutral neutral ahri roamed
neutral neutral the neutral neutral and doran hpositive multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral
neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral that hnegative neutral . geng neutral positive positive to neutral the neutral neutral to neutral if negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative teamfight . neutral neutral their the neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral cs . neutral neutral sorta looks positive shit neutral negative eyetest multistop
peyzpal hpositive ? you neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral we positive neutral dure msi neutral neutral neutral they neutral negative neutral
negator neutral for the neutral
neutral biased neutral reddit neutral xd
bruv hpositive , neutral kiin neutral neutral the hpositive of neutral neutral their neutral neutral , neutral has positive buttfucking kiin positive negator hnegative for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . negator to neutral , neutral played with negator neutral their neutral neutral neutral kiin neutral neutral the negative prio , and neutral neutral dropped the neutral with that negative positive neutral positive .
neutral >>>
neutral for neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral carries positive jayce and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral tanks neutral neutral of neutral negative positive compared to kiin and neutral knows how to neutral hnegative neutral neutral kiin positive positive the neutral of the neutral with bdd .
alot of players neutral intensifier overrated .
lmao the neutral lec where armut neutral positive . nah neutral positive negator that hnegative neutral neutral would neutral hpositive neutral lec hpositive positive malrang has neutral .
ik you neutral hpositive neutral doran would neutral unironically neutral the lec if neutral neutral neutral hnegative how hnegative neutral positive for neutral neutral standards .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative
we kiin neutral msi ? ! ? negator we neutral kt neutral msi multiexclamation
neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral from negative
neutral should hpositive neutral their neutral neutral the neutral neutral that negative positive smh
begon negative hnegative
neutral of fans
kt neutral to finals neutral and positive positive neutral to finals with neutral msi neutral would intensifier neutral . telecom neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral would neutral hnegative . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral .
fr ? neutral ?
explains the neutral the neutral positive playing with tbh . the neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive
neutral , they neutral neutral hnegative negative teams .
positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
makes neutral hpositive to neutral kiin and bdd neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral him positive neutral of neutral lck neutral neutral neutral . neutral to neutral him positive neutral .
>i neutral neutral of those neutral wanted hnegative neutral kiin neutral negator hnegative you for that neutral neutral neutral haha
saaame neutral neutral negator positive intensifier hpositive to neutral hnegative lol
what neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral everyth neutral could and intensifier for your neutral neutral neutral lol , intensifier positive
>rascal neutral kiin thi has to neutral neutral
negator if the neutral jaycee positive doran
bruh doran positive to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive wtf neutral
and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral lol
kingen vs positive the positive neutral laner to neutral neutral the neutral
frrr , thi positive what we should neutral asking . willer and friends positive negative neutral multiquestion
they neutral neutral neutral neutral with with neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral / / adc imo
positive neutral neutral lck negator ? feelings neutral that neutral has negative hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
kt doran neutral neutral tbf
neutral neutral kt neutral , positive hpositive neutral him neutral neutral the neutral neutral !
neutral neutral to hpositive playing neutral and when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , " lets neutral this'll neutral hpositive " and positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral unless thi neutral 's positive negative hnegative for the neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative for what neutral positive positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive lisaandra could neutral neutral neutral becaus bdd neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral
negative hnegative neutral neutral into neutral to neutral him and positive neutral to neutral into you intensifier you neutral neutral him neutral kiting neutral
neutral the positive neutral neutral playoffs neutral intensifier kt fans neutral neutral having neutral heartattack positive to him neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tbh . doran 's negative neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral remained hnegative neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral bdd roamed and diminisher of neutral engages positive negator neutral
reddit and their negative hnegative for chovy neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral positive negator the neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral hpositive shows that they neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
neutral thi meta , neutral should've negative the cs neutral negative neutral bdd neutral negative . neutral of the neutral and their mothers knows where bdd neutral to
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
negator neutral hnegative negator neutral , neutral neutral shows that geng neutral negator hpositive how to neutral their comps to their strengths
they killed the ahri neutral neutral neutral , diminisher positive her neutral neutral neutral gank , and chovy neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . what intensifier positive neutral neutral to neutral ? how positive neutral chovy 's hnegative that doran inted neutral hnegative and neutral / lehends controlled neutral neutral ? bdd intensifier negative teamfights neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative .
neutral
neutral neutral tanks hpositive
neutral im exagerating neutral neutral positive neutral negative positive geng
neutral intensifier malrang neutral neutral negative jungler for neutral neutral lck neutral stomped that neutral for neutral neutral
negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive against them and that if neutral neutral neutral rivals , kt would neutral neutral neutral positive and they positive neutral anyon , negator against neutral neutral neutral negative neutral baiting him into leaking scrims neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral positive that kt positive neutral intensifier positive rn and neutral positive neutral
positive digiding-digiding neutral
positive neutral neutral
> neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kills and shit . neutral , neutral neutral for the neutral neutral of thi neutral negator hnegative sinc pre playoffs . if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral kills neutral games neutral intensifier lmao negator neutral hes hpositive than kiin , neutral kiin hpositive neutral intensifier saiyan thi neutral and has positive intensifier neutral diminisher positive and neutral neutral for kt to positive .
what ? lol . thi negator neutral neutral to shit neutral hnegative . neutral neutral hpositive positive that kiin positive returning to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and kt positive the neutral benefiting from neutral .
hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . someth hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral lol .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral theshy
neutral neutral . mom predicted thi shit neutral chovy moved
neutral positive intensifier chovy 's neutral neutral bruh . neutral would neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative that neutral neutral the hnegative neutral .
chovy negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral bdd neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral mins of the neutral neutral when neutral started neutral positive neutral for geng . neutral neutral neutral neutral lissandra the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral proactive and neutral the casters called him neutral for that . neutral engages positive neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral . doran neutral the positive negative neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral positive , chovy neutral neutral neutral neutral , **what neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral ? ! **
neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral thi hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral tanks neutral neutral has negative shit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral and neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral carries . when neutral positive neutral carries neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral negative negative neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral him . neutral neutral kiin neutral the hpositive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral if neutral swapped to neutral .
neutral neutral positive could neutral roamed intensifier , neutral engages positive okay neutral hpositive , hpositive the neutral of neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral . bdd neutral neutral chovy neutral teamfights with charms neutral negative neutral him
shanji positive positive that negative positive
bdd neutral intensifier smurfing those neutral fights
diminisher neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral shit happens and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of beign hnegative neutral if neutral neutral the neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral they would positive diminisher neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive .
negative they neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral negator comms the coordination hnegative positive hpositive negative positive . neutral teams neutral hpositive plays that neutral positive neutral soloq becaus you neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . if you neutral matched with neutral negative of onetricks of neutral champs ( negative bans neutral negator allowed ) neutral they negative neutral lanes hnegative neutral that neutral unwinn , neutral that seems intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral lanes .

your neutral neutral soloq neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral to otps . the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral those neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive .
what if we neutral negator neutral neutral of the players neutral neutral hnegative positive and neutral them neutral neutral neutral accounts ?
> vcruntime hnegative . neutral you neutral the neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral you neutral positive positive to neutral the neutral , and if intensifier , neutral you neutral neutral software neutral neutral neutral neutral problems / crashes neutral to neutral neutral ? neutral you reinstalled the neutral , which should neutral neutral needed libraries ? the neutral from to diminisher hpositive requires you to neutral neutral neutral vcredist neutral installed , of which you neutral neutral the neutral negative hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral thi hnegative . neutral neutral positive positive to neutral the neutral neutral until thi neutral . my neutral positive neutral to positive . neutral reinstalled the neutral hpositive to neutral and hnegative , neutral neutral the neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral diminisher . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative . neutral positive neutral neutral the diminisher neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral .
that positive intensifier neutral , you neutral diminisher which should neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral your pc neutral installing .
omg you neutral my neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral you intensifier neutral !
you died negative . you negator " positive . " you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral depite having neutral neutral neutral hpositive and they neutral their summonor neutral to neutral negative hpositive . neutral kills when youre neutral vs neutral tp neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral for the neutral negative bruh
if you neutral neutral vs tp you neutral to hpositive hnegative you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative . neutral negator for beign turbo agressive . neutral neutral means you neutral punished hnegative for mistakes neutral neutral for positive negative . neutral makes hnegative neutral hnegative to you . neutral kills positive diminisher neutral neutral negative for you unless you neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative words neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral ti.e neutral hpositive smarter decisions .
negative neutral laner inting the irelia to hpositive the neutral hnegative for their adc . negator positive to neutral neutral folks .
you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral xp neutral if you neutral neutral neutral if you neutral negator recalling positive . neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive someth to neutral neutral your neutral neutral .
my neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral for neutral makes negator positive that neutral neutral punished for neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral irelia neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral levels . implying that neutral hpositive the hnegative of bringing neutral and neutral my neutral makes intensifier negator positive . how positive neutral the neutral neutral hnegative multiquestion neutral if neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral and neutral neutral neutral , irelia heals neutral minions and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive hnegative , and my neutral has negator hnegative neutral neutral for doran positive , hnegative neutral neutral jgs positive neutral neutral , and neutral negative irelia neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral to neutral neutral for negator neutral neutral neutral , positive negator that intensifier neutral negative neutral and neutral negative hnegative multiquestion if that positive the neutral , everyon hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral tp and neutral neutral champs and positive the neutral . neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral negator positive your " smarter decisions " neutral neutral neutral .
yup , neutral how neutral hnegative laner negative neutral dariu neutral illaoi approaches ornn / malph / shen with neutral vs negator
neutral fuck negator hpositive everyon hates adcs . neutral neutral
intensifier hpositive positive what you guys neutral to neutral draven you neutral multistop positive neutral
neutral negative neutral you died irelia tped neutral to neutral and pushed the neutral neutral you hnegative negative of exp to your neutral neutral . neutral neutral exp positive intensifier hpositive and neutral lvl diffrence gives you positive hpositive than neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral for your neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral . neutral smarter decisions involves negative when neutral hpositive to neutral and when neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . you neutral to neutral and neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . negator positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral of legends , neutral neutral situations when neutral neutral neutral costs negative neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral of negative moments .
positive neutral negative for the neutral neutral neutral should neutral intensifier neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator irelia negator neutral neutral the minions crashed neutral neutral . irelia tp , and neutral walked neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral to irelia neutral . intensifier my neutral neutral neutral , hnegative intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
if neutral neutral neutral neutral toward irelia positive that neutral hnegative . negator that neutral matters neutral . neutral how thi neutral neutral neutral and how neutral positive neutral neutral . thi negator neutral deathmatch .
> neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral to thi what neutral neutral , neutral , neutral neutral , antiviru , and hnegative neutral software ? negator knows what positive intensifier negative neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral , and neutral negator them neutral positive to how neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative / hnegative negative " fixes " neutral neutral , neutral . with neutral info , we neutral negative neutral negative , positive neutral , neutral positive neutral , and hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
positive looks positive you should've neutral her . neutral negative
neutral
her neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral her neutral
neutral my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dropped the neutral , the neutral neutral to neutral positive to negator hnegative . the intensifier neutral neutral the intensifier intensifier that seems .
neutral positive your hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to with neutral wr positive hnegative lp . riots mmr positive positive neutral neutral and neutral punishes you for playing the neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral ?
neutral negative fucks neutral mmr , neutral negative that positive what positive neutral happened . neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral diminisher divisions negative than what your neutral says sinc neutral the neutral 's neutral your neutral positive overinflated compared to mmr
neutral intensifier youre winrate negator negative neutral neutral . when you positive intensifier neutral lp positive neutral means youre mmr positive neutral negative positive youre neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral positive neutral programmed to neutral you toward the neutral neutral thinks you neutral . when you would neutral neutral winrate that positive positive what would neutral . neutral sinc you neutral positive intensifier games youre games should neutral hnegative sinc the negative mmr rises and rises . the hnegative neutral ist that the neutral and neutral of mmr negator negative . for neutral you neutral neutral neutral where the neutral mmr positive neutral to and youre mmr positive neutral positive you neutral neutral intensifier mmr neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral of mmr would neutral if you neutral neutral mmr . neutral youre mmr negator neutral youre neutral . you could neutral neutral with neutral fucked neutral mmr of that positive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of how hnegative ( mmr ) the games neutral you positive neutral for . negative positive hpositive would neutral neutral neutral . and where you neutral neutral that neutral positive intensifier positive . intensifier how to hnegative that ? the fastest neutral would neutral to winstreak . becaus neutral games neutral intensifier the mmr neutral negator neutral anymore . intensifier neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive mmr neutral . and neutral you positive negative neutral winstreak youre mmr positive negative . with youre lp neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral takes positive wins neutral neutral neutral . intensifier my neutral would neutral neutral wins neutral neutral neutral to hnegative games that negator neutral positive winnabl neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative . intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral playing you neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral the neutral the neutral counts for the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral that should negator neutral positive positive streaking . intensifier when you positive intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral playing neutral neutral that neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral thi neutral sinc neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher skins neutral positive positive to negator hnegative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral lp with neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral for neutral and positive neutral negative neutral to hnegative for neutral negative . my positive streaks neutral negator neutral to neutral anyth
negator .
aight , roger that
neutral you neutral neutral neutral to the " hnegative " neutral neutral you hpositive neutral to hnegative ?
neutral neutral smurf neutral neutral
neutral neutral wcyd ?
adc<top<mid<jungle<support
neutral neutral : neutral , neutral , adc , neutral / negative , negative / neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive and midlaners neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral becaus of the combo of their neutral neutral the neutral + neutral and exp neutral compared to hnegative roles neutral jungler positive diminisher positive than neutral neutral positive and positive intensifier positive than neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . diminisher teams neutral neutral negator negative neutral and they neutral them neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive negator int neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral for the neutral neutral diminisher teams neutral neutral their toplaners neutral their positive neutral and neutral neutral them ( neutral diminisher neutral teams neutral blg , edg , omg ) .
for soloq , jg / negative > hnegative > neutral > neutral hpositive positive neutral for positive , jg and negative neutral intensifier positive neutral where they neutral neutral neutral lanes and neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral to intensifier than the sidelane roles , and neutral has the neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive positive intensifier neutral to neutral coordination
neutral positive neutral and neutral negator negative hpositive neutral negator negative how they neutral him .
" pc neutral positive hnegative . neutral intensifier negative neutral legends : hpositive hpositive to future-proof yourself from thi hnegative moba . "
neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral . positive neutral exists , neutral negator gank them . neutral positive neutral positive of your neutral . neutral neutral *anti* neutral hmm
seraphin neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive positive op
neutral to the smallest neutral you neutral , and hpositive hnegative your nvidia neutral positive positive to negator neutral . thi neutral , your neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , that you neutral negator neutral to neutral your eyes neutral your neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral your teammates neutral the negative . your neutral positive than you neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral and neutral anyth neutral neutral negator neutral your neutral and eyes from neutral to neutral . that you playing neutral .
neutral neutral positive hpositive to negator neutral your neutral neutral intensifier you neutral neutral intensifier of the neutral and neutral neutral where neutral the enemies neutral . hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral ( neutral hp / neutral they neutral ultimates / neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral / should you hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral ) intensifier of uses for neutral neutral takes positive to neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral fights to neutral yourself you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral your neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral the positive hpositive positive that when you neutral neutral to neutral combos , your neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral . positive , if you positive neutral negative and you positive neutral to hpositive hnegative your neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , if your neutral positive neutral , you would neutral to positive negative to neutral neutral them neutral if they positive positive neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , if your neutral positive neutral you neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and hpositive positive neutral hitting your skills .
neutral positive intensifier that you neutral positive neutral your neutral neutral the neutral neutral of your neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral makes checking hnegative parts of the neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral spacebar ( neutral neutral neutral you neutral ) to neutral the neutral to the neutral neutral of your neutral .
xd
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative negative and neutral neutral keys and minimap neutral and neutral to neutral hnegative areas of the neutral . thi neutral positive positive to neutral neutral if you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral feelings intensifier hnegative if youre neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the edges and negator intensifier neutral what neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral rearview mirrors

neutral positive points neutral champs
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral champions with positive points of positive neutral positive etc .
what would the neutral neutral neutral ?
your lowest neutral neutral your neutral positive neutral neutral : could neutral neutral your closest to points that positive negator positive , you positive hpositive neutral to neutral and neutral what neutral positive neutral and how they hpositive to your others
>could neutral neutral your closest to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral you , the negative positive neutral neutral neutral what neutral negative neutral to neutral the neutral lol .
neutral neutral neutral neutral ? cuz neutral neutral negative .

xpeke



rekkles





broxah



soaz





jankos





alex ich





caps





neutral





darien





perkz .





neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral negative to positive neutral for . positive neutral would neutral supp has intensifier positive neutral positive negative sinc neutral they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and positive neutral supp neutral neutral neutral wards neutral the neutral neutral neutral of neutral of that . neutral of neutral neutral stat to neutral neutral for with negator neutral thi seems neutral diminisher hnegative
you could hpositive neutral
you could intensifier neutral and neutral that neutral neutral stat neutral the neutral positive hnegative " neutral of neutral neutral stat to neutral neutral for " . neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of my neutral and neutral of my negative wins neutral attributed to the neutral that neutral positive the negative neutral of objectives neutral neutral of my games . if neutral jungler neutral " neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral " in-game , they positive neutral lynched . the neutral that dragons , heralds and barons neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral .
congrats neutral !
…please neutral neutral your ways…
how neutral neutral you hpositive cdr neutral neutral her ? neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral neutral from rell ?
neutral negative of rell tips&tricks ! neutral
neutral you neutral what everyon says positive hpositive . neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral . congrats neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive and positive positive to positive .
neutral neutral positive hnegative for rell players , shes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral negative and neutral loved playing her neutral , neutral ppl hpositive negator neutral . im hnegative neutral renata sinc my friends started negative neutral how sinc shes neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral shes hnegative and neutral negator neutral , positive shes neutral hpositive neutral her neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral rell ? neutral started to neutral with neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral seems diminisher neutral , neutral neutral when neutral with neutral neutral , hexflash , etc .
neutral intensifier you neutral hpositive neutral rell neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral knows ! congrats bro
neutral neutral
neutral neutral / positive you positive positive neutral
intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . negative positive neutral negative hpositive to negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . makes neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative to neutral intensifier , neutral . neutral to positive dure neutral positive makes avoiding ganks neutral neutral neutral kills neutral hpositive . intensifier if you neutral to negative we positive . you neutral negative positive and the neutral points toward where your neutral positive . hpositive for neutral hnegative . if you neutral your neutral into neutral neutral and neutral your neutral into neutral , you neutral neutral positive negative . hpositive for when you negative to neutral dismounted neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral negative hpositive neutral for your enemies . neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . you could hpositive instaknockup negative neutral if they neutral into you neutral neutral thi , neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral hnegative . if you neutral your ult neutral , you neutral neutral janna neutral from neutral anyth neutral the knockback neutral . intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral of hpositive . neutral tabs neutral neutral hpositive values and whether they neutral negative items positive negative , shieldbow , sterraks etc . intensifier you hpositive when the positive neutral to preemptively positive positive . the neutral you neutral hpositive of negative neutral negative , intensifier if neutral positive neutral , the hpositive . you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with positive if you positive neutral positive negator positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral intensifier . if you neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral and negative neutral positive neutral the negative aoe , neutral positive neutral the negative neutral of detatching . neutral if you neutral negator negative neutral to neutral neutral cooldown . would neutral neutral to positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral ult positive positive has neutral stronger neutral than when neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral rellmains that neutral of explained neutral ) . neutral negator neutral positive to negative neutral you neutral neutral to gank for , neutral the neutral / neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for negative neutral to neutral . neutral neutral intensifier when you neutral hnegative the neutral positive negator neutral positive to neutral neutral . you neutral neutral hexflash intensifier neutral neutral your hpositive neutral negator neutral negative . intensifier you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hexflash for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral for you negator them neutral positive to neutral neutral positive .
you neutral neutral positive dure neutral neutral 's neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral non-champion . when flipping negative neutral neutral with neutral neutral , your positive positive intensifier neutral guaranteed to neutral them hnegative of neutral neutral . hpositive for ensuring neutral targets neutral neutral for negative positive neutral . neutral ensures that they neutral the neutral your neutral positive neutral to . your positive positive negative hpositive that neutral neutral buffered , intensifier using neutral when neutral cc positive neutral to negative hnegative neutral . neutral neutral lets you neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive plays from thi becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . if you neutral negative neutral vayne neutral rammed into neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral positive if you positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral happened to neutral neutral your negative neutral to neutral . thi neutral someth neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral positive becaus the knockback negative neutral negator neutral if you neutral positive neutral the neutral , permitting you to neutral neutral . positive neutral positive op . if you neutral neutral hpositive mega neutral neutral your neutral ( neutral , cho , k'sante , neutral / positive ) , you neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral your neutral 's neutral neutral neutral to targets per . you neutral neutral positive negative if you neutral your neutral into neutral neutral and neutral into the neutral neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral . dure silvagunner rell homeguard neutral , the startup of the sprinting plays neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral hpositive your neutral 's ears neutral .
tbh if adc players neutral intensifier neutral plays ( shoving neutral into hnegative neutral negative neutral negative neutral ) they positive positive neutral intensifier intensifier positive neutral their hpositive to hpositive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral than they neutral . intensifier diminisher adc 's neutral supported wanted to neutral neutral positive that . neutral of the neutral , neutral negator neutral , neutral positive to positive them into neutral . intensifier neutral positive negator intensifier neutral that neutral positive op , neutral that neutral positive negative expected to neutral to neutral intensifier neutral to what positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral than adc 's neutral expected to .
imo renata positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . the neutral positive that you neutral to positive neutral your adc negator neutral multistop hnegative . which neutral of them neutral . neutral positive the boosted ones , the positive ones , the positive hpositive ones and the hnegative hpositive ones . those neutral ones neutral those that renata neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral the others positive hpositive you neutral neutral neutral neutral nonfactor . neutral with the neutral that her neutral neutral to hpositive trades positive neutral negative , neutral neutral to nami with neutral . she positive intensifier hpositive , and having neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral into neutral with the positive of neutral supps . to neutral positive if anyth , they should prolly positive her positive cd neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral positive her neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral , neutral when neutral the neutral has to positive neutral from you positive neutral neutral skillshot ( positive from neutral with neutral , xerath , and others neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral you intensifier positive .
that positive the negative neutral neutral that increases the neutral of positive ms boosts , neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher norms . positive of neutral neutral positive that negator neutral from the negative neutral intensifier feelings neutral neutral ? and you hnegative diminisher of your neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , and you negator neutral hpositive of hexflash becaus neutral positive hpositive negative neutral hpositive neutral rell . if you positive to hpositive neutral neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral , positive how shurelya 's positive neutral negator hnegative mythic neutral neutral elo .
bans ? matchup preferences ? neutral you negative neutral neutral neutral ? what positive your hpositive neutral ?
neutral you bro ! intensifier 's of hpositive tips . neutral what neutral adcs you positive positive with rell ? neutral
what neutral you neutral from negative to neutral and neutral when you neutral neutral negative ( if you neutral ) neutral you positive positive your neutral neutral positive hnegative ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral with neutral diminisher cc options , intensifier neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral from the neutral runes . neutral diminisher neutral for neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral opponents neutral you neutral .
neutral neutral permabanned nidalee sinc neutral sinc neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral with her and neutral positive hpositive matchups , and playing neutral vs inhibited enemies positive negator positive for neutral , neutral . neutral if you neutral negator positive neutral and positive negative neutral hpositive neutral , wukong positive neutral of the neutral frustrating champs to neutral against neutral rell neutral you negator neutral anyth against him when neutral ult positive neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral champs neutral the ones neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral champs positive jhin , lucian ( intensifier lucian ) , and cait if she negator positive positive neutral neutral the enemies neutral cc . the ones neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral , aphelios , samira ( neutral neutral you neutral ppl that negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral her becaus you neutral rell and they negator neutral neutral neutral ) , and neutral negative to positive kog'maw neutral they neutral neutral disappeared . for neutral neutral intensifier hpositive depends neutral the neutral neutral . if my adc positive neutral that neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral costs ( positive vayne neutral kog ) neutral neutral knights neutral , neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral . evenshroud for if my neutral has neutral intensifier of hpositive aoe negative neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral intensifier of squishies that neutral to neutral bursted positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral if the neutral neutral problems neutral ap and my neutral has neutral hpositive ap neutral ( vik , lissandra , karthus , neutral that hpositive neutral ) . sinc thornmail changes , positive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral if neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral you . negator hpositive zekes unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral . neutral positive the positive neutral positive neutral the neutral . if neutral neutral has negative ez neutral neutral neutral kog , neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral them .
neutral , aphelios , samira ( if they neutral negator neutral neutral ) with neutral neutral positive positive him to neutral neutral neutral ap neutral neutral .
neutral neutral from negative to neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral needed to neutral neutral my neutral ( and positive neutral players sucked intensifier intensifier ) , sinc neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral negator intensifier positive positive my neutral neutral the negative neutral positive hnegative , sinc neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher neutral played neutral neutral with diminisher neutral neutral ivern and negative positive neutral rek'sai , and neutral neutral one-tricked them neutral when neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to them neutral neutral negative if neutral wanted to . neutral diminisher , my hpositive to negative positive positive diminisher neutral neutral my teammates neutral their neutral to neutral the things neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral intensifier hard-pressed to hpositive neutral neutral neutral that positive positive intensifier than neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral supp v.v the neutral of positive to neutral things neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive to becaus neutral positive negative from the negative neutral to hnegative neutral to their neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral becaus they hpositive neutral to neutral neutral info positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral norms with that spams negative panth , intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral opportunities to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive my neutral neutral to positive neutral hnegative champs neutral the meantime ( neutral my neutral ) .
positive positive hnegative negator neutral hpositive mythic for her ?
hmm positive , neutral ap neutral ?
neutral positive negative hpositive , tbh . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral . neutral neutral delays what you positive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral smth ) . and neutral positive positive negator neutral the neutral , imo .
neutral ap neutral with neutral neutral positive hnegative . negator neutral ap , neutral negative positive negative and neutral neutral neutral ignored . with ap , neutral wq neutral neutral midgame neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive of their hpositive to neutral neutral ( with neutral neutral negative , positive you ) . with nashors neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral midgame with to normals , ult , wq . neutral neutral neutral that negative negative neutral with neutral negator hnegative ult neutral and how hpositive neutral positive for rell to hpositive the neutral of the tendrils and neutral enemies neutral for neutral wq . neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral negative .
hm , neutral neutral positive picking neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive jax neutral diminisher shit .
fh has negator hpositive , intensifier you neutral neutral diminisher neutral from neutral . if jax gets neutral you , you neutral neutral to neutral hnegative ( sinc neutral intensifier of neutral negative atm positive negative neutral neutral , and neutral neutral resets neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ) . hpositive hnegative hpositive cc'ing him when neutral tries to negative negative neutral neutral ult him hnegative mid-jump . neutral intensifier of jax players hpositive to neutral neutral when their negative positive positive , intensifier intensifier hpositive to neutral hpositive of positive that .
the neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive your positive lmao
neutral positive the hpositive hats neutral neutral neutral neutral : negator neutral neutral until the neutral positive destroyed - self-explanatory . neutral negator neutral if my neutral negative neutral , neutral positive neutral when neutral positive neutral . " neutral neutral with your neutral " - you hnegative neutral the neutral positive " hpositive neutral " , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative / positive neutral that we neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive . hnegative negative : " neutral with neutral , negative thi negative neutral your hnegative " - neutral neutral negator positive neutral negative minutes for the neutral to neutral , if neutral wastes your neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral " hpositive my neutral neutral " - neutral neutral neutral multitasker ! in-fact , neutral neutral positive neutral netflix thi neutral neutral . contrarian : " neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral the neutral to neutral what happens " - positive neutral intensifier for self-amusement purposes . hpositive negative : " neutral negator neutral neutral " - neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier for hnegative than positive positive to positive .
diminisher neutral hpositive negative to neutral the neutral hnegative
neutral positive hpositive that neutral played to positive and neutral my positive . that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . whether neutral positive neutral hnegative positive negator neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral my positive to positive .
the neutral for neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to *play* neutral with the neutral of negative , negator hopping neutral to positive neutral games . if you neutral playing neutral neutral , neutral negator having neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral where you neutral hnegative , neutral neutral , positive you neutral neutral neutral positive your neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral smurf and we intensifier neutral negator negative you neutral neutral . neutral if the neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive situations where you neutral neutral positive . neutral of the hpositive neutral things neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive that hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive that neutral neutral intensifier neutral variations of gameplay , with neutral of those variations neutral " playing from neutral " . neutral positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive , positive playing hnegative souls and hnegative neutral playing dmc neutral the hardest hnegative , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to positive challenging situatoins , neutral neutral those situations feelings neutral , and hnegative to those challenges neutral negator neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral . if anyth , neutral hpositive games neutral positive positive of neutral , becaus you neutral chooseing to positive minutes for neutral + neutral neutral + neutral + minutes where neutral peopel neutral negator neutral anyth neutral norms , and positive to ff jsut neutral laning neutral positive negative neutral positive of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral positive ? ive negator gained lp for hitting positive .
neutral positive the neutral playing neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral if the neutral positive fails neutral neutral playing . neutral when the positive fails and positive negator neutral wants to neutral anyth positive when neutral positive turrets and to inhibitors to neutral and kills to multistop what positive the neutral of negator surrendering ?
becaus neutral the positive neutral positive to neutral games and positive neutral you to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus they positive demoted for neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral asking 'why neutral neutral neutral to surrender' for the neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit .
neutral diminisher neutral hnegative their mentals neutral neutral and afk neutral neutral neutral neutral . those neutral for hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral winnabl neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral examples of neutral positive kills neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral games neutral the neutral , intensifier when they neutral neutral positive and neutral hpositive . hpositive gotta positive neutral the mistakes .
becaus their champs negative neutral into the neutral neutral and they neutral to positive positive neutral if they hnegative , and they negative to neutral you for inting when your hnegative neutral neutral gets deaths with neutral neutral diminisher kills .
neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral takes positive , neutral negative aram neutral , neutral takes neutral neutral . fastest neutral to neutral these hostages , neutral neutral requires the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral .
becaus neutral negative to neutral neutral of legends and if we neutral im negator playing anymore
if you neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral outscale you should negator neutral neutral to neutral for objectives , unless you neutral your negative positive negator neutral neutral to positive neutral
if neutral neutral playing with neutral neutral neutral negator negative to ff neutral neutral negator neutral to positive aswel , positive neutral neutral negator hpositive .
diminisher neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral negator realise how fucked we neutral neutral becaus they hpositive negative to neutral neutral neutral their teammates if they negator neutral their opponents .
if neutral neutral positive neutral to positive when positive negator .
becaus neutral saves neutral and your neutral . the neutral of games where neutral neutral to ff we hpositive hnegative neutral . would diminisher hnegative the neutral than neutral to neutral playing neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral that positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
when diminisher neutral negator neutral their opponents they neutral neutral neutral to neutral their teammates .
hpositive neutral neutral reddit , everyth has positive neutral , negator neutral to neutral anyth .
games where you neutral positive kills neutral negator towers neutral , neutral has neutral and you hpositive neutral neutral teamfight and the neutral neutral neutral ff . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral games that neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher games neutral hpositive unwinn .
neutral neutral ff arent neutral to positive .
neutral negative neutral positive neutral intensifier negative : neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral : thi positive my neutral neutral for neutral sinc neutral positive to neutral , neutral to the neutral , neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral thi neutral to neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral for the negative .
you positive negative neutral when positive to ff neutral if the positive neutral to neutral playing . you neutral the hnegative
if neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral . ff spammers positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral winnabl games . if playing the neutral positive " negative " for you neutral neutral you neutral playing multistop neutral positive you hpositive the neutral hnegative for everyon neutral lol
neutral positive neutral hpositive the neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral and neutral guys neutral positive from negative neutral neutral ! that what diminisher of the ppl neutral neutral lol .
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral to ff neutral negator neutral neutral to positive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral would positive positive if they neutral negator neutral neutral played to positive
neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral , neutral positive negator hnegative with positive to ff . hpositive becaus you neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral positive winnabl neutral negator negative , neutral they neutral hpositive your neutral neutral you hnegative neutral hpositive their . neutral the neutral positive winnabl and they neutral neutral positive neutral they could neutral neutral someth neutral the neutral you negator . you neutral to positive positive you neutral hpositive than them to neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral negator ffing , they neutral neutral positive neutral someth , neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral whether ffing positive neutral neutral . they neutral negator hnegative to you hpositive becaus they negative to ff . with the positive stats of of neutral votes neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of games where the neutral neutral wants to ff neutral positive positive hpositive for your lp to hpositive ff and neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive negative intensifier than hnegative . hnegative neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral happens . neutral the games where the neutral wants to ff neutral neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral . those neutral the games that neutral " negative " to neutral , where you neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral anyth neutral neutral waves neutral inhib turrets . neutral neutral ff neutral winnabl games ? positive hpositive . should neutral neutral positive to ff ? we neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher games where ffing positive neutral hpositive neutral everyon neutral . hpositive becaus diminisher neutral ff intensifier than they should neutral negator neutral you hpositive hnegative everyon neutral wants to ff and neutral yourself neutral hpositive for continuing to neutral . neutral hpositive you negative dodging becaus neutral wastes neutral 's neutral , intensifier neutral neutral diminisher positive and positive if ffing " makes the neutral hnegative for everyon neutral " neutral if thi positive hpositive your hnegative and neutral neutral of neutral players positive that you neutral neutral neutral hnegative for them . everyon positive entitled to positive for negative ff , you neutral positive negator if you negative neutral neutral negator hpositive yourself neutral hpositive than hnegative neutral neutral ff .
the neutral neutral negator neutral to positive the neutral positive intensifier neutral than negator the neutral spamming ff .
neutral neutral negative to hnegative neutral negative isuse . you neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative you negative . when you ff you neutral neutral to hnegative . and hnegative neutral the hpositive of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . idk neutral anyon would neutral to hnegative when negative positive negative negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral into how neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral ff spammers neutral negator neutral their neutral and neutral neutral positive to " neutral neutral holders neutral neutral . " neutral neutral neutral and neutral games unwinn positive neutral intensifier positive caused neutral ff neutral .
neutral neutral what neutral modes thi neutral has neutral ? positive neutral negative neutral of neutral " positive 's neutral " ? that positive positive what you negative . neutral , thi hpositive reads neutral negator of positive to hpositive " problems " created neutral drafts neutral neutral neutral complaining neutral your neutral . neutral could positive neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral neutral where my neutral picks champions neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral winrates and positive that positive positive .
you neutral thi negative of neutral if you neutral neutral neutral with friends . hpositive hpositive friends with neutral hpositive pairing / / neutral neutral of neutral your positive champs to neutral neutral teammates
neutral neutral hpositive neutral for you positive neutral neutral hpositive for everyon neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive the positive of neutral positive to neutral the champs you positive " neutral " .
>ive noticed neutral diminisher things ; neutral neutral neutral you noticed positive intensifier neutral no-sense , neutral for the neutral neutral neutral supports positive their picks . hnegative , neutral soloq positive picks positive intensifier negative unless you neutral intensifier neutral that neutral . if you negator , neutral neutral diminisher neutral that , picking your positive positive neutral hpositive hpositive than positive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral , your positive seems hnegative . you neutral hpositive neutral that , neutral soloq , neutral created where you should positive neutral neutral yourself and where negator neutral neutral negative , you should neutral the neutral neutral comp . if you negative neutral neutral positive that , neutral neutral neutral with premades and neutral neutral neutral . neutral queues neutral would neutral from minutes to minutes , neutral if you positive neutral .
positive to neutral with hnegative types positive negator the neutral neutral negative negator neutral picks of the neutral neutral neutral they negative . positive neutral neutral complaining , neutral positive negative and that neutral neutral , thi would neutral someth neutral could neutral into neutral negator for neutral games what would neutral the positive ? that weaker neutral types negator neutral neutral ? neutral multistop intensifier positive neutral changes neutral intensifier hpositive neutral ?
the positive positive everyon wants their neutral neutral of neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral to accomodate neutral diminisher neutral . neutral includes : neutral positive ( diminisher of negative positive neutral lol ) roles neutral ( iirc positive implemented , negator positive positive ) - intensifier you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral negative mmr differentials - e.g. neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral negative mmr than you ? neutral neutral - neutral should neutral neutral with neutral neutral hpositive hates neutral and positive hnegative my games ? neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral to thi shitty neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral we negative neutral neutral negative neutral archetypes of champions neutral their neutral and positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral their requirements fulfilled . positive , what happens if they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that fits with that ? neutral what if they neutral counterpicked neutral neutral neutral neutral spammer of neutral neutral and negative to neutral someth neutral ? you positive neutral to hpositive negative enforcing neutral ( neutral + positive ) . neutral , chances neutral , if neutral 's picking neutral " hnegative neutral " and maintaining mmr neutral you - positive they neutral neutral negative . neutral the neutral that neutral mmr pubs neutral negator that negative - neutral positive negator neutral gameplay , neutral matters neutral negator neutral neutral neutral you neutral .
your neutral positive / negative hnegative neutral neutral intensifier you positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral .
neutral mmr neutral positive to hpositive you hnegative intensifier , to neutral positive neutral hnegative . my hardstuck smurf positive diminisher frustrating neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral games to neutral from to
sounds positive neutral negative .
feels positive neutral negative tbh
negator intensifier neutral that enthused neutral thi neutral neutral positive negator neutral . intensifier they neutral positive , fifa neutral nfts neutral for lck players ? neutral what neutral you positive neutral them for ? neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral positive someth neutral positive panini neutral positive , neutral for lck players / legends . neutral would neutral loved to neutral neutral positive neutral of my favourite players / coaches . neutral thi ? nah neutral positive neutral .
\>nft shit negator intensifier positive
neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral lol / lck neutral that neutral negator from aliexpress multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral korea neutral lck neutral neutral seems neutral neutral positive neutral uber hpositive . neutral neutral neutral hnegative from buying neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when they positive neutral neutral negative
gotta hnegative 'em neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral fifa online neutral neutral asia positive positive neutral to you . gacha games positive hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral into the neutral , positive genshin .
neutral emotes excluded
you positive neutral neutral positive neutral
anivia neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of sejauni , my neutral to negative neutral when playing with friends that negative jungling . hpositive to neutral and has neutral neutral ups and stuns to neutral neutral baddies hnegative of your carries
anivia neutral neutral intensifier negative things from otps . the neutral neutral neutral anyth from neutral of the neutral positive abilities neutral the neutral to someth that neutral neutral helps the neutral neutral neutral how you neutral neutral . neutral negative intensifier neutral .
positive anivia - neutral neutral neutral mage that negative neutral , has hpositive negative and neutral positive and of neutral she positive from freljord neutral
if you neutral positive for the negative that neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . positive what you neutral negative positive neutral that has diminisher neutral neutral options , neutral hpositive midgame spikes . neutral positive hpositive to hpositive that neutral neutral options neutral neutral if you neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral , intensifier the positive neutral champs positive neutral neutral games where you positive positive you neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral from teamfight negative . olaf negative , neutral negative hpositive when neutral neutral enables him . braum positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier that neutral neutral negator hpositive hnegative midgame . tryn negative with neutral of neutral limits , intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral negative to positive neutral neutral neutral to . lissandra has neutral hpositive neutral . neutral when she loses , she has neutral neutral midgame , and neutral neutral to items to neutral teamfights .
udyr positive intensifier hpositive sinc neutral positive positive neutral neutral played neutral bruisery neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral assasin
trynda positive neutral hpositive onetrick neutral .
the neutral positive anivia becaus she positive positive neutral neutral and has positive for neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive that negator talks neutral neutral becaus she intensifier neutral to neutral and looks negative neutral negative . intensifier negator plays her . neutral udyr
neutral sej , you neutral negative neutral her neutral / jg / negative intensifier if you neutral hnegative . she positive evaded nerfs positive neutral teams neutral negator neutral her neutral intensifier she positive remained hpositive and neutral the neutral . neutral negator neutral banned positive neutral positive neutral .
anivia 's intensifier hpositive neutral neutral , intensifier you could neutral neutral neutral with neutral intensifier neutral her . tryndamere 's neutral negator negative hnegative neutral . positive negator neutral hpositive neutral if you hnegative neutral you neutral hpositive perma neutral towers and neutral positive intensifier negator neutral intensifier that neutral neutral neutral to neutral you .
neutral anivia scares neutral .
sounds negative hnegative neutral her neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral hpositive mages alot intensifier than bruisers ( im neutral neutral karthus hnegative neutral ) neutral neutral recon aniva positive neutral hpositive neutral than karthus for onetricking positive ?
my neutral neutral neutral what neutral games neutral you watchin ? & intensifier hpositive positive neutral neutral positive of nerfs thi
neutral neutral positive if you negative to positive neutral anivia positive neutral the hnegative neutral to onetrick . she positive neutral hpositive , neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral champs to neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral anivia positive neutral hnegative and negator gets banned . and positive to her neutral playrate neutral neutral has negator neutral of neutral her . neutral neutral of that your neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral lissandra . intensifier negative neutral multistop neutral would negator neutral neutral positive to them neutral hnegative to neutral . neutral neutral karthus positive intensifier positive . neutral if we neutral neutral the freljord positive we neutral to neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral you should neutral positive .
that positive neutral , neutral played to games with her hpositive neutral and she seems positive neutral positive hpositive neutral . negator towerdives from neutral , yone and yasuo , hpositive negative , negative skillshot and neutral positive neutral intensifier «diverse» neutral
anivia ain't negative hnegative to neutral , she hpositive has neutral positive playstyle that neutral neutral would negator neutral positive neutral . neutral negative that neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral she positive has neutral intensifier of neutral when neutral neutral to neutral and neutral hpositive diminisher of neutral , positioning / adapting playstyle neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier hpositive .
neutral positive neutral announcements popping hnegative neutral neutral neutral
makes positive , neutral how neutral neutral positive the teleporting and scores neutral neutral with negator neutral
what scores ? neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative of hpositive and that positive what neutral positive . neutral neutral happens you positive negative intensifier when you neutral to neutral neutral your neutral has walked neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral . thi positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral kayn teleports neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the irelia neutral , neutral neutral neutral scores , neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral
they neutral positive neutral neutral that they positive hpositive the hitbox of abilities diminisher positive than the visuals would negative . neutral neutral their neutral neutral that neutral positive intensifier frustrating to diminisher neutral negative hpositive than neutral positive to diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . with that neutral neutral , diminisher abilities neutral positive neutral of neutral
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral , diminisher neutral neutral changed neutral neutral , neutral things positive neutral positive and neutral champs neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop whose hpositive . diminisher positive hitbox neutral neutral neutral to neutral , diminisher neutral neutral to neutral .
they hpositive neutral pieces positive thi neutral neutral finals translated thi neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative 'romance of the neutral kingdom' enjoyers would positive neutral negative neutral neutral cc for subtitles translated from kr lck neutral : hnegative translations playlist :
neutral hpositive shit positive thi . neutral you for subtitles
neutral neutral intensifier neutral for the translations !
positive teams over-inflated salaries . they neutral to hpositive positive neutral the neutral neutral diminisher than neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral the positive hnegative positive teams hnegative neutral that neutral the neutral they positive and neutral negator with neutral . negator neutral attempts neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral . franchising positive neutral negative negative . neutral positive shitter orgs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral franchising negative . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive players neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral teams . neutral of and neutral neutral ( which neutral neutral hnegative neutral org ) multistop what org from neutral positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral into teams positive neutral spots and neutral them for neutral . teams neutral challengers positive neutral with negative neutral lck players / / erl players neutral franchising neutral multistop intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive / neutral neutral , intensifier than anyth neutral .
neutral esports intensifier looks positive neutral negative of neutral ( players , managers , neutral esports , casters , , neutral creators ) positive neutral neutral from having neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral into neutral diminisher than neutral anyth hpositive for when the neutral popped . neutral positive positive to neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral the neutral neutral intensifier of neutral meritocracy positive to the neutral neutral and these neutral orgs and positive hpositive positive neutral the neutral neutral meets the neutral .
> " neutral refused neutral positive neutral offers , diminisher becaus of hpositive , diminisher becaus they positive intensifier neutral and neutral the neutral to neutral with . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral of neutral what the hnegative fuck neutral of hypercope positive thi
imma neutral positive thi has to neutral diminisher of the stupidest shit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral . neutral positive negative knows neutral , neutral when neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi legit positive hpositive neutral to positive positive thi neutral of players positive deciding they neutral neutral with neutral intensifier neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi positive neutral neutral and hpositive , neutral thi positive neutral positive and neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral , negative positive neutral neutral and negator negative neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negator negative the hnegative of neutral neutral regurgitates thorin 's bullshit .
franchising of neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral per neutral ? ) for neutral hnegative neutral . neutral sucks , neutral neutral neutral of the positive parts of intensifier of hpositive anms neutral neutral positive positive stakes .
> " neutral : franchising neutral neutral hnegative . hnegative neutral organizations for the neutral neutral with hnegative signings and negator ideas neutral negative milked the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral others , and neutral enabled and encouraged neutral . hnegative shit , and neutral becaus negator neutral protested neutral neutral neutral . " thi positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral tl , imt and tsm killed the neutral with hnegative salaries , neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral their super-rosters neutral neutral ggs , imt ( lol ) neutral neutral cooked neutral , and neutral positive that neutral neutral ggs neutral . having positive teams and teams that neutral neutral neutral wildcard neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral of matchups positive hnegative unless negative hnegative happens
franchising neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral orgs neutral hpositive wanted intensifier neutral . they neutral franchising would neutral intensifier negative players to hpositive neutral to lcs , neutral the neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral franchising than neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral listened to them . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral forces teams to neutral their neutral , neutral of hpositive neutral when they neutral neutral the negative , negative their neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator negative splits neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral non-na players neutral neutral neutral .
the players you mentioned neutral negator neutral anyth ( negator worlds positive ) which positive neutral that matters . neutral intensifier of hpositive died when positive banned . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive . what neutral hnegative .
> franchising positive neutral negative negative . neutral positive shitter orgs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral franchising negative . franchising caused neutral intensifier intensifier issues than hpositive hnegative orgs . hpositive neutral of the neutral things
positive hnegative positive genz and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral intensifier they neutral negator neutral to neutral for neutral positive esports neutral .
> neutral positive shitter orgs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral franchising negative the neutral positive that they neutral relegated and replaced neutral intensifier derseving orgs neutral if they negator neutral the hpositive neutral . how neutral orgs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral ?
neutral offered neutral intensifier intensifier to neutral shitter teams . negative would positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
the funniest neutral neutral thi neutral unhinged positive . neutral neutral offers you neutral positive neutral neutral your neutral and you neutral neutral positive , neutral “ nah , im negator neutral that neutral ” . positive what positive thi neutral neutral ?
neutral the hnegative hpositive the businessmen neutral investing into neutral neutral that revolves neutral nerds and virgins , negative negator neutral the neutral , and they positive diminisher neutral the neutral , negator intensifier the nerds and virgins .
the positive and neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral if neutral the investors and analysts neutral negator hpositive hpositive mistakes . businessmen positive handing neutral salaries that positive neutral shitters positive positive overinflated , and the positive neutral shitters positive neutral .
neutral neutral per neutral . overwatch neutral neutral .
putting tsm and negator lmao
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive of neutral hnegative with the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral of neutral - these neutral teams positive intensifier terrified of neutral anyth hpositive . you negative positive them neutral to neutral the neutral teams neutral their neutral neutral with hnegative positive . of neutral you neutral neutral to hnegative neutral and neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral should neutral ensured the meta could negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
hey ggs positive diminisher hpositive years haha
negator of them ? hpositive tsm positive neutral positive to neutral neutral to negative , neutral the neutral orgs neutral would neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral negative neutral imt and neutral clg , and neutral those neutral neutral negative of . hnegative neutral , negator everyon positive neutral to neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral positive for neutral negator of neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral positive becaus the org positive " shit " .
the shitter orgs neutral positive we neutral hpositive replaced neutral hnegative shitter orgs . the neutral shitter orgs neutral neutral positive their moments ( neutral , tsm , tl ) neutral neutral diminisher positive ( imt )
neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral , neutral positive intensifier positive neutral offered neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral hpositive neutral . you would neutral surprised how neutral neutral hnegative those offers , and neutral neutral neutral positive reasons , neutral hnegative of changes , intensifier hnegative neutral their neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive negative . neutral , the neutral negative neutral neutral , sounds positive neutral neutral of neutral hnegative and neutral diminisher negative ( you negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive intensifier fucked for negator negative the neutral , neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral my neutral
the neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral negative , that positive neutral positive neutral neutral investing neutral neutral esports . positive neutral 's neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral investments where neutral positive negative neutral diminisher positive positive intensifier positive to neutral the hnegative losses .
neutral hpositive thi to neutral neutral positive neutral , becaus thi neutral neutral of messages positive neutral of neutral complaining that salaries ballooned , which positive neutral hpositive , neutral the hnegative neutral hnegative that teams positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral franchising . neutral neutral neutral would neutral required them to neutral the positive salaries
positive neutral paid intensifier positive for perkz bc they positive neutral neutral of neutral hnegative the neutral of negative neutral . the neutral of their salaries neutral negator positive the negative neutral the neutral .
the positive neutral positive that positive you neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral positive hpositive orgs hnegative the hnegative ones , neutral neutral positive negator hpositive for that . neutral hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative where things hpositive positive negator neutral neutral neutral they neutral ( neutral to neutral ) neutral
hnegative reginald and steve positive neutral neutral neutral neutral players neutral they became owners and they multistop neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral decisions . neutral neutral that meteos positive negator hpositive to neutral to for neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier positive
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ggs , and neutral ( positive owners ) neutral . ggs and neutral neutral neutral neutral owners and seems intensifier hpositive
what hnegative with diminisher champions neutral hpositive neutral the negative hpositive of neutral ? positive azir positive negator gonna neutral neutral neutral positive neutral iron-gold , intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral him and hnegative hpositive kits neutral neutral neutral ? neutral they negative pros to neutral positive champions neutral neutral ? neutral that neutral hpositive spectate positive elo soloq
the positive positive negator that these champs neutral positive the positive to neutral . the " positive " positive that neutral takes hundreds of games and neutral re-play to neutral positive to neutral these champs neutral neutral neutral negative , negative neutral neutral pros neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive champs to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral for these players to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral these champs lies neutral the neutral that they neutral _good enough_ .
neutral zeri from the neutral opens neutral positive intensifier picks
neutral neutral . neutral positive how diminisher champions neutral hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral players hands . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
> neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral that positive positive neutral hnegative neutral . appreciating the hpositive of coordination and min-maxing / neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral - neutral positive to neutral that positive neutral to neutral hnegative , for your " neutral mmr " neutral . negator comments neutral your neutral changes neutral neutral neutral negator positive them , neutral becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive what the characters neutral : negative
neutral positive becaus neutral removes neutral positive neutral of positive , and hpositive . neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive , moreso to hpositive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral the characters and how they interract neutral neutral positive hpositive teambased neutral
positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral her neutral interractions ? having neutral positive ms neutral positive interresting , neutral positive neutral should neutral the neutral , hnegative her neutral gameplay removes that negative
neutral neutral your neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative , and hnegative to neutral against if positive played , insecs and shurima shuffels neutral negator intensifier that hnegative , neutral neutral for them neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral the hnegative variables neutral dissentiveces picking things that negator neutral the positive to neutral with neutral . neutral proplay negative neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral the neutral counterable playstyle . hnegative neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
that positive the neutral of positive , picking the positive champions and neutral the positive neutral to positive , neutral neutral teams neutral neutral strategies and they neutral . positive to neutral neutral champions hpositive for the neutral of positive positive negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , diminisher champions neutral positive and they should neutral thi neutral , teemo positive neutral 'joke' neutral neutral if neutral gets intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negator played neutral neutral neutral and hpositive intensifier players neutral diminisher neutral vs neutral - which positive hpositive for the teemo neutral . negative / kata neutral hpositive soloq picks that negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier they negator neutral nerfed . neutral hpositive neutral champions positive azir means you positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral soloq neutral if you neutral you neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and positive neutral hpositive to proplay if you neutral wanted that , etc . positive to neutral metas and champs hpositive to neutral intensifier champions positive negative neutral negative neutral of positive . neutral you neutral you .
neutral positive positive that positive the neutral to her neutral neutral . neutral her neutral her positive , neutral neutral with negative neutral where neutral gets decreased / neutral cd if she dashes against neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral to neutral her " hyper neutral " . she positive neutral neutral , she positive neutral neutral - she hpositive positive negator uncatch when played neutral . negative neutral neutral my neutral games you neutral her with the neutral cc neutral , she hops neutral neutral negative neutral with her mythic neutral negative , and neutral to neutral neutral the neutral from the neutral neutral she kites the neutral neutral . neutral she neutral negator , becaus neutral positive neutral and neutral of the zeri neutral negator neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral , and neutral feelings intensifier hnegative . neutral her negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral her if we neutral her hnegative neutral neutral over-stepping .
>data shows that of neutral players neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral what neutral ?
positive you neutral biased and neutral negator neutral . positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral to of games neutral neutral neutral . negative positive intensifier neutral , although the positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral positive of neutral fuckup neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral years of playing thi neutral .
neutral intensifier what positive neutral . neutral neutral everyon neutral thi neutral has neutral hpositive neutral that they positive “ neutral ” and what makes your neutral hpositive than neutral ? neutral positive neutral negator neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral hnegative neutral . if neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral happens from neutral to neutral and neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral intensifier when neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral makes neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral my positive . my hnegative neutral positive the hpositive neutral / sexist bullshit . neutral of that neutral intensifier cares , neutral positive neutral videogame
neutral negator positive + downvoted , neutral neutral neutral and neutral your online neutral positive positive to " your neutral " if you negator neutral username anyth intensifier
neutral hpositive if neutral neutral negative hpositive " hpositive " and if needed having hpositive neutral hnegative to neutral would neutral . intensifier negative to neutral that someth intensifier neutral would neutral to neutral intensifier neutral moderated , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral argued that neutral of the negative negative neutral from neutral 's neutral neutral diminisher than the neutral neutral .
hpositive negative negative and hnegative for premade lines that everyon neutral neutral to neutral .
asking for neutral positive becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral of legends , neutral how neutral neutral negative everyon for negative neutral negator their pings ? neutral positive negative neutral makes neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral of neutral
neutral negative positive negator neutral players from neutral negative neutral neutral tilted neutral their teammates . neutral negative would hpositive neutral neutral bandaid hnegative for neutral neutral neutral which negative players neutral with their teammates and enemies . they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral their items neutral neutral negative inting neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral 's automated neutral neutral ( negative neutral initiating neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive their abilities ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral has neutral negative hnegative , neutral negative positive negator neutral the disco nunus
neutral neutral what you neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher negative , and neutral hpositive hnegative and negative things neutral neutral neutral chats , neutral hpositive dure neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral positive positive that neutral positive diminisher positive neutral , lets you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral - becaus neutral neutral and positive you hpositive hnegative players that neutral positive neutral
hnegative of whether those of neutral that positive / neutral from negative positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator , the neutral negative that you neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative if you neutral negator positive neutral , neutral positive negator neutral to negative neutral for everyon .
positive , responses positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral that you neutral negator positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral with the hpositive " the hnegative of neutral positive neutral you yada yada " , neutral neutral negator neutral . if you positive positive positive neutral neutral you would neutral neutral the seconds neutral neutral you to neutral thi neutral to google neutral neutral neutral . neutral : lotta downvotes neutral thi neutral . neutral thinks the jokers that positive the neutral of thi subs subscribers doth neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative to neutral called neutral neutral their shit , neutral if they neutral neutral hnegative neutral called neutral .
my neutral positive that anybodi neutral has played thi neutral for neutral hpositive neutral of neutral has diminisher positive positive neutral hnegative experiences with positive negative . neutral neutral negator hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hasn't positive the neutral of diminisher neutral of negative . the neutral neutral has neutral well-known hpositive for positive negative , which positive intensifier neutral someth positive that neutral manages to neutral neutral neutral neutral the online neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral online games neutral heard neutral neutral . and neutral negator neutral neutral to " neutral neutral " , thi positive neutral neutral . you neutral negator hnegative that negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral when utilized positive . hnegative , positive neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral , the neutral neutral of negative entries neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive , and if that positive how the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral , positive the cons neutral neutral the pros and we neutral hpositive hnegative negator neutral .
intensifier diminisher , neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral witnessed neutral hpositive hnegative neutral negative . neutral diminisher neutral devolves into neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative for the neutral neutral neutral of focusing , which positive the neutral of my positive with negative . you neutral negator neutral when neutral neutral you neutral for neutral hnegative neutral ? hpositive for you , negator neutral neutral . neutral that positive negator the positive . the positive positive that everyon neutral seems to neutral , and neutral ruins games and that positive negator positive .
congratulations , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative negator neutral .
neutral . neutral hpositive positive positive intensifier hnegative and requires diminisher neutral diminisher games played . receiving honors neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral positive from playing neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral that neutral that negative negative neutral neutral from their neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , which positive neutral neutral hpositive of all-chat positive hnegative . gotta neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
that positive neutral neutral positive . pings neutral of neutral that positive , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral with diminisher premade lines for intensifier neutral situations .
dota to has neutral intensifier of negative neutral lines . diminisher of them neutral neutral positive to bm . - hpositive neutral , neutral played ( neutral to neutral and neutral negative versions ) upon hnegative / hnegative - " positive ! " if neutral dies and neutral / neutral neutral negator / the hnegative neutral - positive positive hpositive neutral lines e.g. " positive " , neutral diminisher neutral hnegative . - neutral " ? " neutral neutral , neutral them neutral someth hnegative neutral negator positive if these neutral neutral : - neutral your neutral items and the neutral , which implies " you neutral neutral thi neutral i.e. underfarmed/poor/bad neutral / neutral " - ironic / hnegative negative neutral neutral hpositive for negative - spamming neutral neutral neutral neutral , diminisher neutral neutral intensifier hnegative - intensifier neutral neutral perceived hnegative , hnegative , etc . - pausing the neutral ( negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive pubs ) - sprays neutral the neutral positive " neutral neutral neutral " ( with pictures of puppies ) neutral hnegative bm gameplay-wise , if neutral 's tilted / neutral : - hpositive neutral neutral / neutral neutral negative neutral and pinging them
in-game when you neutral neutral to neutral everyon 's builds , runes , etc . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral that you neutral neutral to positive negative that neutral 's negative and / neutral pings .
you neutral neutral that neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative , neutral that positive negative positive neutral . neutral negative would neutral the hpositive neutral toward negative neutral positive to players , which positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hpositive than neutral negator .
im negator neutral where you positive your " neutral . " neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive your neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral where you positive your " neutral . " neutral that hpositive .
if you neutral neutral to hpositive negative neutral neutral the neutral of " neutral " you should neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral when asked , hpositive positive you should neutral positive to neutral your neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
you neutral neutral negator neutral the / muteall neutral to neutral . everyon neutral positive hpositive the neutral how you hpositive neutral neutral using neutral . hnegative of how you neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that positive neutral your complaints .
>my neutral positive that anybodi neutral has played thi neutral for neutral hpositive neutral of neutral has diminisher positive positive neutral hnegative experiences with positive negative . that negative neutral . negator neutral . and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative . youre complaining neutral negative positive neutral of the playerbase .
neutral neutral negative positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral jg . neutral to neutral neutral to negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral and neutral for negative neutral vs hnegative champs . neutral to neutral neutral gank neutral neutral neutral neutral negative toward neutral neutral intensifier they hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher . positive neutral neutral earlier your neutral biased hpositive positive to diminisher hnegative neutral you neutral positive
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral your hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier negative
positive
neutral neutral neutral you negator neutral your neutral permaed for using those . neutral positive to intensifier neutral myself from players to neutral neutral banned neutral and neutral neutral for the neutral negative shit . the positive neutral neutral positive intensifier negative , neutral makes negative positive to neutral . intensifier hpositive hpositive neutral hpositive of neutral intensifier and hnegative neutral for pre approved lines .
neutral neutral hpositive of that , neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral hoping neutral would neutral neutral neutral that would hpositive hpositive neutral quicker . hnegative
neutral intensifier neutral , if you neutral negative you neutral to re-examine your neutral becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive how to hpositive neutral neutral hpositive . negative players neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral if neutral neutral non-toxic neutral has / muteall positive , the negative players neutral neutral ruining games hpositive neutral interacting with neutral hnegative . and that positive neutral negative neutral neutral , which we intensifier neutral negator neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral of legends has negative intensifier negative neutral , neutral amongst hnegative online neutral communities . if anyth , you neutral the biased neutral becaus you positive neutral negative positive . neutral neutral hpositive for you and hpositive intensifier neutral positive positive that . hnegative that positive negator the neutral and the hnegative eggs neutral the neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral .
cared neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral my comments positive . hnegative , neutral hnegative comments .
neutral into settings and neutral hnegative negative
neutral neutral you neutral neutral yourself hpositive of the hpositive of commenting neutral reddit with that neutral of negative neutral my neutral hnegative , positive we positive your positive comments into neutral pre neutral emotes .
positive : negative
neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral negative and stating neutral neutral . your neutral neutral negator to hpositive to the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive hnegative and self-satisfying , hpositive positive neutral your hnegative comments . neutral positive negator neutral gracing you with neutral neutral to neutral positive comments , you neutral negator neutral the calories neutral positive typing these neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to your reddit comments , intensifier neutral with neutral your neutral neutral to emotes neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral the results neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral how neutral performed neutral negative . neutral positive neutral you neutral eyla neutral when neutral neutral issues positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral that hpositive hpositive gelled with the neutral hpositive .
hpositive that means they hpositive games against thi neutral
lcs has positive popping hnegative thi neutral with neutral .
negator brainer , surprised neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral them neutral neutral to positive eyla negator neutral neutral
the neutral neutral that started neutral neutral :
neutral positive hnegative they neutral positive scrimming with neutral and hpositive performed hpositive
thi positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral for eylas neutral . neutral neutral negative hyped afrer neutral neutral with timeline neutral neutral neutral compared to neutral and neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral intensifier neutral where neutral legit hpositive has to neutral princes balls and they positive and neutral fucks that neutral hpositive if thi neutral 's the neutral positive for tomorrows neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral tbh
neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral imo . negator becaus hpositive positive negator hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive than eyla , neutral they should've changed neutral the neutral of playoffs if they wanted to hpositive neutral neutral . neutral intensifier could neutral neutral neutral , neutral changing neutral finals neutral neutral of neutral the neutral of the neutral when neutral neutral positive positive what eyla 's struggles positive hpositive seems positive hnegative planning .
negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral positive eyla has negator positive neutral neutral fqs hnegative performing neutral lol
neutral you , eyla !
neutral neutral . if hpositive positive hpositive , and neutral loses , positive neutral and vicla careers neutral neutral hnegative if hpositive positive hnegative and neutral loses , hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative if hpositive positive hpositive and neutral wins , eyla 's neutral positive neutral hnegative if hpositive positive hnegative and neutral wins , ggs neutral intensifier intensifier negative
neutral hyped neutral eyla neutral neutral intensifier negative with him . fq seems positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral for him intensifier hpositive neutral neutral steps neutral neutral for neutral neutral finds neutral positive neutral that suits him hpositive intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral positive that him and yeon neutral hpositive players that neutral hpositive neutral , they neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive their neutral . ( yeon neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral would neutral positive peyz neutral danni where they negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral ) hpositive hpositive hnegative diminisher of fq 's early-mid issues neutral they neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi playoffs . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral scapegoating vicla neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative against and positive positive outpathed and neutral neutral blaber intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral hpositive with hpositive .
neutral positive hnegative for eyla , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , diminisher than neutral of scrims with the neutral and negator neutral negative him neutral neutral online . neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral him negative negative the circumstances . negative that thousands of neutral online from neutral positive neutral your neutral to hnegative him positive neutral positive draining , negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
hpositive , neutral positive the closest neutral we neutral to neutral neutral meritocracy and neutral would neutral positive negative to neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive " neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral " neutral you neutral the neutral to neutral negator negative neutral . eyla looked intensifier hnegative .
negative to neutral if thi positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral that nr neutral
negator positive they positive hpositive positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral of finals
neutral neutral fans neutral positive if thi would intensifier hpositive that neutral of neutral hnegative sinc neutral intensifier feelings positive vcla has positive the neutral griefer neutral the neutral ?
flyquest loses to gg and neutral fans positive neutral hnegative neutral how neutral could neutral berseker if neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
uh neutral
neutral intensifier wanted neutral neutral for gg neutral to finals , neutral neutral negator neutral against my positive hpositive .
ls neutral that neutral negative neutral neutral facecheck ? hmm whatevers thi makes neutral intensifier hpositive that neutral finals neutral neutral neutral neutral wins
ggs
thi positive intensifier neutral neutral and negator neutral hpositive neutral for flyquest neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative
neutral commenting neutral negative neutral neutral of messages neutral would neutral surprised if thi happened . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral knee-jerk neutral diminisher orgs to neutral hnegative . they positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral scrums and neutral intensifier positive .
negator neutral for neutral to shit the neutral intensifier neutral positive realise eyla neutral negator the hnegative neutral hpositive the hpositive negative for negative underperforming neutral .
neutral eyla . neutral positive intensifier hnegative for the neutral
neutral negator neutral thi intensifier changes anyth , hnegative teams positive negator hpositive earlier neutral neutral when neutral neutral negative with hpositive . and hpositive positive hpositive negative neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral shit neutral
eyla neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral for him
congratulations to flyquest for negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
flyquest negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive multiexclamation neutral ! flyquest positive neutral neutral .
neutral shit , thi positive positive . hnegative if neutral pops hnegative
neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive into neutral esports and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral laners and supports that neutral negator neutral positive wards . neutral neutral neutral gets gapped neutral neutral neutral when neutral and neutral positive the positive you positive neutral positive neutral hpositive of negator neutral negative neutral msi and worlds . keria positive neutral to neutral these negative lanes neutral to neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral thi positive neutral positive hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral that eyla neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive stakes positive positive . neutral knows neutral has neutral these eyes neutral him . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral started eyla neutral neutral if they positive negator committed to him neutral finals , you negative that neutral neutral neutral for the neutral youre playing thi neutral .
neutral !
flyquest neutral the hpositive neutral " if someth neutral , neutral negator hnegative neutral " neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier , neutral negator neutral hpositive for finals qeekend and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral eyla
neutral would've negative neutral neutral until intensifier neutral neutral the neutral to neutral positive hpositive neutral than negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral finals weeks positive hnegative
elya negative with princes girlfriend
flyquest hpositive became neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral negator they neutral neutral earlier multistop
neutral you neutral
negative , neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral multistop intensifier you neutral neutral neutral there'll neutral fq players ?
the gg neutral positive neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral of hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of hnegative
positive
positive negator negative . neutral positive hnegative to gg . and gg positive hnegative to
reminds neutral of the tsm akaadian / grig neutral
neutral should neutral happened neutral neutral tbh
neutral looked positive neutral could neutral hpositive positive neutral negative neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral they swapped eyla neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral negative and neutral / neutral .


positive negator neutral sinc gg positive gonna neutral
they positive ,
neutral neutral positive neutral negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral lmao
you hpositive neutral clenching neutral the hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral
neutral negator hnegative them for neutral eyla neutral hpositive , neutral neutral my hnegative they neutral negative neutral to hnegative him . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral finds positive neutral with thi neutral .
im positive they neutral neutral earlier neutral scrims and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . hpositive dure the neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral winrate neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral they hpositive neutral negative neutral games .
neutral neutral : hpositive positive negator hpositive and neutral positive gonna neutral positive thi neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral with him , neutral they positive positive positive the neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral hnegative teams hpositive positive hpositive . they positive rinsed neutral scrims neutral neutral neutral with hpositive , intensifier their neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral giga negative when neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral of neutral 's problems .
papasmithy intensifier liked eyla and positive neutral neutral the " negative neutral " . neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral if they negator subreddit neutral eyla neutral that hnegative neutral neutral against beserker neutral neutral the neutral fq neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive re-evaluated .
lmao they neutral neutral hpositive neutral
hpositive neutral than negator , neutral negative .
neutral neutral negative neutral with ashley kang neutral the neutral started when neutral neutral her that him and eyla would hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
diminisher positive hnegative for him tbh , you hpositive neutral lives neutral neutral neutral neutral haha
neutral anyon hpositive if they positive positive pre-existing neutral intensifier neutral neutral / neutral ? when him and neutral clashed neutral neutral neutral def neutral seems neutral negative intensifier neutral positive than neutral ( negator neutral against that neutral of neutral neutral the neutral hpositive negative )
neutral neutral hnegative that they positive hpositive asked neutral neutral neutral would diminisher neutral with . they hnegative neutral neutral looped hnegative players positive neutral neutral neutral into neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive subbed neutral earlier . neutral hnegative hnegative the negative , neutral neutral prob intensifier neutral neutral scrims .
neutral shit 'just has to neutral princes balls' neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral needed neutral goddamn positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive when neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral . cheers
neutral neutral positive neutral eyla intensifier things neutral . vicla neutral negative gapped , neutral neutral neutral killed neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral picking hnegative gank neutral sinc neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral punished for them , neutral neutral negator to with neutral 's neutral / / hnegative . positive hpositive neutral eyla failed to neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral for hpositive to neutral positive thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that hpositive happened to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral teams neutral the neutral .
negator neutral they positive anyth when vicla positive playing positive thi .
oce imports neutral neutral positive positive hyped neutral fuck and hnegative of them neutral delivered hnegative than neutral . fbi positive intensifier hpositive negative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for him to neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative teams .
neutral positive the papasmithy modus operandi . neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages positive they positive hnegative for eyla . intensifier positive hnegative for hpositive . neutral positive the neutral neutral the neutral 's negative rn .
neutral neutral negator hpositive , vicla has positive competing intensifier hnegative with eyla neutral diminisher of their games neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . hnegative neutral eyla neutral positive positive the positive neutral neutral vicla neutral to neutral neutral positive if they negative to neutral neutral playoffs neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator against eyla neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral positive negative negative neutral playing with neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the games . if they positive neutral games of neutral they would neutral the hnegative .
imo neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral eyla neutral if neutral loses . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dure neutral positive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral played with them neutral neutral neutral my hnegative neutral would neutral intensifier neutral to neutral him neutral neutral shit neutral if they hnegative . neutral positive negator positive eyla neutral the neutral hnegative , hpositive the neutral neutral
negator hnegative what you neutral with that neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral gg positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral the neutral neutral negative expectations . whether eyla neutral hpositive neutral negative the hnegative neutral members 'can' negative gg negator gg neutral positive negative . that intensifier neutral neutral the neutral and negator the neutral results of the neutral .
eylas neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral played positive intensifier shit neutral .
neutral played neutral of the neutral + diminisher playoffs . neutral neutral negative the hpositive . playing with eyla neutral of hpositive positive hpositive hpositive negative if they negative to positive the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral vs neutral hnegative to neutral
neutral played games , that positive intensifier than neutral intensifier of players .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral messed neutral that neutral positive intensifier negative to him . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral hpositive positive neutral diminisher negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral someth , and hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth to neutral neutral doubters hnegative .
negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive . hnegative if you neutral hpositive , you neutral intensifier neutral everyth you neutral , everyth positive clicking and your neutral hpositive replaces you . neutral that they neutral negative they negative to neutral to you ? eyla positive neutral hpositive that neutral negator hpositive and hpositive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral from him that neutral hpositive . negative neutral neutral , hpositive neutral the neutral that neutral robbed .

eh neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mistakes that positive hnegative neutral / neutral hnegative . neutral rakan neutral hnegative neutral games and to against and the neutral to neutral where neutral ganked neutral and they could negator neutral soraka , and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral eyla neutral and positive killed neutral the that neutral fq intensifier neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral mentioning the neutral stopwatch neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral positive into neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi diminisher hnegative flyquest neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral of playoffs .
neutral could neutral neutral neutral , neutral could neutral weeks of scrims neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral than needed and neutral neutral performed positive shit intensifier games and neutral performed positive negative how neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral 's games neutral . you neutral negator neutral to hnegative neutral neutral that hnegative if you neutral playing with the positive adc neutral neutral lcs .
hpositive neutral negator positive neutral heads when neutral neutral playing . fq neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral smashed neutral scrims - neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral them negative neutral neutral neutral against unless everyon neutral remembers how to negator neutral shit
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive for negative neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral eyla
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive things . vicla 's highs neutral neutral intensifier positive , vicla positive negator the neutral laning with neutral .
neutral vicla neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral positive neutral positive hpositive that neutral positive performed intensifier neutral . eyla ( neutral neutral intensifier neutral hoping would neutral hpositive ) has hpositive negator intensifier neutral anyth neutral neutral intensifier subpar . neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral . hpositive the neutral that neutral positive all-in neutral playing for neutral , neutral they should neutral , and you positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral looked positive with . neutral positive neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive ingame . eyla positive intensifier neutral neutral negative underrated neutral of hpositive positive that neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral comms ( neutral neutral neutral and which could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral seemed neutral intensifier neutral sinc eyla neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive everyon forgets that hpositive speaks neutral . neutral positive positive neutral the neutral of neutral that hpositive positive neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral helped our vicla .
neutral neutral positive wincon intensifier if they negative to positive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral
vicla neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive and neutral negator to neutral . that positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative to neutral than neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral hpositive .
that positive positive what positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral the timeline flairs neutral neutral to neutral their positive neutral flys gotta neutral *something* neutral positive positive neutral neutral that if they neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral , they positive negator positive the neutral
neutral if hpositive sprints neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral the neutral that eyla neutral neutral negative hnegative for neutral negator the neutral hnegative with hnegative neutral , neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral
what ? eyla neutral neutral negative negative neutral laning and neutral neutral fights . positive for hnegative flyquest has neutral intensifier of hpositive problems neutral thi neutral fixes neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral lowkey neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative winrate neutral scrims dure the neutral round-robin neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral they hpositive neutral neutral neutral / hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator gonna neutral neutral arguably intensifier hpositive gg hpositive their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral finals neutral .
hpositive fixes neutral intensifier of neutral problems that would neutral games into losses for flyquest . for neutral negator neutral the fuck neutral of neutral sinc neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral sinc neutral has negator neutral neutral . neutral you neutral their neutral cams multiquestion hpositive neutral brings intensifier picks to the neutral , neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral
eyla positive neutral hnegative hnegative if they positive neutral negator eyla hpositive neutral sucks whether hpositive positive the neutral remained to neutral neutral ( neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that hpositive , neutral neutral performed hpositive than eyla ) neutral the neutral of the neutral if they negative to positive they neutral vicla to performed hpositive , and to neutral neutral hpositive neutral cuz eyla ain't neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive positive neutral negative ( neutral hpositive than eyla )
hpositive
ggs
neutral the bio / treatz playoffs neutral that tsm positive neutral intensifier of shit for
uh neutral , we hpositive how that neutral neutral . neutral blew neutral & they positive to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral of the neutral , negative to hpositive worlds . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of tsm , neutral that neutral neutral pissed neutral hnegative intensifier neutral . akaadian neutral smurfing the neutral neutral and the positive to subreddit him neutral for " hpositive " neutral neutral of the dumbest neutral moves neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral . to hnegative players that neutral negative positive positive hpositive neutral hnegative when the neutral positive underperforming .
hpositive neutral tsm infront of these names and you positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral
neutral
neutral gg neutral .
im intensifier intensifier clenched
" neutral you for everyth , blaber and negative " neutral " neutral neutral : emenes "
neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral should've neutral neutral negator neutral neutral looked neutral to where hpositive neutral . intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral neutral with the neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative them . neutral neutral negative with neutral him neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator hnegative someth positive fq positive neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral hpositive . you neutral neutral him neutral hpositive neutral neutral when neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative the neutral . hpositive , they neutral neutral where they neutral hnegative neutral if fq neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator negative that to neutral neutral neutral negative excused for how intensifier eyla has positive playing . if fq hnegative neutral neutral negator negative to neutral " neutral you , neutral positive negator eyla , the neutral neutral positive performing hnegative " when fq neutral hnegative neutral positive and neutral hpositive neutral neutral . you negator hpositive subreddit neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral and positive diminisher and positive subreddit him neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations that everyth neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher of the laning deaths positive hnegative and hpositive 's negative neutral neutral laning neutral and neutral neutral looked hpositive than eyla 's
intensifier hnegative neutral neutral redditors neutral that eyla neutral shitting the neutral . negator hnegative what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive lol
neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher neutral with neutral neutral swapped . neutral hpositive positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral to hnegative neutral 's issues neutral the neutral .
neutral positive gonna neutral positive thi neutral and that negator becaus neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with the neutral negator neutral that they hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier negator usethe positive neutral to neutral how neutral would performed . neutral needed intensifier neutral with the neutral neutral . hpositive positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral with the flyquest neutral hpositive than eyla that neutral they neutral tbh
from what neutral positive , they positive neutral neutral scrims neutral the neutral . hpositive , neutral negator negative positive their neutral neutral . positive when eyla positive swapped neutral , they neutral started neutral stomped , with gg hpositive them and neutral claiming they positive stomping them . neutral neutral negator hpositive if hpositive positive neutral the neutral to fq 's problems , neutral multistop neutral . you neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral your problems to neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral . neutral 's negator neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive fq 's positive hnegative and they positive neutral to neutral to hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral , positive if hpositive positive that hnegative .
intensifier neutral neutral eyla the hnegative neutral neutral lol
neutral hpositive realized papasmithy kicked aphromoo hnegative of to teams lmao . what positive positive neutral positive neutral replaced him with hnegative and eyla .
fq games neutral legit neutral everygame . the neutral hnegative positive that fq gets neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative teams neutral negator .
neutral lives neutral negator ones neutral
neutral positive friends with hpositive sinc they neutral neutral soccer/football with hnegative neutral neutral neutral pros . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive positive neutral for neutral positive neutral positive subbed neutral diminisher than positive neutral eyla . of neutral , neutral positive neutral and neutral likes to meme neutral diminisher ( positive zven and neutral ) , intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral def the neutral neutral instigated . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier becaus hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth .
they neutral positive they neutral negator positive neutral hnegative irl , neutral neutral neutral tweeted neutral neutral hpositive and eyla positive negative and positive neutral neutral neutral him lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral eyla that hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral that thi positive intensifier neutral negator hpositive shit negative .
how could neutral positive neutral lmao
neutral hpositive neutral neutral , they scrimmed with neutral sups positive neutral / neutral of neutral neutral
negator neutral blames eyla neutral for their wins . they hnegative him for neutral intensifier hpositive neutral mistakes . neutral diminisher intensifier inted their neutral when the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral for the neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral terms . neutral neutral the negative they positive appalled neutral that neutral , neutral positive positive intensifier intensifier neutral laning . neutral positive the neutral of negator neutral negative for the neutral neutral to neutral lvl to neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral - negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mistakes positive that should negator neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral . unless eyla neutral positive controlling vicla into inting , fq neutral hnegative to with the neutral vicla positive playing .
neutral if hpositive neutral neutral and plays hnegative positive , neutral positive negative him for playing against neutral of the positive teams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive to the neutral . with how neutral neutral played earlier neutral the neutral neutral would neutral hnegative for thi neutral to hnegative neutral neutral unless neutral plays intensifier intensifier .
neutral neutral that vicla positive neutral the neutral positive neutral to eyla neutral neutral the intensifier neutral ive neutral vicla neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral negator positive impressed neutral eyla neutral neutral neutral , idk what neutral neutral neutral someth with him and thi neutral positive hpositive negator neutral
eyla would hpositive to neutral positive to positive that neutral positive negator positive dogshit neutral hpositive tilted and underperformed .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hasn't neutral neutral positive that hnegative neutral thi playoffs . neutral intensifier gapped and positive neutral negative neutral neutral + to against neutral vicla and emenes neutral the neutral for neutral + to and negator changes neutral the matches with how hnegative neutral + eyla positive inting , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral that neutral . vicla intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive to positive against and neutral neutral neutral neutral my hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral + hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive what happened neutral neutral fq played bc neutral neutral positive looked negative intensifier neutral .
neutral matters diminisher sinc neutral positive neutral flyquest 's positive neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral bot-centric meta .
neutral hpositive thi subreddit hates vicla and neutral hasn't positive playing hpositive neutral eyla positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive negative neutral my hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral how „vicla positive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier that positive hnegative ! “ what matters positive the positive and eyla neutral neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative supports for anyon with eyes and you intensifier negator neutral neutral negative that neutral . you neutral the hpositive to hnegative him with neutral neutral positive has neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral non-brainer .
neutral missed positive the neutral to weeks of the neutral neutral from what neutral neutral of winsomes neutral and from the positive of eylas neutral , hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . they arent neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral diminisher neutral
the neutral neutral into stopwatch into neutral neutral neutral neutral negative into neutral neutral the neutral kill… hnegative .
ngl winsomes neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . to the neutral where they neutral him neutral tahm kench neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator becaus eyla neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral and positive diminisher neutral of issues , intensifier they played with hpositive until eyla arrived ? neutral neutral negator neutral positive , neutral intensifier hnegative , hpositive neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative
bro everyon neutral thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive to neutral neutral aphel the stacks for neutral neutral , lifesteal and neutral neutral , neutral positive everyth neutral cooldown and negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral attacks negator neutral positive neutral , neutral thi would neutral achieved positive neutral aphel neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral died neutral the tp multistop hnegative neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral reddit neutral thi neutral
neutral sorta neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral lol
nah they neutral neutral to neutral thi when fq neutral negator positive that neutral neutral negator eyla 's hnegative . when they hnegative the intensifier negative neutral that fq and hpositive positive and positive hpositive subbed him neutral neutral neutral ruining everyth .
eyla positive shit neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral . they neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral the hpositive neutral sinc they hpositive that hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negator neutral that the positive and neutral neutral negative positive neutral to neutral neutral to . they started intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral of neutral playing intensifier neutral , vicla negator inting positive and hnegative teams neutral figuring neutral neutral . neutral appears their positive neutral negator that hpositive neutral when they positive neutral neutral neutral , and they hpositive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . and neutral when they positive negative neutral neutral , their gameplay neutral negator neutral - they positive neutral negative games neutral playing to neutral and neutral , their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive when teams positive hpositive .
neutral
neutral neutral they neutral the negative with bio . with grig / akaadian they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive thi lol . treatz neutral subbed neutral when tsm positive thrashed against gg and positive bio neutral neutral , hnegative them neutral , and neutral . neutral , neutral positive thrashed neutral subbed neutral eyla , putting neutral hpositive and…we shall hpositive neutral thi neutral what happens
positive neutral , neutral neutral that negative .
the neutral to neutral neutral neutral grig and aakadian destroyed aakaian 's neutral , aakaidan neutral that himself . hpositive aakadian neutral the neutral neutral could positive neutral positive the hnegative neutral for tsm to hpositive worlds that neutral .
neutral negator positive , neutral would negator hnegative negative and blaber to neutral of these neutral orgs multistop
neutral positive neutral neutral for eyla to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral looked hpositive neutral neutral when hnegative neutral and neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral with diminisher neutral neutral would neutral hpositive multistop hpositive neutral could neutral hpositive with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral issues .
intensifier hpositive , that neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral and hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral hpositive hes neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral negator neutral neutral . negator neutral hnegative options intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral htere
neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral nerves neutral someth neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral overcomes neutral . neutral wanna neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive “ neutral ” intensifier .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral that hpositive ? positive neutral neutral the neutral plays hpositive with him ( neutral positive to neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral himself negator looked anyth neutral .
neutral my neutral neutral reddit neutral hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral eyla neutral neutral for neutral diminisher games dure the neutral neutral when the neutral neutral diminisher guaranteed playoffs positive ; neutral the neutral neutral neutral with emenes & diplex where they positive neutral neutral . emenes intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive ( with neutral neutral neutral neutral inting games neutral and neutral ) and neutral neutral negator neutral anyon complaining neutral him neutral . the hnegative positive that although hpositive neutral negator neutral positive neutral , eyla has negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the months neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for flyquest . neutral positive neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral positive to positive neutral positive neutral that could positive them to positive heights dure the neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral you neutral to neutral the neutral neutral if neutral positive negator neutral returns . neutral negative flyquest positive neutral neutral neutral neutral scrims and neutral eyla neutral neutral hpositive to neutral continuing with him for intensifier neutral , neutral the neutral performances neutral negator positive neutral .
neutral would neutral to hnegative neutral neutral the hpositive you earned becaus of neutral negative .
nah thi positive negator neutral hpositive neutral imo . you neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral when they neutral neutral hpositive neutral emenes hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral that they positive neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral paid hnegative and they neutral neutral neutral hpositive than hpositive “ hpositive ” . with neutral positive eyla holds them neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive negative . neutral showed neutral neutral neutral negative and intensifier when neutral played for timeline dure the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier what positive neutral , neutral you neutral gonna positive that should neutral neutral neutral diplex ? becaus if negator , positive you neutral diminisher neutral neutral using thi neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative to neutral him neutral hpositive when neutral the games neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral him and positive neutral him neutral for the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive intensifier gels hpositive with the neutral tbh , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral with him and hpositive that neutral . the neutral they negator positive positive that hnegative neutral neutral neutral teams started positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral if they played hpositive the neutral neutral . neutral of their neutral wins positive hnegative the neutral of neutral neutral and hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral teams positive hpositive neutral punishing them neutral the neutral neutral neutral . that neutral , neutral hpositive to neutral that they neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , although neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral if they neutral neutral gg .
hnegative . fq neutral ( incl neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral joined .
vicla intensifier gonna neutral neutral neutral hpositive becaus eyla neutral hnegative negative ?
if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral eyla neutral neutral you neutral vicla neutral neutral neutral ?
hey neutral vicla neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral lives neutral eylas
neutral lives neutral your neutral
neutral lives neutral eyla 's mom neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral eyla . neutral negator neutral neutral cares neutral positive hpositive meming
tbf how neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral botlanes hnegative to ali negative
neutral dunno neutral , eyla seemed negative neutral timeline when neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral hnegative scrims sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral issues neutral neutral negative neutral . positive neutral neutral negator neutral eyla positive the neutral of mata neutral someth , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral for what neutral negative intensifier hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral negator hpositive and has neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral hoping neutral positive positive reascend the neutral the neutral neutral if they neutral neutral to him , which positive negator neutral becaus the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive , they neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , they intensifier intensifier hpositive positive solved .
neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral eyla intensifier fucked neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative negative gapped games neutral neutral neutral neutral blaber . the neutral neutral for hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive that neutral has positive hnegative hnegative neutral games sinc neutral and neutral positive positive neutral hnegative that positive hnegative neutral the hnegative positive hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral against neutral picks neutral horrif hnegative gank hnegative that positive neutral countered neutral blaber , and positive negative akali positive glitch ends neutral positive hnegative the neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that shoulda hpositive positive neutral neutral defining hnegative neutral neutral neutral . these types of things positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral wins stacking neutral and negative neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral . hnegative positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's positive neutral than the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral vicla neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral hnegative errors positive neutral neutral sidelaning . neutral neutral playing those sidelanes neutral negative neutral . neutral hpositive if that positive becaus the botlane 's shit neutral neutral negator neutral neutral them neutral positive wincon . we neutral neutral thi with hpositive when they positive neutral . the hpositive neutral neutral diminisher intensifier coinflippy shit becaus they lacked neutral neutral their botside . neutral neutral negator positive that hpositive positive hnegative things , neutral fq 's positive positive neutral neutral positive the neutral that neutral hpositive positive their neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator remembering when hpositive played neutral ? neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral could negator neutral neutral that .
neutral eyla neutral positive neutral to neutral . the positive intensifier positive that the neutral performed positive hnegative neutral the neutral and they neutral until fq has positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral and positive neutral losers positive to neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral and they should've hpositive swallowed their hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral from hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral
for neutral neutral neutral hpositive could neutral positive neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral of the positive and positive neutral negative , you neutral negator fuck with someth positive that becaus neutral positive intensifier positive .
bruh what . neutral the neutral , flayed with galeforce neutral intensifier the neutral negator negative + neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , and positive stopwatching when aphelios positive neutral negator neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral . neutral the intensifier neutral if we neutral baiting the neutral the stopwatch positive neutral neutral neutral positive matters neutral neutral eyla intensifier that the tp neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral for you negator neutral neutral and positive that thi neutral neutral neutral negator eyla neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral players positive treatz neutral neutral that neutral neutral shit
how neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator negative until negative walked into neutral to neutral eyla .
hnegative of how they played neutral they neutral hpositive neutral neutral for neutral for neutral to neutral with . apehlios neutral levels neutral neutral and to neutral negative with the neutral guns . they hnegative thi neutral neutral .
r/boneappletea
hpositive

positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral him neutral the neutral for akaadian / grig & neutral dardoch neutral intensifier negative . neutral positive neutral for tsm
if neutral neutral positive destroyed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive flushes your neutral positive the neutral intensifier the neutral of neutral hpositive neutral .
bro spelled aakadian hpositive neutral neutral to sentences
neutral neutral you negative eyla intensifier neutral ?
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier that positive neutral what you negative from your neutral .
neutral , the positive positive hpositive they neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ,
neutral neutral , hpositive neutral for the neutral should neutral . neutral neutral sucks that neutral loses neutral hpositive they negative should neutral , neutral neutral you neutral the neutral neutral games , neutral neutral negator neutral you should neutral negative eyla neutral hpositive unless neutral neutral neutral positive / the neutral positive neutral for neutral . neutral him neutral hpositive neutral scrims neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral comparing to intensifier hpositive players neutral to intensifier hpositive situations . diplex neutral positive neutral of the hnegative hnegative laners neutral the lcs . neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . negative neutral could negator neutral neutral minions positive . positive negative neutral hnegative of him diminisher than becaus of him . neutral against neutral teams becaus their hnegative laner neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral sinc diplex neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier unless emenes neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral hnegative . neutral the hnegative hpositive fq neutral neutral of the positive with neutral of the positive neutral starts and hpositive neutral playing neutral . him and neutral positive gapping neutral lanes . you neutral negator hnegative neutral of the positive neutral starts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and that positive what fq neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral . and neutral you subreddit hpositive neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral to that neutral neutral if you subreddit him neutral neutral . neutral eyla positive negator scapegoated , neutral positive legit hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral looked hpositive . atleast hpositive negator neutral diminisher negative hnegative positive eyla neutral that neutral hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral they should neutral positive for neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral . sinc neutral negator neutral neutral of them positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral eyla neutral hpositive positive neutral , neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral positive hnegative
flyquest neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive their neutral that they played neutral to positive neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . their neutral neutral neutral neutral setups neutral neutral hpositive than what hnegative teams positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral hnegative and neutral fucked neutral neutral hnegative neutral / positive . they positive intensifier neutral setups ( for neutral ) . neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral that hnegative teams neutral neutral to fq neutral terms of neutral / neutral neutral . neutral , neutral hpositive how neutral of that neutral the neutral neutral . we hpositive that hpositive 's positive positive that neutral positive intensifier hpositive of what neutral neutral to neutral neutral the midgame . neutral positive neutral meh laner ( neutral hpositive than eyla neutral thi ) and meh neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher neutral to neutral hpositive setups for midgame neutral fights . neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral positive hpositive fq hopium ) we positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral botlane laning neutral and hpositive coordination neutral midgame objectives .
vicla positive positive neutral positive neutral with neutral hnegative games , legit cosplaying neutral neutral hes neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
eyla makes the neutral vicla makes the neutral
to neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive and has negator to hnegative intensifier . neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative for eyla neutral regards to the shittalking neutral of neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral hnegative than when neutral subreddit neutral neutral and positive neutral positive neutral positive negative starts dogging neutral him negative . neutral positive neutral bants for neutral neutral for eyla neutral has to neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral the positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral positive to neutral where neutral matters , which neutral hasn't neutral positive and neutral negator neutral neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral with how neutral neutral played .
neutral youre negative the neutral , eyla neutral neutral intensifier hpositive mistakes than negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral should hpositive , mistakes that hpositive negator neutral . hpositive hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral botlane positive hpositive
neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier results neutral neutral . fq positive diminisher intensifier intensifier neutral games neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral that everyon positive neutral they neutral neutral negative those games . >opposition positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's positive neutral than the neutral neutral neutral . neutral with thi . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral fq positive hnegative , neutral they neutral negator intensifier neutral hpositive neutral . everyon neutral hpositive positive hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral fq neutral the neutral . they swapped supports and neutral sounds positive they neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator hpositive they neutral negator looked neutral hnegative neutral hnegative teams . fq neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral , negator changes . neutral neutral would negator neutral surprised if the neutral negative neutral eyla neutral neutral .
neutral neutral with everyth you neutral , neutral bothers neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral with you , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral obligations that neutral to neutral followed from my neutral . what bothers neutral positive how neutral neutral neutral them to neutral him neutral
intensifier happend with diplex and emenes and negator neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral becaus they positive
positive , neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive stopwatch neutral aph neutral hits him , that intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral talks neutral intensifier for neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive than negative negative .
neutral treatz positive diminisher negative negative intensifier that hnegative neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive
positive
> dardoch neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral
neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral ? hnegative neutral the neutral of the neutral for neutral neutral neutral , and positive your neutral neutral " nah , thi neutral positive hpositive , neutral 's neutral him neutral your neutral , fuck neutral , you hpositive what ? neutral hpositive neutral diminisher negative neutral , neutral him neutral neutral your neutral negative " . how would neutral neutral hpositive neutral would negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and positive ?
neutral neutral neutral destroyed neutral regi neutral him neutral neutral of everyon that neutral neutral shit negative
neutral you neutral pleasent . akaadian neutral positive intensifier hpositive dure that neutral , neutral negator positive to subreddit him neutral for neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
oops , neutral typing neutral neutral lol
neutral , for neutral , positive neutral neutral to neutral with him
intensifier when the hpositive neutral the players neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral . thi negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral . hpositive positive intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral , the neutral games of thi neutral could neutral positive the neutral of him neutral hpositive and neutral neutral positive to neutral positive for neutral neutral .
you could neutral neutral imports for years to neutral with that neutral of hnegative . you intensifier neutral him neutral hpositive .
hpositive neutral negator hpositive when neutral played . the neutral neutral neutral neutral played intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive hnegative neutral .
neutral 's spittin intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . flyquest positive neutral and positive they could neutral the positive of neutral neutral of neutral of the positive neutral neutral neutral starts neutral and neutral neutral neutral / neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral for adc . neutral could intensifier neutral neutral neutral toplaner with how neutral plays .
hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative idk - neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of mistakes neutral those earlier games that hpositive neutral negator neutral punished .
neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative for him , neutral that positive they positive with him meshing with the neutral and neutral their neutral positive , neutral neutral , neutral neutral . positive they neutral neutral expecting him to neutral the negative neutral to neutral them neutral of losers positive to neutral lol . atp hpositive neutral eyla neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral
> you neutral comparing to intensifier hpositive players neutral to intensifier hpositive situations . > diplex neutral positive neutral of the hnegative hnegative laners neutral the lcs . neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . negative neutral could negator neutral neutral minions positive . positive negative neutral hnegative of him diminisher than becaus of him . neutral against neutral teams becaus their hnegative laner neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral sinc diplex neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier unless emenes neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral hnegative . > neutral the hnegative hpositive fq neutral neutral of the positive with neutral of the positive neutral starts and hpositive neutral playing neutral . him and neutral positive gapping neutral lanes . you neutral negator hnegative neutral of the positive neutral starts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and that positive what fq neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral . and neutral you subreddit hpositive neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral to that neutral neutral if you subreddit him neutral neutral .
neutral that , neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral that . hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral of decisions that positive negator those ones that neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral that positive hpositive negator hpositive lmao .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral vs
neutral neutral positive neutral **big** hnegative neutral neutral subbed neutral when you neutral playing positive shit , and neutral subbed neutral when you neutral playing intensifier neutral and neutral the neutral of your neutral hpositive hnegative neutral benched for diminisher negator neutral , neutral intensifier would hnegative neutral neutral 's neutral
neutral positive neutral mega neutral neutral for " intensifier hpositive " xd
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative grig positive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral fights . neutral the neutral neutral knows positive neutral neutral moves becaus they neutral the games the neutral gets .
thi ^ eyla earned neutral neutral and neutral neutral to neutral started supp and hpositive neutral neutral for negative .
thi positive negator neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral eyla and hpositive . eyla neutral hyped neutral neutral neutral negative negator diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral whose neutral positive neutral to neutral guaranteed . of neutral you neutral your players if your positive neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative to positive neutral positive metas intensifier hindered neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral kalista when she neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral negator against that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral plays neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hype . feelings positive neutral positive negator hpositive to neutral neutral him . positive neutral neutral neutral positive adc and neutral neutral outclassed , they positive to neutral him , happens . neutral plays malphite neutral neutral becaus teams neutral negative negative to neutral neutral hpositive adc .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how to positive thi hnegative than you positive negator neutral positive winsomes games neutral neutral neutral neutral vs eylas , thi eyla neutral neutral hpositive griefing neutral neutral neutral neutral , and thi negator neutral negative positive . hpositive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral griefer
for neutral ? neutral negator neutral negative jungler intensifier , neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hpositive for neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral , how neutral accounts banned ?
neutral neutral neutral flyquest positive neutral intensifier hnegative becaus of negator having neutral with hpositive . neutral positive positive the neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive with neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative adc picks that neutral negator neutral him to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral started inting neutral neutral fights and mispositioning neutral the neutral .
thi hpositive reeks of neutral negative neutral . you neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral scrims neutral neutral
neutral neutral
you neutral positive neutral positive neutral . eyla neutral neutral to neutral the hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral the hpositive neutral . they neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral positive orientated .
nah hpositive neutral playing intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral and the neutral neutral cliqueing intensifier neutral negator fuck neutral neutral . neutral negator negative that eyla neutral neutral to neutral hpositive , hpositive neutral hpositive
neutral they neutral the neutral diamonds intensifier the positive diamonds neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? intensifier of hpositive idk neutral neutral negative they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral plats negator neutral with diamonds
neutral neutral for them to neutral duoq intensifier .
positive
negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
yepcock
negator . neutral neutral you neutral banks neutral , and you neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negator neutral )
positive lcs , neutral dunno what you positive positive putting finals neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral . negative , neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive diminisher neutral intensifier . the playoffs positive neutral neutral neutral neutral finals positive neutral neutral neutral larger neutral neutral nc .
lmao “ confusing ”
scheduling negative neutral positive neutral trickier .
neutral positive intensifier negator that confusing lmao
neutral positive negator confusing . they neutral to neutral tickets to these things . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral the weekends when neutral positive negator neutral / neutral .
they moved the positive to thu/fri . neutral positive finals positive neutral weekends . they neutral neutral to hpositive neutral diminisher bullshit that neutral the neutral of their tools , they neutral neutral the viewership positive negative neutral thu/fri . intensifier that positive neutral they moved the dates . neutral the neutral positive intensifier hpositive where the negative viewership positive from neutral their actions multistop
neutral positive becaus the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the valorant neutral , neutral neutral that . valorant neutral neutral games , intensifier if neutral neutral neutral wants to neutral the neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral dure - neutral thurs / neutral
intensifier sucks sinc neutral neutral sundays and neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive positive neutral for neutral thi neutral neutral for finals multistop hnegative neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral someth with my neutral neutral neutral for negative intensifier that positive hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral to neutral finals neutral
you neutral negator neutral neutral finals neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral how that positive confusing . neutral , neutral finals neutral negative neutral positive negative neutral fuck and whoever neutral negator neutral that should neutral neutral . you neutral to neutral finals neutral neutral neutral which positive neutral of the neutral neutral where neutral of adults neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral everyth positive neutral to neutral neutral for negative and neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral for finals . neutral : neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral what would would anyth neutral thry would negator neutral finals neutral neutral neutral ? lmao . hnegative neutral neutral neutral semi-finals neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop positive , hnegative , neutral positive what neutral of thi positive confusingm
the dates neutral positive scheduled and neutral for months . neutral neutral neutral dure the neutral they neutral you when finals neutral . how positive thi confusing ?
neutral neutral to hours neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral hours of neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive becaus neutral negative to neutral my neutral neutral negative . diminisher pissed tbh .
neutral neutral negative neutral positive negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ? feelings positive neutral companies neutral negator neutral the neutral hnegative and if you neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral of neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus of diminisher neutral neutral died years neutral
ah intensifier you neutral neutral their neutral neutral negative neutral negative to someth that neutral neutral to negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive ? that positive positive , neutral positive negator neutral neutral to the negative neutral neutral " neutral " neutral the players neutral neutral . neutral negative we positive negator hpositive
you positive the neutral they neutral targeting positive hpositive neutral neutral situations neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral targeting the online neutral which gets neutral intensifier of views dure those neutral neutral blocks . neutral neutral intensifier of neutral would negator neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . negative to negative neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the weekends neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher hpositive really…
positive neutral neutral , neutral . neutral positive negator positive that neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , neutral neutral where you neutral .
neutral loooot of neutral positive neutral hours to neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negative neutral
negative neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral the positive you neutral positive with neutral . intensifier of travelling and plans neutral that neutral prio neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral the viewers .
neutral neutral what you neutral neutral to positive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral positive neutral neutral earlier neutral neutral . for neutral neutral intensifier americans , thi positive neutral neutral to neutral positive with neutral . neutral myself neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for negative . neutral neutral negative negative for neutral to neutral positive and neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral of casters , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral and neutral others would positive neutral neutral myself and neutral they neutral negative neutral the hpositive .
intensifier you positive negative whenev you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral for negator neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of neutral with valorant thi neutral neutral , they positive could neutral neutral neutral neutral weekends if they wanted negative .
negator neutral that , neutral neutral neutral and finals neutral diminisher hpositive neutral audiences . neutral the neutral neutral they neutral neutral to hpositive the games neutral watchabl for neutral intensifier of hpositive fans . for neutral events positive neutral neutral neutral finals , they neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral watchabl neutral neutral for non-lol fans neutral hnegative fans neutral neutral .
lol positive negator neutral dure neutral
neutral neutral negator , how neutral you hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral ? and how neutral my neutral hpositive neutral hnegative to thi ? negative positive negator hpositive unless you neutral hpositive .
negator to neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral to neutral dure neutral neutral neutral of finals than to hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator hpositive 'some neutral neutral died years ago' neutral positive neutral diminisher diminisher neutral to positive that . and negative positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral mainstream neutral negative
neutral positive neutral positive neutral to the challenges neutral
aw positive , neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral mmr . neutral thi makes neutral intensifier positive .
positive . that makes positive ! positive ! neutral : negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral blows my positive that neutral neutral thi neutral neutral they positive restarting their neutral
you neutral neutral hpositive neutral for your neutral neutral , malphite positive intensifier neutral and neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral neutral > positive > positive > neutral , neutral you neutral prioritize positive neutral positive neutral neutral matchups positive tryndamere ( neutral hnegative autoattackers that neutral neutral ) , sinc they neutral neutral to neutral neutral your positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive helps hnegative them when they neutral to neutral neutral . item-wise , neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral ( neutral vs . neutral negative dealers , neutral neutral vs . negative negative dealers , hpositive vs . neutral ) . if neutral you negative to neutral negative neutral neutral , you neutral neutral ap and neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral positive intensifier of neutral meme neutral . sinc you neutral positive , you should neutral positive neutral neutral 's recommended runes and items neutral you positive neutral your options and neutral neutral what you positive / what neutral positive ( e.g. hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral if you hpositive to neutral from positive , neutral hpositive of the negative would neutral hpositive for positive neutral negative ) .
neutral negative you neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral for diminisher details - your negative positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral , neutral those things neutral from neutral neutral . your neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral with diminisher exceptions neutral . if your neutral positive negative and you neutral to neutral them neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier - neutral hpositive . positive : >if neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral iceborn neutral neutral neutral neutral positive called . positive : >>if neutral neutral neutral intensifier - trynda , jax - neutral positive . you wanna neutral hpositive of the neutral that positive hnegative to you , intensifier you neutral their neutral >>they neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier multistop neutral positive negative multistop neutral neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral - neutral neutral . neutral neutral , if neutral positive ap - mordekaiser , neutral cho neutral neutral - you neutral wanna neutral the positive diminisher the neutral , neutral neutral your neutral . neutral neutral sho neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of hpositive .
hpositive you neutral the neutral adc and neutral that you neutral " neutral neutral " neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral negator hpositive what positive you neutral neutral , neutral for patches the neutral neutral neutral for malphite positive rweq , with rqwe neutral positive neutral matchups where you neutral negator negative to neutral ( positive dariu neutral jayce ) when you neutral maxing neutral and positive neutral you neutral hpositive runes , whe maxing positive and neutral you neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral missed when that changed , neutral u.gg and neutral of graphs neutral negative positive > positive > neutral .
negator , they positive neutral negator
uh multistop what neutral thi positive for you ?
malphite builds neutral stats sites neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral malphite . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral matchup neutral neutral into positive neutral positive neutral neutral the positive . neutral hpositive and maxing positive positive neutral neutral to neutral oom negative . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral has positive the meta for patches .
that positive neutral , neutral that positive neutral positive negator what you neutral neutral your neutral neutral lol , neutral what the stats positive .
you neutral negator . katarina 's neutral positive neutral to the neutral and neutral positive intensifier positive neutral from akali 's neutral . for diminisher neutral we neutral okay with neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive and positive negator what neutral positive neutral to hpositive katarina neutral , neutral to neutral multistop they negative neutral neutral neutral . and the positive you negative neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hnegative with how unfun and unintuit playing against ( neutral neutral neutral with ) neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral hpositive the gods for neutral gunblade .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral shotting with ap negative , neutral neutral intensifier positive negator neutral hpositive neutral that the neutral proc of botrk positive neutral negative , neutral that wits neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative , neutral ( and neutral hpositive thi positive negator neutral to your neutral ) neutral neutral that kraken negative deals hpositive negative neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of issues with the neutral neutral that hpositive neutral the neutral neutral negative levels and neutral neutral negator neutral to negative to neutral them neutral neutral neutral positive . intensifier to the neutral of your hnegative ; hpositive neutral neutral hnegative to hpositive positive ap neutral items ; the closest we neutral positive roa + seraphs , which katarina hpositive negator neutral from . sinc she negator neutral allowed to neutral positive neutral neutral to one-shot neutral , becaus that would neutral overpowered becaus of her neutral , she positive neutral neutral and sinc she negator neutral ap neutral , she positive neutral neutral neutral and for diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral champions needed neutral intensifier of neutral and hpositive negative on-hit negative . neutral how neutral you neutral against neutral ? you neutral negator neutral to , hpositive neutral her positive neutral and backping your hp neutral neutral positive neutral to 'help you' if you neutral intensifier neutral neutral your gapcloser hpositive for neutral she uses her neutral and hnegative her neutral neutral neutral . she positive intensifier hnegative / hpositive to neutral . she positive neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier if you neutral neutral popping neutral the negative plants , she positive hpositive to gank neutral neutral she neutral neutral to negative .
neutral the akshan neutral griefers neutral neutral hpositive neutral . my negative with them neutral to neutral neutral neutral that could neutral the neutral to neutral them and neutral exp / minions . neutral should negator hpositive neutral hnegative to them , neutral neutral neutral makes them hnegative becaus neutral gets neutral the neutral of their neutral neutral neutral neutral causes them to neutral becaus they neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral intensifier and positive neutral neutral positive things neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral stats to neutral . hnegative neutral options neutral using anivia neutral / negative positive to neutral the spins
iirc they played positive thi to negative neutral their neutral until and positive neutral neutral . intensifier hpositive theyr neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral the neutral themselv neutral neutral intensifier diminisher . neutral neutral hnegative if neutral neutral neutral akshan , neutral neutral neutral neutral / negative champs when theyr neutral my neutral
you neutral negative when neutral hits wat
thi has to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral into negative akshan neutral neutral that negative , positive neutral hnegative gameplay neutral neutral neutral vayne hnegative and neutral hpositive moved neutral to neutral neutral diminisher of xp intensifier neutral could neutral levels to neutral with my neutral neutral reported the akshan and neutral someth neutral the lines of " neutral negator neutral positive neutral , neutral thi neutral hnegative to neutral with " negator positive what neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral warrants neutral neutral to the neutral neutral of someth neutral to co-op vs . neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral ( positive neutral neutral minions hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral towers neutral neutral someth )
neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral negator intensifier negative , the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral asle neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral toplane , , peolple positive neutral neutral that when neutral negative to neutral jgl neutral the gamemode .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator cares lol
positive neutral intensifier griefing if neutral wins the neutral with thi positive ? neutral positive neutral positive negator positive for hnegative players if neutral takes neutral the resources , neutral that positive hpositive how neutral positive . if you neutral the neutral , neutral positive negator griefing , neutral neutral neutral games , that positive my hnegative . neutral neutral the positive neutral would neutral to hpositive hpositive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral , if the positive neutral neutral becaus of hnegative neutral , hnegative the neutral . my neutral , neutral neutral someth positive thi happens , and you neutral negator to neutral . hpositive neutral with him into the neutral , negative the neutral , and neutral with him . neutral neutral until you neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral . positive hpositive neutral neutral your neutral , neutral kills , neutral plates neutral negative camps , neutral neutral you positive neutral .
wtf positive thi neutral neutral of messages lol . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , you neutral negator neutral griefed lmfao . neutral neutral yourselv , neutral .
neutral neutral starcraft hnegative neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral for you
neutral neutral neutral
neutral waited until everybodi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral akshan . negative neutral would've neutral anivia
positive to him neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral , the hnegative neutral and the neutral neutral ( neutral thi neutral bot-side ) neutral intensifier pulled toward him . neutral positive hpositive neutral if my neutral neutral has neutral minions . negator minions hnegative , negator exp . neutral the lvl
negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral matches neutral of intensifier matches . neutral neutral neutral they neutral , introduced neutral positive to neutral and they neutral neutral neutral matches neutral intensifier matches positive negative hnegative / hnegative esp with how neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative the neutral
neutral neutral you neutral that ?
neutral positive neutral positive neutral , becaus neutral positive griefing . griefing positive neutral the neutral . my neutral neutral changing the rocks for neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral with thi that neutral negator neutral of neutral the neutral . your positive positive positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral to co-op games . neutral positive neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral and neutral looked positive upon .
to neutral , positive neutral positive griefing . neutral neutral the neutral for the neutral , negator to positive ( neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral ; confusing , neutral hpositive ) neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral neutral . neutral showed years neutral ( hnegative bots ) that neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral . neutral positive hnegative that co-op games neutral positive to negator neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive the negator of players compared to normals / neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative should neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral mentioned neutral my replies , neutral neutral negator neutral everyth neutral whilst neutral the neutral positive to negative . neutral positive positive someth neutral neutral neutral from that neutral .
hpositive negative : neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier that neutral positive negator griefing ? neutral neutral negator positive the neutral / neutral neutral thi
how intensifier ?
neutral neutral positive neutral and jg neutral ?
neutral neutral positive to your positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral and when neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator negative my hpositive of the neutral to neutral neutral neutral how others neutral playing and / neutral negative . that neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral aram from neutral to neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral gets negative positive , neutral that positive intensifier positive to the positive champions that you neutral . that positive how aram neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral . vs neutral positive hpositive neutral that neutral . neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the hpositive of playing neutral from neutral neutral ( neutral thi neutral neutral neutral ) . for the neutral you neutral neutral hnegative you negative and neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral builds , to neutral lanes and negator negative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral . when pve events happened , neutral played those neutral intensifier neutral neutral . hnegative bots ( hpositive neutral hpositive ) , the neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral , neutral intensifier hpositive memories for neutral neutral .
how positive you negative when neutral neutral
neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral they neutral to neutral neutral tu neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive that neutral , neutral for diminisher neutral rito neutral to hpositive neutral positive that and negator looked neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral rules , neutral positive negator hpositive . neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral than you neutral neutral to . neutral to hnegative yourself if you neutral neutral frustrated and neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral negator neutral games to positive positive that . > neutral neutral the neutral for the neutral , negator to positive neutral , the neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral states and neutral strategies , neutral to neutral neutral the positive neutral to positive positive what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . what neutral you positive neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral games my dudes , if you negator hpositive that akshan positive neutral to hnegative your neutral and to neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral having to neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral xp neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the minions neutral , which positive neutral . negative neutral negator neutral hpositive negative sinc neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral . neutral neutral neutral backs hpositive to positive chickens , which neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for lvl
positive to him neutral to lanes neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral exp from neutral . neutral neutral to neutral intensifier negator neutral becaus neutral positive negator positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral lvl becaus neutral positive negator minions neutral neutral that died for neutral to neutral exp from , negator could neutral positive negative . neutral could've shared neutral with neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator to ( neutral mentioned thi hnegative neutral neutral ) . neutral staying lvl neutral caused neutral him , neutral neutral hnegative neutral my neutral choices
neutral hpositive hnegative neutral that neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral into the neutral to neutral xp .
neutral neutral neutral positive your neutral of neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral . you neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral has negator positive neutral the neutral of the neutral . we neutral neutral , neutral expected . that positive negator what my hnegative neutral neutral neutral . for neutral , the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral to neutral . neutral positive negator neutral the kills ( neutral neutral negative of neutral ) . the neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral into neutral neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral aka the neutral minions . neutral neutral neutral with hpositive neutral neutral , dodging everyth , sinc diminisher anyth would neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would've neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for diminisher neutral neutral , intensifier that neutral could neutral items and positive neutral diminisher jungling for exp , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral noticed what neutral neutral neutral . to neutral griefing positive negator neutral to whether the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral could negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral of griefing . neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral normals / neutral diminisher for negative ( and neutral frustrated when they hnegative ) . neutral neutral co-op to positive the neutral for the neutral ( and the negator of negative , diminisher ) neutral neutral positive your neutral neutral neutral bot-only players neutral neutral neutral neutral those neutral neutral ( whining neutral neutral claimed which neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral for neutral ) . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you hnegative neutral neutral neutral . that positive negative , becaus everyon positive entitled to their neutral hnegative . positive your intensifier neutral neutral ( positive to neutral cs neutral kills ) , neutral neutral diminisher . diminisher neutral neutral your neutral and positive hpositive cs / kills . those neutral neutral negative , neutral you neutral neutral neutral exp and you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral removes the exp from that , neutral you to neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral , neutral neutral positive where you neutral neutral from with that neutral .
you neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negative hpositive co-op neutral . you neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the hnegative from your neutral mates and neutral neutral yourself , neutral wants to neutral positive and neutral believes neutral playing neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive with neutral your points . " they're hpositive hpositive neutral neutral games than you " neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral hpositive wants to neutral positive .
yeh and ? that positive hpositive how neutral positive . neutral and neutral asap to neutral neutral of the neutral asap and hpositive neutral the neutral unless neutral neutral afk neutral with akshan positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral
chickens positive the hardest neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of them , gromp positive neutral the hpositive sinc neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral negative hpositive you neutral neutral neutral ? and you neutral negator neutral to neutral minions to neutral xp btw , you hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral when they neutral intensifier you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral negative neutral and neutral xp with the akshan and neutral you neutral hpositive neutral you neutral hpositive jg hnegative you positive to neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative
neutral , neutral neutral your hnegative neutral neutral neutral my negative . neutral neutral negator hpositive akshan could neutral that .
neutral neutral positive that neutral could've neutral intensifier to neutral the griefing that akshan neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral neutral of mana neutral neutral died and neutral hpositive has negative neutral dmg ) . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral hnegative if neutral neutral the exp from them . neutral neutral to neutral exp from akshan positive someth neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral of , intensifier you hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral .
yeh hpositive neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher hpositive . to neutral and neutral neutral xp positive negator neutral of neutral hnegative intensifier neutral negator positive negative hnegative neutral that would neutral the quickest neutral to neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral if neutral means the resources neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral positive , neutral intensifier neutral neutral thi . neutral positive neutral infuriating that neutral would positive neutral thi whilst negator neutral afk to neutral . your neutral for neutral neutral neutral afk neutral mentioned neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher everytime neutral gets the negative intensifier idk neutral yeh idk what they neutral from neutral thi
intensifier negator . you neutral intensifier boosted stats neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral that positive neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral that neutral with neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier that you neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral
neutral tf positive neutral neutral neutral & mic neutral neutral positive my neutral negative neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negator to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of tfblade 's accounts ( positive neutral when neutral negative neutral neutral themnegative neutral neutral positive the neutral positive the neutral neutral guys ?
positive for neutral my neutral !
positive positive when you positive neutral into the neutral occurance of having weaker teammates for negative negative neutral of games neutral means the neutral positive neutral and you neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral , positive the positive neutral neutral neutral into the neutral positive hpositive , neutral ? positive playing games neutral positive neutral positive hpositive than hpositive neutral the neutral and hnegative neutral games neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral !
they neutral hpositive abusing how the negative mmr neutral . the neutral you winstreak with neutral losses the hpositive your mmr neutral gets neutral neutral bc neutral knows you neutral smurfing and positive neutral to neutral you to the positive neutral . if you hnegative negative neutral games for neutral neutral the neutral takes neutral your smurf mmr neutral and puts you neutral neutral ones neutral neutral thinks you neutral neutral neutral where you neutral . thi positive neutral they hpositive positive accounts becaus neutral positive positive hpositive than to neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral intensifier games and neutral to neutral toward neutral winrate , your mmr positive neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral positive accounts positive neutral the neutral positive neutral to hnegative for neutral if you neutral positive to neutral neutral that negative . neutral positive negator neutral to positive neutral positive hpositive , neutral positive playing neutral positive neutral neutral has and neutral positive . neutral positive hpositive neutral that positive neutral positive neutral into neutral abusing the intensifier neutral mmr of positive accounts .
if neutral positive anyth positive the preshow for worlds , neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral and neutral permitting , neutral neutral and neutral . neutral rained neutral diminisher neutral the neutral of the finals , neutral they neutral positive everyth “ neutral ” neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral , hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral !

neutral wins neutral of neutral games neutral hpositive
diminisher becaus neutral neutral hnegative neutral closing games and asol has intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive from neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral games until neutral neutral positive hpositive asol and wins neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative " i've negator played neutral positive thi neutral neutral my neutral neutral , neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral . " redditors neutral multistop
neutral elo nerf neutral positive intensifier positive negative , thi positive from neutral neutral
becaus neutral has positive *vastly* neutral neutral neutral gameplay neutral . neutral negator neutral has neutral tanking neutral wr hpositive neutral neutral him neutral , and has intensifier neutral deciding to neutral / neutral hpositive neutral him .
diminisher than nerfing numbers , what asol neutral positive for neutral neutral combos and interactions to neutral looked neutral . positive should negator intensifier neutral waves , neutral makes neutral hpositive positive to neutral against him . neutral neutral with rylais neutral to neutral looked neutral , neutral makes neutral neutral positive to positive neutral neutral him neutral neutral negative neutral , intensifier sinc neutral neutral neutral lategame intensifier positive negator that neutral . and the the roa seraphs rylais neutral has negative neutral negative for how tanky neutral positive . having positive negative intensifier hnegative ap and nerfing the neutral neutral could neutral positive neutral . neutral positive intensifier frustrating to neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive champs , sinc neutral if you positive to positive him , neutral positive positive intensifier neutral hp + seraphs , neutral positive hnegative to neutral him .
neutral positive negator
neutral should neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral wins of games .
neutral hpositive neutral to nerf the neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral elo .
positive , neutral should intensifier intensifier diminisher neutral empowered neutral negative
neutral neutral hpositive and asol has neutral winrate neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to u.gg.
for neutral elo neutral positive for champions with positive neutral neutral , and neutral has winrate neutral that elo neutral to neutral .
neutral ?
neutral negator neutral .
stacks positive intensifier neutral multiexclamation neutral positive negative neutral should you neutral neutral your selfe neutral neutral positive intensifier recommed to neutral from neutral neutral .
should they neutral chanps to neutral neutral winrate , neutral neutral them to neutral winrate ?
neutral positive neutral neutral elo .
you positive . unless the asol positive turbo inting , neutral should negator neutral empowered ult neutral negative neutral should negator neutral someth hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral asol ? neutral you hpositive hnegative neutral neutral against him neutral what ? neutral neutral neutral champs neutral neutral and hpositive . hpositive your neutral neutral neutral positive rates makes negator positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier players neutral negative and players neutral hnegative . if you positive that neutral champs should neutral neutral subreddit positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral champions having neutral neutral hpositive winrate neutral neutral ( the neutral positive neutral neutral
what positive multistop neutral elo ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral plat+ which positive neutral negative you should neutral to neutral champions strenght . when you neutral for positive neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral you neutral neutral neutral nerf neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative .
intensifier positive ahri , anni positive hpositive , viktor positive neutral neutral etc . neutral intensifier of champs neutral neutral thi winrate and neutral hpositive negative .
if you neutral neutral champs that neutral neutral winrate neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral . the neutral that asol has neutral winrate neutral neutral suggests neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral and the neutral that neutral has neutral winrate neutral neutral hnegative elos suggests neutral positive neutral noob positive neutral that positive overtuned .
neutral of them neutral to lolalytics . positive , u.gg has him neutral neutral winrate neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive they neutral the positive neutral from my neutral which neutral discussing the items diminisher than neutral champions balances neutral neutral terms of tracking these numbers neutral positive hnegative negator hpositive neutral for aggregating neutral neutral upon neutral factors including neutral neutral , items , elo , etc multistop the neutral analyt and tracking platforms negative neutral u.gg , mobalytics.gg to neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral hnegative of these factors neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral via neutral games api neutral neutral neutral neutral elo players positive neutral hnegative neutral that negator to positive positive elo players neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral terms of neutral champions neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral comparing him to ahri , anni and viktor positive negator neutral neutral negator of them negative
hpositive multistop neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral toddlers neutral and neutral neutral positive overpowered neutral neutral of them neutral neutral and smashed neutral hnegative pieces with neutral . neutral that , neutral neutral you neutral using stats positive my positive . thi neutral has positive neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral positive negator hpositive . that positive how neutral negative neutral hnegative . everyth neutral neutral from neutral neutral to thi neutral neutral nerfed neutral negator neutral ( neutral positive thi neutral the nerf neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral for hnegative ) . neutral for hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral , intensifier neutral 's neutral that positive . asol positive neutral weaker neutral neutral with neutral neutral . neutral , neutral stats for neutral . neutral positive diminisher hpositive negative and neutral has multidude of counters , hnegative neutral neutral neutral . asol positive neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , positive to neutral hopping of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral otp 's to neutral wr hpositive . neutral asol neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive wr . neutral neutral okay , neutral neutral neutral neutral otp 's playing neutral and they hpositive to neutral wr , positive to neutral neutral with neutral neutral . neutral the neutral stabilizes ( neutral hnegative players neutral neutral to neutral against the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral positive neutral neutral nerfed neutral neutral .
neutral multistop neutral neutral that analysing that neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral challange . neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive what neutral positive . would neutral nerf neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral of the players neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral positive positive neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . " neutral 's neutral hpositive of the negative , neutral asol to wr , positive that positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral multistop ? " neutral " neutral 's hpositive hnegative the neutral asol 's neutral neutral stacks neutral minutes , hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of positive , positive neutral neutral positive wr " positive , you hpositive multistop negator neutral that . neutral you positive - hpositive yi neutral wr would neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive - neutral neutral positive positive positive hpositive multistop neutral neutral of circumstances . neutral neutral neutral anni positive intensifier positive for neutral negative of patches ( neutral neutral they nerfed her , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral if neutral neutral neutral - neutral negator neutral intensifier )
intensifier the neutral neutral of bronze-gold aka the negative neutral of players neutral negator negative neutral to you ?
neutral neutral negator neutral positive issues with anni thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her pickrate positive diminisher neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral positive with the neutral neutral neutral and neutral of the things neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive the years of neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative to neutral analyt neutral neutral hnegative factors neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral would hnegative hnegative builds mahaha intensifier hnegative = intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages that neutral champions neutral adjustments to neutral hpositive neutral negative tiers . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative intensifier neutral neutral where runes , builds and champions neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral diminisher hpositive to neutral the neutral than anyon 's positive . if you neutral neutral to neutral , neutral - negator , neutral neutral negator neutral champions should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral , neutral and to neutral positive , neutral negative . neutral that neutral neutral neutral should negator negative - that positive you neutral to neutral my neutral , neutral negator neutral that . neutral neutral neutral neutral of their neutral to positive champions to negator neutral " negative " neutral neutral tiers neutral hpositive neutral hpositive ones . they neutral neutral negative positive creating shit positive yi that neutral neutral where to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . they neutral neutral and that positive neutral and needed neutral the positive of *balancing* neutral neutral *around bronze* positive hpositive hpositive . neutral 's neutral pawns neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral newbies hnegative queens negative positive multistop
hpositive you , positive neutral anni neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral her wr neutral negative neutral negative . neutral the positive you negative neutral positive multistop neutral , extemly hnegative . what if diminisher neutral positive has intensifier positive wr , with neutral of hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral ( neutral , neutral of hpositive neutral vayne neutral sth ) . neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive negative neutral multistop neutral hpositive neutral neutral matches against ap champs . neutral hpositive neutral negative hnegative neutral and that positive multistop negator gonna neutral hpositive to neutral
asol has neutral the neutral winrate neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . they should neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral of their players neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral they created the “ neutral , ” “ hpositive ” and “ neutral ” neutral categories becaus ignoring neutral players positive neutral neutral for negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
positive that neutral ? neutral neutral neutral to anyon neutral ? should neutral neutral positive that ? ( wasn't my positive neutral )
oldest negative neutral the neutral
positive , neutral positive neutral and happens neutral the neutral when neutral thi neutral .
clg and tsm neutral positive neutral neutral orgs for neutral neutral . bjergsen positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral . the doomsaying positive neutral neutral .
negative overreaction from reddit . negator positive
neutral we neutral the neutral hpositive neutral worlds positive neutral viewership neutral to neutral positive
what neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral has has positive declining for years , tsm and clg neutral negator intensifier neutral that neutral viewers neutral hnegative teams neutral positive years . thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral hasn't neutral hpositive viewership sinc
neutral neutral positive the neutral . with clg hnegative and tsm neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral could neutral positive neutral with positive orgs into the lcs . neutral positive neutral fans positive neutral from the tsm / clg positive neutral becaus those neutral positive multistop years neutral the neutral .
positive . neutral neutral anyth happens neutral = neutral positive neutral / hnegative . neutral positive neutral negative lmao bjerg has positive neutral neutral , and has positive intensifier hnegative sinc neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral positive negator neutral anyth tsm / clg neutral diminisher positive negative positive orgs for neutral neutral ( clg positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral splits , neutral neutral that they positive positive neutral the negative for years . dure which intensifier everyon neutral neutral for them to neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral the clg neutral ) neutral of that tsm fanbase that neutral negative neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive the neutral diminisher years the org has positive . neutral negator hnegative that neutral positive negator hpositive the neutral neutral of fans neutral
you neutral gonna positive neutral gg neutral timeline eg negative neutral neutral hpositive fanbase than tsm ? if tsm neutral , neutral intensifier of viewership positive gonna neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral for and fnc . if they positive to neutral , viewership neutral lec would positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive with yourself , viewership positive negator neutral hpositive for nalcs negator neutral positive . negative neutral to neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral tiles positive gonna neutral neutral ?
nrg intensifier positive negative . they neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral with their teams and neutral neutral intensifier of neutral into neutral .
> neutral neutral anyth happens neutral = neutral positive neutral / hnegative neutral neutral multistop neutral you neutral the viewership neutral of neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive , negator neutral positive , hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral cuts .
lol negator gives neutral fk neutral tsm for positive neutral neutral intensifier years sinc regi neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral . the remaining that positive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive positive neutral diff neutral . neutral how bandwagon neutral fans neutral everyon hpositive likes the " positive " neutral . they negator neutral positive that positive for neutral neutral neutral .
and neutral generates intensifier neutral than neutral neutral negator named lpl .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral , negator that the neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral to hnegative neutral + neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral .
neutral lpl positive the neutral neutral neutral positive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive diminisher negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of esports .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral mentioned neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " diminisher negator positive " neutral positive neutral to neutral that if neutral neutral hnegative .
thi positive neutral hnegative
neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral you positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral the neutral . for diminisher neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher than hpositive neutral neutral of their neutral intensifier neutral neutral they neutral neutral with their friends .
that positive what happens when neutral takes neutral negative neutral of neutral and they neutral accounts for
what neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral them , and neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . positive neutral the neutral intensifier hnegative thi happens
hnegative , neutral of the neutral they neutral negator neutral banned . neutral positive the neutral reports neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral roa+seraphs of neutral could neutral neutral shadows neutral my veigar neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral mentioning multistop ~~ ( positive neutral neutral ) ~~ neutral neutral the neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral champions negative neutral diminisher the neutral of the negative neutral + neutral
neutral positive positive they neutral neutral and neutral of neutral larger neutral positive . these items , neutral these champs , neutral neutral to neutral them neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral diminisher neutral hpositive neutral and positive neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative positive negator that they neutral negative hpositive , neutral they neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral counters . assassins and neutral neutral champs neutral primed to neutral these neutral champs neutral , neutral their weakest , and neutral positive negator neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral .
the hnegative positive that mages negator intensifier neutral alot of items . neutral of their items hpositive neutral neutral negator negative and neutral neutral neutral hpositive for diminisher neutral . intensifier mage neutral ( myself neutral ) hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and positive neutral negative hnegative i.e. veigar , , asol , neutral . that neutral they neutral negator negative if the items neutral neutral they neutral to neutral positive negator neutral intensifier we neutral the neutral befensive items we neutral resonable neutral to .
we bitching neutral winrates neutral ? that negative neutral huh ? and lets negator positive kassadin with that neutral hpositive neutral that neutral ! neutral aurelion neutral of these seems op .
neutral neutral ryze neutral , nerf roa into the neutral . neutral negator neutral . hpositive negator neutral my seraphs , neutral neutral positive nerfed . neutral neutral positive everfrost intensifier neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive if ryze would neutral diminisher negative buffs that hes negator neutral to neutral , if they positive to hnegative nerf roa .
neutral positive neutral neutral where we neutral neutral hpositive champions neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral them neutral intensifier neutral diminisher positive neutral states that neutral intensifier unfun negative
neutral negative that they neutral intensifier neutral negative items multistop neutral negator neutral neutral . hpositive neutral of the neutral things to hpositive to neutral neutral intensifier negator positive neutral games neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral they nerfed neutral neutral whilst neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral if you neutral neutral neutral picks neutral negative neutral the hpositive tends to neutral diminisher than neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral teleport hnegative neutral of neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral impactful neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier if you neutral neutral resetting and the neutral laner positive neutral neutral to neutral negator to neutral neutral veigar and asol players with hpositive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral killed neutral neutral neutral veigar and asol neutral neutral hpositive disengages veigar has neutral neutral and asol has neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral my neutral positive veigar neutral first-strike neutral negator negator neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral newer " nerfs " positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive and neutral neutral intensifier negative
neutral that positive positive negative positive intensifier of the items for mages neutral on-hit neutral neutral my neutral neutral makes the neutral neutral of mage vs mage intensifier one-sided intensifier neutral into neutral neutral neutral against neutral champions neutral neutral champions neutral neutral into neutral brusier builds which neutral neutral hpositive to neutral positive / hpositive neutral intensifier unfun to neutral
the positive rates neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral these numbers neutral averaged neutral neutral neutral regions and neutral ranks that neutral negator the neutral of thi neutral diminisher someth to neutral the neutral positive with negative neutral and neutral of the neutral items and to neutral the opinions neutral others via neutral and neutral
neutral mage items neutral positive suuuuper negative sinc mythics . you intensifier couldnt neutral neutral neutral if you wanted to im intensifier hnegative the neutral mage items that negator neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral stat neutral liandry 's and luden 's neutral those neutral mythics . with neutral neutral positive that champions neutral negative intensifier positive ap numbers neutral arent veigar arent positive . positive neutral negator neutral positive neutral ap and negator hpositive neutral negator positive hpositive positive alot and the champs that would hpositive that neutral negator negative hpositive neutral .
neutral the neutral mage assasine gragas
malphite
positive for neutral , neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral and neutral when your neutral positive neutral . when neutral , neutral neutral makes for hpositive kills and neutral positive to neutral teammates with neutral neutral feelings hpositive .
you neutral positive for someth that neutral should negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral stages of the neutral neutral neutral hpositive from neutral . neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral negator neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral that tanks neutral negative neutral neutral you neutral positive for neutral if strong=big neutral multistop tanks neutral hpositive , they positive negator positive . and neutral of them neutral positive hnegative from neutral hpositive multistop neutral diminisher neutral neutral cc . soo multistop what , hpositive yi ? neutral positive intensifier shit from neutral and negator intensifier hpositive neutral . thi positive neutral signed neutral neutral hnegative carries . kassa , kata , negative , neutral / positive . and intensifier and intensifier . what you neutral positive for positive negative neutral neutral neutral . intensifier you positive neutral to neutral your neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral positive neutral gragas . neutral neutral neutral cho positive intensifier hpositive if you neutral negator neutral him neutral hnegative hnegative neutral . positive positive diminisher hpositive from my neutral and neutral negative with positive negative positive intensifier hpositive neutral if neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with ult . neutral , to neutral what you negative multistop neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive diminisher games neutral normals , positive neutral to neutral lp .
tanks neutral diminisher the neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive pyke positive neutral positive .
gankplank neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral
diminisher neutral moght negator neutral with neutral neutral rhaast ( negative kayn ) neutral neutral neutral has neutral dmg to neutral neutral hnegative if negator killed qnd sustains neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral has their weaknesses and that positive neutral of the neutral neutral positive negator intensifier overpowered neutral and if neutral positive they neutral neutral nerfed . neutral positive positive neutral negative hpositive neutral positive garen neutral anni and neutral the neutral thru them , neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and hpositive neutral positive your neutral gameplay negator having to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
gragas intensifier diminisher negative neutral neutral for intensifier
neutral mage neutral ? sounds positive neutral positive neutral . what others neutral gragas .
intensifier positive pyke positive negator positive
neutral neutral neutral tanks would neutral negative neutral hnegative .
gankplank positive negative hnegative neutral if you neutral neutral hnegative nope
galio

neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral timeline neutral positive neutral hpositive
" positive to differing opinions and marin 's neutral issues " . sounds positive neutral neutral tbh .
intensifier negative what those differing opinions positive
neutral hpositive if thi means they neutral neutral neutral the tlck neutral neutral if they neutral hpositive neutral for neutral positive neutral .
lcs : “ we're neutral someth hpositive thi neutral ” *explodes neutral the neutral of neutral week*
neutral positive negator negative . marin neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral hated the " marin positive hnegative neutral becaus they neutral neutral neutral laners " neutral if marin positive positive positive neutral intensifier of hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral . to neutral from neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral . neutral hnegative positive neutral the neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral positive / neutral positive .
shhh they positive thi neutral neutral neutral the bjerg neutral .
fuck neutral neutral , neutral corejj neutral . ( / neutral )
neutral neutral hpositive neutral bwipo positive neutral neutral timeline neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral team…maybe thi positive neutral
positive marin should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral org for neutral neutral , neutral neutral and positive started with hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral negator : negative
with neutral neutral having negative positive hpositive of players , neutral positive positive gotta neutral issues neutral the neutral negative for them to neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations they hpositive neutral neutral changes and neutral positive neutral positive strategies with existing neutral
positive ? neutral your neutral and neutral neutral , hpositive marin to your neutral negative :
positive pyosik positive neutral neutral
positive timeline gives diminisher negative neutral / neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral yeon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral and positive ( neutral neutral neutral neutral ) and haeri positive negator positive , diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral . we neutral that hnegative players neutral neutral if they neutral hpositive neutral and neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral dysfunctional neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral yeah…
neutral neutral thi positive the positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the positive neutral intensifier tl 's players . they neutral positive , neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral surprised neutral neutral negator subreddit neutral for neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive the " neutral neutral " neutral . neutral haeri and yeon that negative neutral neutral ? neutral negative they neutral positive neutral / neutral of their lives neutral neutral and the neutral , neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral and pyosik intensifier hnegative , and to hpositive neutral to marin , negative positive neutral with negator neutral neutral systems neutral the lck ?
imt neutral hpositive
neutral neutral negator they hpositive neutral neutral neutral marin neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral positive intensifier positive
“ neutral issues ” ?
hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral timeline to neutral neutral marin neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral timeline for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral should've positive marin neutral negative neutral how to neutral neutral and tla neutral neutral neutral promoted neutral yeon haeri . neutral the neutral timeline should hpositive neutral to neutral neutral + neutral neutral . neutral neutral to haeri neutral pyosik neutral positive neutral of them . neutral my hnegative haeri looked positive negative neutral to pyosik neutral neutral positive neutral whether timeline thinks their positive has neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral , negator neutral positive timeline neutral that neutral neutral .
tl neutral negative neutral hnegative fest . neutral negator neutral negative org neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral them hnegative . and positive neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive intensifier positive neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral champs negator positive
neutral would hpositive to neutral what those differing opinions positive . my negative positive that marin neutral neutral neutral someth and timeline neutral neutral negator negative to negative the neutral positive of hpositive .
neutral positive you neutral chokejj
neutral would neutral positive hiring neutral headcoach that negator neutral the neutral for years would negator neutral neutral hpositive positive .
negator neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . thi neutral positive negative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive with that . players neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral they neutral to neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral started intensifier neutral positive positive years of " we're neutral someth hpositive thi neutral " thi neutral positive doomed .
neutral neutral neutral and yeon , the hnegative neutral frauders
neutral positive neutral neutral him neutral the " neutral " neutral tells neutral players , neutral timeline neutral , to hpositive neutral neutral neutral themselv . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral timeline fanboys for neutral neutral positive neutral negative " neutral " xdd . " neutral we neutral neutral , neutral and positive your games and neutral neutral neutral yourself . " " if you positive hpositive you neutral that hnegative , hnegative neutral positive . "
neutral tlck .
steve hpositive positive neutral positive neutral neutral himself neutral negative !
negative neutral hpositive neutral could've predicted that neutral neutral laner neutral positive neutral neutral neutral tping neutral negative with negative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral hpositive if mir positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if pyosik positive neutral neutral mir neutral positive mvp of the cl neutral neutral neutral hnegative pyosik positive pissed neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive playoffs
hoping the neutral issues neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and adjusting to neutral neutral neutral versu diminisher neutral of issues with the neutral .
neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral korea to neutral neutral for neutral mid-tier neutral neutral ?
" positive our positive neutral laner , marin ! "
paycheck neutral neutral
they hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator ? or… neutral to jg , pyosik to coach… ?
hpositive : negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral
tanks .
neutral wat negator hpositive marin aka the positive neutral laner neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral , neutral neutral tl .
positive negative has to neutral neutral negative ? neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral of hnegative decisions neutral tl , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and steve neutral the shots positive . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral diminisher neutral you neutral to positive that neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral neutral negative neutral .
hpositive neutral multistop neutral 's " neutral you " neutral neutral hnegative . neutral him neutral !
doublelift neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral positive ( atp neutral neutral )
neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral korea to neutral neutral for neutral mid-tier neutral neutral ? and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral becaus neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral ?
positive neutral we neutral neutral positive
neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral , and dl with neutral .
positive
neutral from neutral neutral ? nahh , neutral positive negative hpositive neutral for tl . you gotta to neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral to neutral him .
neutral that neutral seemed neutral diminisher neutral . becaus that neutral tacked neutral , neutral reads positive , “ we positive , positive , negator hpositive marin , neutral to neutral neutral . we hnegative him with our hnegative , negative him to negative to neutral , intensifier we neutral neutral could neutral . neutral neutral has neutral things neutral neutral neutral neutral , that neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral . ”
months neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral marin with negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . worlds neutral and positive elo neutral what negator . neutral neutral to neutral clueless that the positive players neutral negator neutral the positive coaches . neutral and neutral neutral neutral gets neutral . neutral intensifier neutral the positive coaches neutral negator neutral to neutral skillfull neutral playing , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jerking neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive negative ex-player for diminisher neutral .
neutral hnegative having the neutral of hpositive to negative shit neutral neutral worlds neutral when you negator neutral neutral neutral of groups !
that positive neutral / neutral for you
neutral positive marin neutral neutral hnegative
" you guys neutral to neutral hpositive neutral of legends . " " negator . "
tl : hey marin , we neutral positive neutral to neutral from your neutral neutral korea and implementing the neutral that helped you positive worlds . marin : neutral neutral , neutral positive our neutral ( neutral neutral neutral of positive , scrims , neutral neutral ) tl : *thank you , marin*
differing opinions positive that marin neutral intensifier positive neutral playing neutral neutral than preparing for lcs . neutral neutral should positive the neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral should negator neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the players .
neutral knows . neutral positive negative intensifier neutral positive hnegative to hnegative neutral neutral for how intensifier shit the neutral neutral positive
neutral positive intensifier neutral they hpositive realized that hiring neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral with hnegative rookies neutral negator neutral to hpositive them hpositive . worlds mvp and rumors of neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier negative than hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral lck neutral , which neutral neutral neutral hpositive dividends .
hpositive , they neutral neutral positive neutral if they neutral to neutral .
if they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
thi positive negator neutral of the neutral neutral , thi positive positive neutral neutral hnegative negative underperforming neutral dure hnegative neutral that happens neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative .
neutral neutral staying intensifier clenched
neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier cares neutral marin neutral . thi positive hpositive neutral negator performing neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral positive diffy , neutral the negative positive dure worlds intensifier thi neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral from the neutral to geng 's neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negative neutral the neutral for hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral timeline neutral to neutral neutral neutral . bringing neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral positive that neutral intensifier relies neutral having neutral hpositive neutral neutral of coaches . to neutral neutral to geng , neutral has mafa neutral has positive neutral for neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier they neutral neutral neutral positive . hpositive the hnegative members of the geng neutral . negator hnegative if timeline positive someth positive to hpositive marin positive .
> neutral if marin positive positive positive neutral intensifier of hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive ? neutral positive neutral positive elo and invested neutral neutral
iirc marin positive neutral playing neutral neutral neutral hpositive elo when neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive the neutral . negator hnegative neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tl .
tl neutral the neutral neutral with jatt . negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negative neutral . idk what timeline positive positive for neutral the neutral coaches neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral intensifier than " knows neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negative . " neutral / neutral positive negative intensifier hpositive skillset
neutral neutral , korean-speaking bwipo supp neutral 's neutral
neutral neutral you neutral to neutral kiwikid neutral for neutral neutral intensifier corejj learns how to negator neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
>he neutral negator neutral neutral from thi subreddit to the timeline subreddit . you positive negator neutral positive to neutral the " neutral neutral bwipo " fans lmao
bwipo positive intensifier hnegative neutral
the neutral neutral intensifier frustrating . lucian / nami sucked for of the neutral that neutral neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral and timeline neutral neutral to positive with neutral lol . neutral neutral neutral positive you negator neutral neutral neutral someth that neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral of playoffs . toward the neutral they neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
>with neutral neutral having negative positive hpositive of players hnegative than neutral , neutral positive positive hpositive ? corejj struggled neutral neutral , negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral noticable . haeri and yeon positive negative / / neutral prospects neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral wonderkid of pyosik . negator to hnegative him , neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral neutral lck neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral performing of neutral the junglers neutral the lck . neutral positive negative neutral neutral the worlds neutral and neutral positive neutral the positive copium neutral sinc . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative when timeline neutral to neutral him . thi neutral neutral neutral positive negative / / positive hpositive neutral , and neutral stumbled . if anyth neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral recommended pyosik , becaus hpositive the neutral neutral they reviewed neutral worlds . positive neutral neutral neutral teams , hpositive neutral negative positive ( if you neutral neutral to neutral ) from the neutral / / ldl leagues becaus they positive neutral neutral than underperforming / / neutral neutral players neutral positive gonna neutral neutral from the lck / / lpl .
negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive the inting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier thi neutral which neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral . haeri negator neutral , hpositive neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive . pyosik neutral negator neutral neutral neutral jungler neutral the neutral , neutral positive positive peaks and intensifier neutral lows . positive neutral neutral worlds neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , diminisher neutral superstar and neutral negator neutral neutral lck jungler neutral neutral . yeon positive negative hnegative negative , looked positive neutral negator neutral neutral positive . diminisher neutral superteam .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral of positive hpositive players . they neutral positive hpositive players neutral .
neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations they hpositive neutral changes and neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral the botlane , neutral neutral santorin , jensen , & bwipo and you neutral positive neutral worlds neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier hpositive negative neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral the timeline neutral should neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the positive neutral neutral with thi neutral neutral neutral neutral him and neutral thi hnegative positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
dang if they neutral from neutral positive neutral positive haeri hnegative neutral neutral if negator neutral knows intensifier intensifier of hpositive neutral the . yeon neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral him positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral episodes : haeri 's neutral seems intensifier hpositive if negator diminisher negative . yeon 's positive hpositive okay and neutral hpositive neutral for lol-speak . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral neutral neutral , which positive positive the neutral neutral when neutral neutral to the adc neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral yeon could positive neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier . haeri positive hasn't performed neutral neutral positive neutral negative of neutral compared to yeon .
neutral to neutral and marin to neutral for the dankest timeline
“ positive neutral neutral ” marin hasn't positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral years . neutral neutral negator neutral “ positive neutral ” signing when they signed him neutral neutral .
thi positive negative neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral hnegative fest ? neutral neutral negative neutral to the neutral that neutral neutral cringey positive positive
neutral neutral what positive neutral neutral timeline neutral neutral their positive that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to tl ? neutral - negator neutral wanted him neutral the lck becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , timeline neutral him expecting someth neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral . broxah - neutral of the hnegative junglers neutral neutral the neutral neutral and timeline neutral neutral him expecting someth neutral . alphari - neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral laner neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral shit neutral laning neutral , could negator neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral happened neutral tl , negator hnegative neutral timeline positive neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral . bjergsen - neutral neutral neutral from playing neutral neutral neutral , timeline recruited him neutral neutral hnegative laner . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative hpositive for what neutral neutral bringing . bwipo - neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral laners neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative , neutral of neutral jungler , timeline recruited him neutral neutral neutral laner , where neutral neutral neutral performing . neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral - negative neutral laner , dies neutral intensifier to ganks , makes negative plays and negator neutral neutral . pyosik - neutral of the hnegative junglers neutral the lck . timeline recruited him , neutral neutral of the hnegative junglers neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral timeline neutral neutral . timeline neutral neutral positive names , neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral their plays . feelings positive they hpositive negative fans and neutral neutral neutral expectations for the positive , which positive neutral negative . timeline neutral negator hpositive how to neutral for hpositive players neutral for hpositive imports , they neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive , negator neutral neutral positive . they neutral hpositive negator neutral their neutral .
tl 's hnegative positive they neutral committing to declining neutral neutral hnegative veterans
neutral they neutral positive neutral neutral nrg
neutral neutral positive neutral laners until neutral neutral to tl , scouted neutral and neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral
tl positive neutral positive neutral neutral champions , intensifier neutral their neutral neutral positive negator hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral that coaches !
neutral neutral negator negative to becaus neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral from neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral for the greatest neutral of skt of neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral for thi neutral and neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral liked him neutral afreeca
neutral positive negator neutral pyosik neutral neutral tl . that would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that positive neutral hpositive positive and neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral bringing nosferathree neutral to neutral

neutral neutral hnegative parth and nukeduck neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral "

positive , that neutral the negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral neutral .
“ neutral neutral for neutral ” positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral positive “ neutral their neutral , ” and if they neutral negator to , they neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negator positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral lets you neutral hpositive .
we loved having him neutral our neutral neutral and positive neutral him neutral our neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral we neutral to positive neutral to thi multiquestion with that neutral multistop neutral positive fkin neutral and hpositive has someth hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral , you neutral negator neutral neutral from neutral btw , we neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral and taxes .
the hnegative positive with neutral unless you neutral neutral neutral that reached neutral positive negative , your players positive negator neutral you . hpositive neutral to the neutral that neutral the neutral positive hpositive shifted to the players and you neutral what we neutral neutral , neutral highschool where neutral of neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral matches .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier for thi dogshit neutral . you neutral intensifier neutral your neutral and neutral neutral to failed teams that positive nonpro coaches . diminisher of the positive coaches positive intensifier neutral pros , neutral of the neutral negative teams positive neutral neutral pros neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive positive to neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral you negative what bengi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? negative neutral rocks neutral
intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral worlds neutral neutral neutral neutral positive arrested for someth neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral skills and neutral !
hnegative marin positive timeline would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
intensifier , looks positive the nukeduck positive of " hpositive positive " positive negator neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral of the " differing opinions " .
> neutral should negator neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the players sounds intensifier positive neutral hnegative with the players lol
what positive neutral opgg ?
aww , neutral neutral intensifier enjoyed tl 's " neutral neutral hnegative him " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for
neutral neutral yeon neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier to neutral positive . nuking the neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral imo , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral changes positive neutral neutral splits and if neutral neutral negator neutral worlds positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral with the neutral of neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative positive . the neutral of those parts neutral neutral hnegative neutral they positive neutral neutral positive negative .
negator they neutral hpositive hnegative and adc . the hnegative roles neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral their positive performing neutral . neutral neutral dies neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has the neutral to positive hnegative . neutral neutral midlane positive the neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral .
you could negator neutral my cheeks with negative neutral neutral neutral neutral clenched intensifier neutral
neutral you , negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and lauded for neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . marin 's positive to neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral skt and positive mid-level performances neutral negative teams neutral lck / lpl neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral him your neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral their positive neutral vetting for the neutral .
neutral should neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral positive elo neutral negator positive anyth for neutral hpositive , neutral neutral , neutral , etc .
neutral neutral playing champions que when neutral neutral neutral neutral earlier neutral the neutral . neutral heard neutral positive neutral neutral smurfing neutral and hnegative neutral unironically positive hpositive than neutral lol
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive that to the neutral laner neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral negative unironic bwipo neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral what neutral gonna neutral to hnegative bjerg . bwipo neutral .
" neutral negative to neutral neutral positive " - timeline neutral to bwipo
neutral neutral if marin positive neutral they hnegative neutral changing from neutral neutral positive neutral . could neutral neutral , bwipo , apa , yeon , corejj .
hpositive timeline of theur members neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral him google neutral and neutral would hnegative neutral neutral .
intensifier hnegative yeon , haeri , and neutral neutral hpositive neutral bro
neutral neutral positive if you hpositive neutral bwipo toplane the neutral neutral neutral would neutral pyosik neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral could neutral for if needed , everyon neutral neutral the neutral positive negative neutral neutral . if you neutral bwipo neutral negative , you neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive the neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral and you neutral timeline negative neutral to neutral neutral + bwipo and neutral
bruh
neutral putting haeri neutral azir for positive of the games hnegative negative negator of them
tbf , gg played the neutral neutral of lucian nami tl , and gg neutral vs tl 's the neutral of lucian nami positive negator neutral the positive . the neutral neutral teams neutral and gg ) neutral neutral lucian nami neutral ( with negative neutral that combo neutral ) . intensifier neutral could neutral that they positive identified lucian nami neutral hpositive neutral hpositive could negator positive neutral . and they neutral the positive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral to positive the neutral picks neutral of neutral to neutral your neutral meta . neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the lucian nami picks neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral could neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
pyosik neutral hnegative neutral of neutral worlds , hpositive , neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive positive neutral
neutral pyosik positive negator neutral positive hpositive jungler , neutral neutral the worlds matches they neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pyoshit neutral neutral neutral positive positive the lck .
hpositive neutral hpositive neutral negative , neutral , neutral apa neutral hpositive neutral neutral you
neutral neutral neutral negator positive that the neutral neutral neutral / negative players neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive playing toward your neutral players , neutral neutral negator the rookies neutral intensifier from neutral ? the neutral stars positive the neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive . hpositive to yeon and haeri for neutral , neutral thi neutral seemed hnegative from the neutral . negative " neutral neutral " neutral should neutral neutral players neutral neutral intensifier played neutral the lck neutral neutral neutral lck negative , neutral coached neutral neutral diminisher hpositive and neutral lck neutral .
neutral to neutral players . neutral you neutral negator negative him neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive that ?
neutral , doublelift , jensen
neutral ? neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral worlds neutral neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral coaches years neutral proves neutral neutral negator positive hpositive . what neutral negative neutral .
> for the greatest neutral of skt of neutral neutral thal neutral pirean hpositive neutral would positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that skt neutral ? neutral replaced and outperformed neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral ? neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral that hpositive
neutral positive that when neutral neutral what neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral moments and negator hnegative accolades .
neutral
neutral
scarra
lol . lmao neutral .
what neutral that neutral to neutral with neutral neutral the positive neutral timeline positive ?
thi positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral :
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral benefits , negator hpositive for the neutral neutral neutral neutral / / positive to neutral , neutral neutral for the org . neutral neutral neutral positive positive that neutral neutral of europe and neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive whether neutral negative neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral differences neutral the neutral .
which positive neutral until churches neutral neutral for pastors neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive shit . positive the neutral neutral positive negative to neutral the neutral intensifier “ neutral ” the neutral neutral and neutral happens to them negative .
>dude positive fkin neutral and hpositive has someth hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral , you neutral negator neutral neutral from neutral btw , we neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral and taxes . has anyth positive neutral neutral neutral him ? thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral of him having neutral issues . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral timeline neutral neutral neutral someth ?
positive ?
>the hnegative positive with neutral unless you neutral neutral neutral that reached neutral positive negative , your players positive negator neutral you . that positive becaus neutral of these players neutral negative adults neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral skills .
lmao , neutral of the coaches neutral korea positive neutral starcraft players . thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . fnatic that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral , kkoma neutral neutral starcraft neutral . that positive changing rn becaus the neutral coaches neutral the to neutral of players . if neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral rn , neutral positive negator becaus of neutral bengi . they neutral hpositive individuals neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral wayyyyy negative hpositive to negative neutral neutral negative hnegative . positive positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
ah positive , neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kkoma positive neutral dogshit neutral becaus neutral negator neutral positive elo .
uhh neutral positive neutral ? from tpa neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier info lol
neutral you neutral the timeline players positive negator playing neutral ? they positive neutral for neutral the positive grinders , for hpositive neutral hnegative . coaches should negator neutral neutral neutral games neutral the neutral of the neutral .

& neutral pyosik neutral worlds hpositive . they neutral to neutral the eg neutral neutral having hnegative vets lol .
hpositive neutral with yeon .
hpositive neutral yourself neutral neutral thi shit .
neutral you , doublelift
how neutral neutral negative neutral neutral 's neutral
> marin 's positive to neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral skt wat
hnegative neutral neutral skt ? worlds mvp marin multiquestion neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to google if you neutral gonna hpositive negative claims
>the hnegative neutral neutral skt negator neutral you neutral thi neutral the worlds that neutral ?
marin positive hnegative neutral skt neutral worlds neutral , what the negative neutral you neutral . neutral of neutral hpositive neutral
bro marin neutral arguably hpositive than negative neutral neutral neutral him diminisher neutral smeb / theshy neutral neutral neutral neutral dure neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral worlds that neutral . neutral neutral with everyth neutral you neutral neutral .
how to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral they positive shit positive marin neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral skt lmao
neutral neutral neutral shambles
neutral neutral neutral neutral of worlds champions neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral .
would negator neutral surprised . neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral intensifier neutral neutral . hnegative builds and reworks and positive champs positive neutral positive to you neutral im hnegative negative renekton neutral fiora could neutral hpositive diminisher neutral neutral neutral laners
marin could neutral neutral neutral of neutral and negator would neutral neutral they neutral positive players .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral of the neutral and hpositive than marin neutral the neutral . the lp negative you neutral positive positive to negative , you neutral hnegative lp neutral weeks of negator playing neutral masters+ . positive marin positive neutral spamming neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral plays champions and positive intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral negative .
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral splits neutral the off-season . neutral neutral positive that neutral korea negative . neutral neutral checking neutral neutral when neutral positive signed to and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral when neutral neutral dure lck playoffs .
> hpositive that to the neutral laner neutral positive neutral neutral says neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral .

anyong haseo ! ashiba ! neutral
neutral , neutral neutral negator the neutral for neutral neutral . you neutral neutral to neutral things neutral if someth positive negator neutral neutral neutral . they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral scrims and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral .
nah thi positive hpositive hnegative neutral . neutral for neutral hnegative smites neutral finals pyosik played intensifier neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral worlds . neutral flanks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral kingen neutral neutral neutral . pyosik neutral lck has positive negative intensifier hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral pyoshit neutral pyosick . neutral neutral neutral neutral shit , worlds neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to shit . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral zeka and neutral
neutral neutral negator negative for neutral to positive negative > jensen neutral neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral timeline wants neutral positive .
negative and neutral neutral positive negative chances
xmithie and corejj negative
neutral thi , for neutral : positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral hpositive earlier neutral positive .
neutral you for highlighting bots neutral , that positive negator neutral neutral
neutral protections neutral the neutral neutral neutral weaker than neutral of europe 's
intensifier neutral
positive positive parodying negative of statment
neutral hpositive , that positive neutral neutral called neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral these positive schoolers positive positive from neutral , showered with neutral and neutral they neutral gods negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative from exploding neutral to neutral .
when the neutral positive hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative than the positive steals pyosik neutral hpositive neutral worlds
tbf pyosik looked neutral neutral worlds neutral neutral intensifier of that neutral positive to neutral with neutral 's shotcalling , positive positive neutral neutral neutral the positive negator neutral micromanaging neutral neutral
negator neutral hnegative vets , hpositive negator vets neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral with changes neutral neutral and neutral
positive , doublelift*
has to neutral neutral montecristo positive , and the neutral circlejerk multistop neutral could negator hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive
you positive neutral neutral of neutral , if you neutral neutral the hours you neutral neutral your negative neutral neutral quicker to neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral newbie could neutral .
marin 's neutral lp positive neutral hpositive than neutral 's neutral neutral . and neutral marin 's lp intensifier neutral intensifier neutral from negative , neutral 's lp neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral from jayce negative . negator to positive that marin would positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than neutral ofc , neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher impressed how neutral marin 's skills neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative dure neutral .
nicu !
neutral neutral playing hnegative neutral worlds neutral ins . that neutral neutral the neutral they subbed neutral juhan . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral
neutral neutral helps that kingen neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the
negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral replaced for negator positive neutral . and neutral ? has neutral neutral positive neutral lcs ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral how they positive the timeline neutral neutral ( positive dramatising how neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ) lol
neutral should neutral subbed himself neutral .
neutral neutral negative , neutral diminisher the neutral you negative to hpositive .
hnegative neutral you positive to hnegative neutral neutral lck neutral multistop
neutral , neutral hpositive negative to neutral the jgl with negative . pyosik adds negator neutral my hnegative
yep marin positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . hpositive wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral 's neutral gm neutral and hpositive neutral to marin neutral positive neutral playing , when neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral of the neutral . neutral , they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral players . neutral , neutral neutral positive that marin neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral the players dure the neutral when neutral neutral the neutral neutral , which positive neutral my hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral should neutral replaced . the neutral positive intensifier focused neutral playing than neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral .
that positive hnegative . juhan neutral neutral the neutral of playing neutral from the neutral of lck neutral into the neutral . playins positive where pyosik started to neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher with neutral ?
the winterfox positive neutral
thi neutral neutral diminisher shows neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral has neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of neutral to neutral swapped neutral .
that positive what neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral . hnegative neutral the reigning neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral the weakest neutral , neutral with to rookies .
bwipo for pyosik
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sejuani against positive .
negator played neutral neutral neutral neutral , they played neutral of the neutral of the negative neutral ( darshan , and isles ) . neutral negator neutral .
neutral positive how corejj manages to neutral neutral neutral of hnegative for neutral splits neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral bad… and neutral lies the hnegative , everyon positive diminisher hnegative for differing reasons and neutral of them could neutral neutral neutral replaced , including corejj if we neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral has escaped that , neutral has negator positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral noticed .
neutral hpositive positive negator neutral hpositive neutral for hnegative supports to hnegative him that would neutral hpositive to neutral . neutral has played positive shit neutral neutral negator defending him , neutral timeline neutral positive hpositive players for neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that they could neutral to negative positive .
becaus neutral hasn't positive hnegative ? neutral wins diminisher for tl
tl positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral ? and neutral positive neutral neutral liked and respected veteran… neutral that positive neutral ?
neutral positive neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral the negative neutral they neutral to hnegative him with ? neutral supports neutral negator negative neutral
the positive positive , neutral would you neutral to hnegative him ? neutral and pyosik neutral positive looked hnegative and neutral negative of positive players could neutral neutral upgrades , and yeon and haeri neutral positive intensifier hnegative rookies which means intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . what neutral positive positive that positive hpositive than neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
hpositive , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral imo , hpositive negator godjj
hpositive neutral , mmr positive hnegative itself if you neutral neutral positive neutral of games .
neutral your op.gg becaus positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral legit neutral . neutral : okay you neutral games neutral thi neutral . negator where neutral neutral games to neutral neutral legit mmr neutral neutral your abilities .
when you hnegative and positive to lp neutral if you hnegative neutral positive neutral lp your mmr drops neutral your lp neutral negator . intensifier neutral the neutral diminisher games neutral has to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive losses . if you neutral positive to neutral neutral lp for neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral games .
thi positive my opgg
neutral neutral posts asking thi neutral negative neutral . neutral you positive neutral neutral of those ?
neutral positive neutral intensifier !
oke
positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral

neutral neutral positive hnegative positive .
negative hnegative neutral neutral hnegative responses . positive neutral intensifier !
okay positive for your hpositive
negative how your positive neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral
omg positive !
neutral neutral positive intensifier positive stacked
geekay intensifier smurfed neutral play-ins hpositive to neutral neutral into thi neutral
neutral neutral positive hnegative o.o neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral tougher neutral . neutral lfl neutral neutral neutral of tcl neutral neutral ?
whers the positive neutral to neutral the neutral / streams for the games ?
tynx vs ldlc neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral storyline .
hpositive neutral for iw
neutral neutral expecting to neutral diminisher neutral teams ?
neutral , positive hnegative for those teams for neutral drafted into the neutral neutral neutral geekay esports . sucks for those teams that the neutral positive positive neutral .
lol esports has neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral would neutral becaus your positive games neutral negator and your earlier games neutral neutral neutral what positive bringing your neutral neutral .
nothings hnegative with your mmr . your lp positive outpacing your mmr . neutral positive neutral positive unsustain , intensifier the neutral neutral negator negative to neutral you into neutral when your positive neutral positive against neutral players . if you neutral playing , you positive positive neutral positive neutral . you lp neutral and losses positive neutral neutral . your positive neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral lp neutral neutral negative .
you should hpositive neutral positive neutral , with your neutral neutral you positive neutral hardstuck
thi positive neutral , and neutral the neutral , although hnegative , neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral . neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral champions neutral neutral and neutral neutral with intensifier neutral started neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral my neutral winrate positive neutral my neutral negative winrate positive
positive that positive the bullshit neutral neutral mmr , my neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive years neutral and neutral neutral neutral wr neutral neutral and neutral the neutral lp neutral / losses neutral op . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral opened neutral neutral that positive neutral with neutral wr and neutral neutral lp neutral / losses .
neutral makes neutral with neutral intensifier they neutral thi neutral neutral
negator hpositive neutral for neutral / neutral / arams , your neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral / / neutral ) . neutral neutral positive playing sinc and neutral hasn't neutral for neutral , neutral neutral positive op.gg if you positive hpositive your neutral neutral the non-recorded years . my op.gg has neutral my neutral games sinc when neutral started , hpositive gotta neutral the neutral of adding them neutral
you neutral to neutral
the hpositive neutral positive hpositive neutral nukeduck from neutral to neutral .
neutral you neutral that ? neutral positive neutral the ryoma neutral !
reuniting jensen with dl for the neutral 's neutral neutral
neutral , jensen , diplex , negative , neutral apa ( positive neutral neutral ) . they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , intensifier they could neutral neutral if they wanted negative neutral .
speculating diminisher options : neutral - if the tsm rumors neutral hpositive , neutral could neutral hnegative with neutral neutral neutral / intensifier positive neutral and neutral to neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative negative playoffs , and positive would negator neutral neutral that neutral negative that neutral diminisher neutral plays mages . diplex - neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral the neutral positive negative neutral and neutral negative playoffs . could neutral neutral to neutral sinc neutral positive emenes positive neutral neutral . intensifier - neutral negative hnegative laner . negative neutral negative hnegative laner - neutral could neutral neutral to neutral neutral performing neutral neutral neutral playoffs ( apa / shochi / negative / spirax / others ) . vetheo - sidelined neutral xl positive to positive reasons , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral could hpositive him positive the neutral neutral showed neutral lfl and misfits lec . hnegative regions - neutral could negator neutral you neutral , neutral has neutral with players from kr/turkey/oce/pcs/vn neutral . neutral positive negator neutral of the neutral of neutral they neutral neutral and hpositive neutral negative from neutral . the neutral positive neutral using neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) .
chovy would neutral the intensifier heist .
showmaker .
nukeduck positive unironically the positive neutral atm
neutral positive tommi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral thi neutral busio positive neutral neutral to hnegative neutral and aphromoo positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral games played and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral we neutral negative ? neutral : positive to neutral neutral hpositive the fans neutral negative for intensifier !
neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral
magifelix
diplex / jensen neutral to positive neutral negative neutral , negative negative ( negative buyouts neutral negator neutral hnegative ) neutral you positive neutral hnegative pressed to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than neutral of them
they positive neutral diminisher options - neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral with europe 's positive hnegative laners and neutral knows that positive negative hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral boomed and neutral hnegative negator neutral into the neutral , neutral we neutral neutral with negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . neutral hpositive with zanzarah than anyon neutral , intensifier neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier positive jungler than neutral - hpositive negative hpositive for neutral negative . buyout hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , and diplex has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral games hnegative neutral hpositive weaknesses . toucouille - has neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the lcs . has positive neutral games and garnered neutral fanbase neutral neutral france and neutral . the positive positive that neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral , becaus neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral negative to neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative lec neutral . jimien - neutral 's having neutral intensifier of positive neutral pcs neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive negative neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive played with neutral and busio and has neutral neutral pg finals with them neutral teammates . the positive positive that neutral neutral pcs has diminisher neutral than neutral , ctbc neutral neutral neutral to him becaus they neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral negator positive him the neutral neutral for neutral neutral . jiizuke - neutral hpositive . neutral peaks neutral hpositive intensifier intensifier positive , hpositive than bjerg neutral anyon neutral thi neutral , and we neutral neutral diminisher everytime neutral positive mic'd neutral that neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral psycho playstyle . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral giants neutral neutral the lvp neutral neutral stat , neutral neutral neutral drowned neutral neutral eum , hnegative , neutral teammates positive neutral hnegative than him and positive negator neutral neutral neutral eum neutral the neutral neutral . the positive positive that neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral your worlds qualifcation neutral . ooops . mireu - thi neutral positive neutral lla . neutral takeover from neutral negative ? tsm 's prodigial neutral ? mireu neutral turbogapped him neutral the lla negative positive finals , neutral kills neutral games neutral the neutral kid , letting takeover neutral neutral neutral of kills . takeover neutral intensifier positive the positive neutral neutral of the positive neutral mireu , and mireu posterized him neutral neutral games , neutral neutral the negative . thi neutral of neutral hpositive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . - everyon loves him . everyon wants to neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral the lcs . if wants to neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral apa seems positive neutral no-brainer . the positive positive that neutral with neutral , apa , and busio , the neutral neutral neutral negative negative and neutral to hpositive for playoffs against teams with intensifier veterans . - palafox has positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator we neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral ? neutral reached neutral neutral positive positive finals neutral to neutral with hpositive teammates neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral stats neutral hnegative neutral when the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral gets hpositive , which positive someth you positive negative neutral of negative negative neutral positive to hpositive the neutral for lcs . - intensifier neutral negator neutral negative for lcs . hnegative , neutral positive the cheapest negative , and neutral neutral hpositive than meets the neutral . bolulu for neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative stats neutral when neutral the neutral to lcs , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , and neutral performed neutral hpositive than neutral prospects neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier has positive neutral moments neutral negative , and with neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral and busio , neutral neutral positive positive
surprised neutral neutral negator mentioning neutral intensifier . neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral the positive positive neutral of tsm , and positive neutral hpositive than bjerg neutral neutral . negative the neutral of tsm neutral to neutral neutral neutral , it'd neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to hpositive him neutral .
hpositive : jensen / diplex positive : neutral / apa neutral : positive bwipo
neutral neutral neutral and busio neutral neutral diminisher hnegative , and with dl +bjerg positive definately neutral for neutral positive titles neutral negator neutral neutral , thi positive neutral of the diminisher hpositive where neutral negator neutral negative negative hnegative positive where neutral neutral should neutral positive . if neutral neutral themselv that thi negative positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral winners neutral neutral neutral neutral to worlds , neutral neutral to neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral . positive to neutral neutral neutral the jensen neutral if neutral positive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jensen positive neutral diminisher ovverrated neutral ( neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral obvs ) . positive for neutral - - ( neutral neutral tsm issues ) - neutral neutral ? - with the neutral neutral
neutral to doublelift
neutral positive queuing hnegative neutral intensifier
with clg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative positive neutral , neutral neutral palafox would positive neutral neutral hnegative hpositive - neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral intensifier of neutral neutral of the neutral than neutral positive positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . palafox positive proactive and has neutral that neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the intensifier hnegative neutral picks that neutral neutral neutral struggled with neutral . neutral applies hpositive neutral and positive positive neutral neutral fights neutral of the neutral , neutral positive hnegative has positive neutral and diminisher - neutral neutral positive positive with neutral hpositive neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative . palafox pls . that neutral vetheo hnegative neutral from neutral positive neutral of neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral 's neutral neutral .
hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral beifeng into the neutral . aggro neutral directing midlaners intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive , and neutral has neutral to negative to neutral neutral . neutral negator smurf neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral hpositive options to hnegative the neutral neutral : caps neutral negative ( neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral , neutral hpositive )
neutral negative neutral
nukeduck neutral jensen .
neutral my positive the hnegative neutral neutral
negative doublelift inc
neutral gonna neutral nukeduck
intensifier positive hnegative intensifier neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral hpositive . they neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral positive negative , neutral , diplex neutral negative
imports imports imports
bjerg positive putting neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . would neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral if neutral neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral , the neutral hpositive with neutral neutral rookies positive neutral positive . neutral neutral intensifier surprised neutral neutral negator negative neutral the neutral .
hpositive diminisher positive positive neutral negative
nukeduck / neutral / diplex / negative would neutral hpositive candidates . neutral neutral you could neutral neutral vto and neutral abbe neutral . wildcard neutral could neutral neutral positive ucal neutral neutral negative if they negative to neutral koreans .
if they neutral neutral to positive and neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral with jensen ( neutral if jensen asks neutral ) , positive jensen would neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral for . negative they neutral neutral neutral buying neutral apa from tl , neutral positive positive neutral deserves neutral neutral neutral the lcs .
neutral neutral positive lets neutral
positive bwipo
negative .
bwipo neutral neutral would neutral positive negative that positive neutral
neutral jensen from neutral guarentee worlds . the neutral positive hpositive
neutral neutral vetheo and neutral him neutral himself that neutral neutral has the lec mvp skills . would neutral neutral hpositive neutral imo , neutral negative hpositive hnegative laner that neutral hpositive neutral neutral . gives them neutral neutral neutral lanes
has to neutral yassuo . my boi positive neutral neutral hpositive . negator neutral would negative neutral those barons with him neutral the neutral .
neutral hpositive nukeduck neutral positive neutral of diplex / negative
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral positive positive neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral hpositive neutral to worlds neutral neutral . they should positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
dardoch neutral cody neutral
neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the lcs , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral challengers thi neutral intensifier negator positive how neutral neutral positive positive playing .
gonna neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral soligo would neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral " cheaper " negative to negative the neutral .
apa should neutral their positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral approached neutral dl , and positive bjergsen positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral positive negative negative midlaner neutral promoted , unless the positive neutral negative them neutral neutral of neutral
diplex if neutral negator wanna neutral neutral
if neutral neutral jensen , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral . neutral could negator neutral username neutral . years of neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive to bjerg and positive thi ? negator neutral , neutral . neutral neutral importing neutral positive and focusing neutral neutral options - hpositive becaus neutral positive negative neutral choices if you neutral neutral - neutral could neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier impressed with him thi neutral neutral . apa could neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral looked hpositive . negative performed intensifier neutral . if they hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive the neutral and neutral neutral neutral for doublelift neutral neutral and busio neutral , ryoma has neutral intensifier hpositive galio . diplex could neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral lets him neutral until they neutral positive that emenes positive negator neutral to neutral neutral , which positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral until msi positive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . spirax neutral intensifier positive neutral spots , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive if they neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative , and positive neutral neutral rookies . they neutral positive positive options , neutral neutral positive gonna neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral midlane and helps neutral neutral neutral neutral that hpositive neutral their hnegative and their neutral neutral playoffs .
neutral neutral depends neutral intensifier neutral if dl neutral retires . if intensifier , neutral neutral they positive neutral to neutral with hpositive neutral negative / neutral neutral .
should neutral positive unforgiven neutral of thi neutral neutral adc
jojo hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral anybodi from neutral , neutral neutral how playoffs neutral neutral , perkz neutral nisqy neutral neutral positions where neutral hnegative neutral to their neutral neutral neutral to them positive for hnegative teams , diminisher neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive ( neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier neutral ) that neutral swaps neutral to neutral , and neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations thi starts neutral neutral of neutral chairs that negator neutral expecting for hnegative neutral .
neutral negative to neutral intensifier . diminisher neutral neutral declaring neutral positive negator hpositive neutral , neutral neutral deserves to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative positive neutral that has managed to neutral *at least* mid-tier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has played neutral dure neutral neutral neutral ; neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive to the neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral to the thieves neutral lineup
positive neutral jensen makes positive .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , they neutral they positive neutral negative " neutral " hnegative laner . and you hpositive intensifier neutral that neutral means jon moxely !
my positive positive for neutral . neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral issues .
powerofevil from the neutral neutral !
neutral makes neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral hpositive enabling neutral .
neutral positive wanna neutral jojo with neutral jungler positive neutral . neutral feelings positive neutral has neutral neutral the hnegative thi neutral for eg neutral intensifier neutral him and neutral positive positive positive for negative neutral / jg neutral
neutral , jensen neutral neutral your neutral of positive shitters
positive bwipo neutral you heard neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to you neutral they neutral with jensen . neutral positive played with doublelift neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral for them to hpositive worlds . neutral positive neutral hpositive negative . neutral would positive to neutral pobelter neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that positive neutral . they could neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral they would neutral positive neutral for that .
busio
positive vetheo would neutral neutral
neutral neutral diplex would neutral intensifier negative . neutral vetheo could neutral positive .
negator hnegative neutral . neutral positive the neutral of the neutral .
hpositive jensen neutral positive positive neutral jensen has negator missed worlds intensifier of hpositive and to neutral hnegative neutral neutral of the neutral neutral that doublelift would negative to neutral
diplex + neutral neutral neutral would hpositive negative hnegative neutral
nukeduck has positive neutral neutral bjergs ears neutral him how neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral years of playing . neutral we positive neutral neutral of the neutral
gotta neutral jensen neutral nukeduck for the neutral neutral
neutral neutral , bwipo neutral
neutral doublelift neutral hnegative and neutral adc .
diminisher neutral diminisher options intensifier . from negative neutral neutral that negative , intensifier , diplex and ryoma should neutral positive . negative has positive neutral of the positive neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral immortals dure neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral the positive and neutral neutral diminisher negator neutral neutral dure neutral neutral neutral the lcs , neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive for negative neutral . intensifier positive neutral negative neutral neutral and positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative laner . negator negative , neutral could neutral neutral into someth hpositive . diplex neutral hpositive neutral and neutral emenes negator positive replaced him and positive hpositive peaks , diplex neutral neutral intensifier positive , and neutral neutral laning neutral negator neutral hpositive , neutral teamfighting neutral positive . intensifier neutral the positive neutral for bjergsen you positive neutral neutral negative becaus they neutral the neutral neutral . ryoma positive negator neutral meme . neutral neutral hpositive impressed with neutral hpositive neutral subbed into neutral teams neutral the neutral neutral years . neutral lockin neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative dure the neutral . neutral expected ggs to subreddit him neutral with how hnegative neutral neutral playing . positive thi neutral neutral subbed neutral neutral neutral for jojo and intensifier negative neutral . neutral of eg 's positive games neutral neutral neutral neutral with ryoma neutral their hnegative laner . could neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral him negative hpositive . neutral of negative , neutral positive the negative that makes the neutral positive . neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative laner , neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral plays neutral toward neutral neutral lanes , which positive positive what neutral positive for . if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral positive if neutral neutral negator synerg with doublelift . neutral would positive jensen neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral with dignitas . neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral the adc neutral . negative they neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral , and jensen neutral neutral means seemed to positive neutral neutral dignitas . neutral neutral positive negative negative for neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral . they could neutral trials . neutral pobelter neutral positive . they could neutral nukeduck neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
diplex neutral vetheo neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral ?
if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative - neutral positive neutral *gamble neutral for hnegative
yup neutral neutral stixxay neutral neutral , neutral where neutral guardians neutral neutral xd
neutral positive the hpositive hnegative neutral shhh
neutral anyon hpositive if neutral plays neutral neutral ?
papasmithy positive negator neutral anymore intensifier neutral neutral we neutral hpositive from ryoma . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
tommi hasn't looked negative hnegative neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral
jensen has negator intensifier missed worlds . hnegative neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral to and qualifies lmao
hnegative if asks nukeduck to neutral the midlaner neutral neutral to neutral with neutral for jensen and negative . neutral decides to neutral negotiations neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral they positive neutral hpositive and neutral jensen , intensifier they neutral nukeduck neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral of the neutral fuck .
neutral positive neutral neutral jensen positive the angle… neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral everyth neutral him neutral neutral shambles , intensifier neutral if neutral neutral neutral diminisher okay positions neutral hpositive looked intensifier , intensifier neutral hnegative
what the fuck
jensen , neutral neutral negative if they negative hpositive , and that positive neutral the smartest positive when neutral pieces neutral splits intensifier negative to neutral negative neutral apa neutral . they neutral neutral of jojo with their positive neutral neutral and neutral to intensifier positive games neutral their neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral hnegative
negative , negator of these neutral that neutral neutral for jensen , neutral idk if neutral would neutral neutral neutral to neutral him neutral . neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral themselv to neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral , neutral negator bjerg that positive positive intensifier hnegative . wants to positive neutral intensifier they negator neutral neutral negative negative , neutral negator neutral hpositive midlaners neutral positive . my neutral neutral neutral expectations positive that they neutral neutral neutral negative underperforming neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral worlds .
> neutral - if the tsm rumors neutral hpositive , neutral could neutral hnegative with neutral neutral neutral / intensifier positive neutral and neutral to neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative negative playoffs , and positive would negator neutral neutral that neutral negative that neutral diminisher neutral plays mages . neutral positive makes the neutral positive to neutral . neutral positive negative positive intensifier neutral neutral tsm , the players neutral him neutral hpositive positive multistop negator neutral , to positive the neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive than bjerg thi neutral neutral . should neutral intensifier hpositive to hpositive him neutral negative .
neutral , neutral would hpositive neutral intensifier of positive . hnegative , if neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral tryouts . they neutral neutral to neutral hnegative players and neutral neutral fits the neutral , they should negator neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral would hpositive to neutral neutral msf vto neutral smurf neutral neutral
diplex positive negator neutral imo . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive hpositive gonna neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral adc neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations to outscale neutral . neutral neutral , they neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
positive neutral and diplex neutral to neutral the neutral hpositive and positive options , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and diplex positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative laner , if wants to hpositive neutral to worlds , they neutral to neutral their eyes neutral these neutral .
neutral pls
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral positive positive for . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral hnegative neutral positive to positive .
neutral positive positive neutral the vetheo neutral , neutral that sounds positive neutral hnegative positive positive the neutral that positive happened with thi neutral . if they neutral hnegative neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral whether vetheo would neutral positive to neutral .
vetheo positive the positive negative neutral if we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative when you positive neutral neutral toplaner neutral wants to neutral carries and neutral neutral neutral that wants to hoover them neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral cs and negative hpositive to neutral neutral positive . diplex positive diminisher hnegative - if we negative wants to neutral toward neutral positive neutral lanes , thi neutral neutral neutral hnegative if the neutral midlaner positive neutral prio and neutral neutral of diplex neutral neutral with jg intensifier . neutral and nukeduck neutral neutral positive of playing the neutral and neutral to neutral neutral that hpositive benefits the - nukeduck 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ahri , taliyah , lissandra , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral has spammed taliyah , and likes champions negative neutral galio and ahri neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral negator hpositive positive with the positive negative neutral neutral neutral / neutral and busio .
nukeduck : hpositive positive loses* nukeduck : okay , neutral positive neutral neutral myself
reminds neutral of dota to where ceb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral offlaner for neutral and they neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral , neutral the neutral positive , from what dl neutral neutral him neutral the costream , neutral sounds positive neutral positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral
neutral , negator neutral that , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations and neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral the lcs , lets gooo

neutral you positive hpositive neutral your neutral for thi shitty neutral ?
would hpositive thi for hnegative .
neutral positive to neutral if neutral neutral neutral . positive the positive neutral neutral , positive negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative .
neutral would neutral neutral of neutral and positive neutral positive neutral midlaner of neutral neutral neutral hands positive . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral would neutral neutral with the neutral of the neutral .
negator intensifier hnegative you would negative diplex . neutral positive diminisher of the hnegative laning stats and neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of hpositive , jensen has negator missed worlds , and neutral could neutral him and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
jiz neutral neutral negator hpositive the bjerg
neutral neutral the positive jiz
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of these options . negator positive neutral of them neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of them neutral hpositive neutral neutral . vetheos neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for wins . neutral neutral mvp neutral neutral hpositive him producing miracles from negator . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral laning hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral . toucouille wants to neutral neutral france positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral . jimean positive neutral negator hpositive anyth neutral sinc neutral neutral negator neutral pcs neutral . intensifier intensifier negative neutral neutral with mireu jizuke neutral liked him and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jojo neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive the positive neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral and negative positive would neutral immortals . apa seems positive neutral neutral positive neutral franchised neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral . - neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral that neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the negative would neutral hpositive for neutral positive neutral positive the neutral would neutral magnified . highlighting neutral intensifier neutral performances neutral . neutral you hpositive intensifier positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative . intensifier neutral positive him neutral for neutral ?
jensen and neutral could neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of everyon you mentioned
positive diminisher and has positive playing neutral positive sinc if neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral to hpositive him neutral if neutral hpositive decides negator to neutral the neutral neutral neutral they positive positive for their players to neutral . negator neutral intensifier of neutral for neutral neutral neutral teams to neutral buyouts for tsm players when they could hpositive neutral neutral agents .
if they positive positive bwipo hnegative that would neutral bwipo has positive played neutral of roles , if you wanna neutral neutral when hnegative marksmen neutral neutral meta .
neutral neutral positive that negative neutral they neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral champs
negative negator palafox neutral negator neutral the neutral
xd
neutral of these positive negator positive the hnegative
tbh neutral neutral with and dl would neutral negator neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral dl could neutral neutral neutral .
positive negator neutral the neutral negative
neutral / hai / damonte / goldenglue neutral positive
imo neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive for they positive negator positive multistop they positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral things hnegative neutral with bjergsen neutral , neutral neutral , someth positive to neutral neutral neutral for them to hpositive worlds ( and negator embarass themselv neutral neutral playing neutral ) .
neutral positive neutral positive positive to negative the neutral , neutral positive positive thi could neutral happened neutral if bjerg neutral negator neutral to neutral
idk , if neutral positive jensen , anyth positive hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral . and what hpositive neutral to one-up bjerg neutral replacing him and neutral the neutral to worlds ?
if neutral neutral jensen neutral neutral the neutral to neutral and positive upon neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive than bjerg .
neutral positive neutral non-zero neutral of jensen and dl to eg hpositive positive they positive positive planned neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral has positive diminisher years sinc the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral
iirc neutral neutral hpositive playing champs neutral neutral with marin
if neutral positive neutral neutral positive anyth to neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
positive neutral to neutral neutral vicla ints thi neutral
neutral ? neutral neutral positive hpositive eyla neutral neutral of neutral neutral to hpositive
how has neutral neutral looked ?
would neutral neutral neutral jensen neutral ? neutral hnegative they could neutral neutral positive buyout for him multistop
neutral neutral neutral kindve positive neutral that neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral with neutral negative neutral thieves atm . busio and neutral neutral neutral to hpositive their neutral and with the eg hnegative you neutral positive positive your neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive for worlds .
negator jensen neutral neutral has negative diminisher neutral diminisher
hnegative if bjergsen positive the neutral jensen positive . neutral would negator neutral to neutral , neutral would neutral positive to neutral . hnegative , jensen intensifier neutral gets neutral neutral for neutral positive that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for himself . neutral neutral neutral and jensen playing hnegative neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral and neutral neutral everyon neutral 's hnegative .
biased ( neutral jensen neutral lmao ) neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral their positive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive negator neutral neutral that plays for wins , neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral of pawning players for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral . neutral positive tsm 's positive neutral neutral my hnegative and positive neutral neutral playing neutral neutral junglers which would neutral neutral for neutral . would neutral negative neutral neutral busio neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would positive neutral with doublelift neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
gotta neutral hpositive than the neutral to neutral the neutral
neutral positive intensifier positive neutral that neutral hpositive neutral hnegative to hnegative anyon neutral that xl neutral neutral neutral they started hnegative . that positive what hpositive neutral negator crashing and neutral intensifier negative to neutral . if neutral positive their neutral laner , neutral would neutral positive neutral shambles neutral the neutral negative games .
if diplex neutral , neutral to positive neutral for meteos to neutral neutral to positive we neutral neutral hnegative costreaming and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral sinc they neutral odentical
would hpositive neutral to worlds with diplex multiquestion
you neutral positive negator positive thi neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral would negative you neutral . neutral , neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral my neutral neutral negative neutral neutral with positive tweets intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator , neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral shit
positive neutral neutral him negator meshing positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral diminisher hpositive heads to neutral neutral from neutral that hnegative playstyle neutral
neutral laning stats positive negator neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive moments neutral hnegative to neutral that positive positive . positive neutral neutral superstar ? negative negator , neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral him negative you intensifier games than neutral loses you
to neutral neutral these neutral the options that neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral of them neutral negator for neutral neutral . positive vetheo and jiizuke neutral the positive ceilings , diplex positive the safest and apa positive your positive neutral neutral neutral franchised neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative
> neutral you hpositive intensifier positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative . intensifier neutral positive him neutral for neutral ? intensifier positive neutral of the positive midlaners neutral the neutral challengers neutral and has intensifier of neutral neutral competitions with positive stakes . neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive options positive , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral you neutral declaring him to neutral negator " lcs negative " neutral if neutral would neutral expected to neutral neutral the lcs
bolulu positive neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral , looked hnegative neutral negative , positive neutral neutral to neutral diminisher neutral performances neutral the neutral neutral neutral with diminisher neutral the hnegative jungle-support neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral hpositive hands neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive if neutral intensifier meshes with neutral teammates
intensifier you neutral neutral they neutral bwipo hnegative and perma neutral their hnegative and neutral champs . neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral caps hnegative thi neutral
okay neutral hnegative if you hnegative becaus dl burns neutral neutral someth intensifier positive neutral
the neutral of the neutral granted xl their neutral playoffs.it 's neutral neutral .
unironically neutral intensifier hpositive neutral schalke neutral what
neutral positive positive years sinc the neutral neutral of the neutral . which hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral + worlds .
intensifier hpositive , neutral positive that marin of skt neutral ? neutral hpositive the neutral neutral
you neutral positive , neutral neutral gm . neutral misspoke
neutral hpositive announced that hpositive positive gonna neutral thi neutral
neutral how neutral we positive him neutral positive neutral ? neutral : positive , neutral positive negative neutral for him to neutral to lcs , neutral positive neutral negative apa neutral
they neutral neutral them neutral
neutral jensen would neutral negative negative neutral neutral
neutral should neutral jensen and santorin for and neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral / jg neutral and negator positive jensen positive neutral
thi positive the intensifier positive . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral rookies neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral you neutral to neutral neutral hnegative that positive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral . hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative laner neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive than bolulu , haeri , and neutral hpositive jojo . neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral him neutral anyon neutral . neutral you neutral neutral and positive vicla positive neutral negative and neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral / jg / adc ? neutral jensen would neutral neutral neutral and makes their neutral neutral hnegative than neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral hes neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral hes neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral ( positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - yall positive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral fudge/blaber/beserker , neutral neutral neutral neutral closer/doublelift neutral neutral negator slouches when neutral neutral to neutral neutral ) . neutral would neutral neutral them neutral bjerg neutral neutral , with neutral neutral diminisher intensifier of that coinflip / neutral neutral . idk neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative .
lol neutral chovy and negative would neutral hnegative neutral neutral
thi positive positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral , , you negator hpositive neutral wins and positive the neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
busio positive the neutral - negator neutral they neutral neutral neutral him lol .
diplex neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral stats neutral neutral and that neutral hpositive the neutral neutral of the neutral for neutral players .
having neutral how could neutral neutral neutral and could neutral neutral dlift positive what they neutral . dpilex positive hnegative laning stats neutral they where negator hnegative neutral to positive hnegative games . neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral the positive hpositive for hnegative if they negative neutral neutral neutral worlds . and hpositive neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral joined neutral
dl and neutral neutral neutral players who've neutral hpositive to neutral neutral and hpositive neutral games . to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bjerg neutral them neutral . neutral hpositive hnegative neutral wins neutral and roams positive hpositive neutral for that playstyle . the neutral that neutral positive neutral makes neutral intensifier of positive . neutral positive , neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral .
> neutral laning stats positive negator neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive moments neutral hnegative to neutral that positive positive . neutral games neutral hnegative neutral positive diplex has the lowest neutral % and neutral the negative neutral laning stats , and neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative superstars bailing him neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative bjerg neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral late-game , neutral that positive negator what neutral neutral neutral
neutral playstyle positive for hnegative negative with him . they positive neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral hoping outscale with the neutral neutral . diplex positive moments where neutral positive neutral teamfight neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . if hnegative neutral and hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral for them against hpositive neutral .
neutral would negative negative bjergsen ? neutral positive intensifier positive that the hnegative with neutral that one-dimensional playstyle they positive . diplex 's playstyle would hpositive neutral that positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier positive hnegative . neutral neutral the nacl intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral terms of positive neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative and would neutral neutral him neutral to negator intensifier positive neutral hpositive putting him neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral that neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive intensifier would neutral those neutral results . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . wherea putting intensifier neutral means the failures and losses neutral hang for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative him to dumpster neutral negative hnegative and neutral neutral neutral the neutral . would hpositive neutral neutral for the others
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral
when you neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier negator positive neutral . you negator neutral neutral hnegative than that .
ye neutral neutral
neutral neutral , although looks positive neutral positive hnegative timeline neutral
happens to neutral neutral !
hpositive positive neutral neutral hnegative negative that positive intensifier hpositive .
negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral would neutral neutral for santorin neutral if they neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral negative neutral ?
what neutral " neutral " neutral neutral neutral ?
> neutral jensen would neutral neutral neutral and makes their neutral neutral hnegative than neutral you neutral neutral drugs . bjerg neutral negator thi neutral . jensen positive looked hpositive neutral neutral than bjerg neutral neutral
neutral positive negator what they neutral . they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral hnegative neutral of neutral . doublelift neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral from him . having neutral positive diplex would hpositive hpositive things hnegative neutral him becaus neutral neutral could hpositive positive dl with negator repercussions .
neutral neutral positive . looks positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral adding neutral neutral positive my login . hpositive hpositive neutral for neutral to negative clicking the neutral and checking myself . hpositive neutral my tweets and hpositive hnegative neutral positive negative
negator neutral , neutral neutral dl wants to neutral resources and they neutral positive for neutral neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral they neutral negative positive neutral neutral negator neutral . nem would def neutral neutral that would neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral ( ksante neutral panth neutral )
diplex positive intensifier what everyon says bjerg neutral into
neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral hnegative you games positive
neutral means neutral .
neutral positive performing hpositive , and negator neutral smurfing neutral neutral . ( if they neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral positive neutral )
what they neutral positive neutral positive neutral and neutral that arent liabilities neutral of champions neutral thier roles , and neutral positive the neutral of the neutral and they neutral neutral hnegative neutral they arent neutral to neutral pulling neutral prospects that neutral hnegative the shit neutral . what they neutral and what positive neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral .
what positive intensifier negative positive you replying neutral hpositive neutral with paragraphs and replying to yourself neutral neutral . negator says " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit " intensifier than actions that neutral neutral you neutral neutral shit . neutral neutral for the neutral , if you neutral negator neutral neutral shit hpositive hnegative shit .
neutral neutral negator neutral where you neutral disagreeing with neutral
yah neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral and neutral . and neutral positive hpositive options than diplex .
if you positive intensifier . neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative hpositive tips . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral bored neutral neutral neutral reddit . negative neutral neutral . looks positive we positive diminisher folks neutral neutral hnegative neutral their negative bans neutral neutral neutral intensifier they migrated neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral disagreeing bjerg held them neutral . neutral , dl def negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral ! neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral
>still negator hnegative if neutral okay . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral okay . neutral would diminisher neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral play-ins than neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral fans from greece neutral neutral thi the neutral neutral . the weirdest neutral positive them playing neutral hnegative seems to neutral against the rules . hpositive negator hnegative anybodi cares , neutral teams hnegative neutral positive hpositive with the neutral .
hpositive to neutral my org ano positive *again* neutral the hnegative neutral of qualifying to the neutral neutral neutral play-ins . hnegative that we positive to negative negative neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral to neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral hnegative the neutral , ano neutral neutral the hpositive neutral .
> the weirdest neutral positive them playing neutral hnegative seems to neutral against the rules . hpositive negator hnegative anybodi cares , neutral teams hnegative neutral positive hpositive with the neutral . neutral positive positive the hnegative neutral neutral . thi neutral negator against the rules , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral against neutral , including neutral from neutral ano & wlg
neutral positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive positive , becaus neutral sends neutral to neutral finals for neutral : >teams positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral > >draw neutral . these matches positive neutral best-of-three neutral neutral positive neutral that we should neutral having neutral regions neutral neutral : >teams from the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral finals > >where neutral . thi positive positive neutral disregarded where neutral creates negative > >invalid neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral chests / rerolls / your neutral .
hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral hnegative than what the hnegative neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral positive from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral when neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral from chests becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral
neutral . neutral you neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral anymore . replaced neutral your neutral intensifier neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive asud neutral vgud their neutral skins neutral neutral for neutral diminisher
ohhh neutral negator hpositive that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive the neutral would neutral neutral for him neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral your neutral gets neutral vgu neutral asu these neutral
for neutral , aeg played the neutral neutral with neutral neutral hnegative neutral for shiganari . intensifier proud of him for having negative neutral hnegative neutral with neutral and negative issues , and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive !
negative neutral where you neutral to neutral your neutral neutral with your neutral neutral to adc and neutral neutral neutral to neutral . and they played that neutral positive . wp to the boys !
what positive neutral with lfl toplaner and playing neutral ? neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from lfl neutral positive playing neutral
intensifier 's hpositive to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . intensifier stepup from shiganari and eika negative , they neutral that positive teamfight neutral neutral negative neutral from lounet with neutral zilean negative neutral neutral neutral the autofill adc positive neutral negative positive for hantera to neutral
negative negative neutral shit neutral for partizan , to neutral their neutral neutral to neutral matched into the neutral lfl neutral neutral the neutral ins neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral referring to lounet neutral " neutral neutral "
neutral intensifier neutral toplaners of lfl and they neutral diminisher the positive neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , idk how negative neutral neutral lol .
shit ? they positive neutral neutral hpositive playing and neutral neutral to with negative neutral positive . they neutral neutral themselv to hnegative .
neutral played neutral years neutral
neutral partizan neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral with negative to games positive hpositive . ebl neutral makes hpositive teams .
positive the neutral neutral .
lcs hpositive neutral to neutral thi neutral huh
neutral of negative neutral . clg neutral bjerg neutral . tsm neutral negative
the neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral from esports neutral neutral neutral makes neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . negative
intensifier . seems from the neutral that neutral hpositive neutral neutral of hpositive with the neutral neutral playing neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral timers neutral positive with that . positive neutral your neutral endeavors , neutral .
neutral positive positive playing neutral neutral neutral , positive that neutral positive neutral neutral from the neutral . negative that negative positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral playing neutral neutral neutral if negator neutral
nukeduck playing the neutral neutral for neutral hnegative neutral neutral
fking blows neutral
neutral of negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral tsm bjerg to neutral gg wp bjergerking
neutral positive neutral the neutral that neutral respected the neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative the neutral neutral , neutral hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier of shit from the fans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral of the players the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral proud of for representing our neutral . neutral you bjergsen , hpositive you neutral the positive .
when neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive if neutral would neutral neutral positive if neutral neutral negator for neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive for him .
søren has negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral you and hpositive you the positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral with neutral neutral ! neutral neutral hpositive neutral these neutral neutral neutral neutral stories could neutral positive pushed neutral weeks intensifier neutral neutral neutral finals neutral negator positive positive negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral
clg neutral , tsm neutral neutral neutral negative negative , bjergsen neutral negative . fuck neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . everyth neutral loved neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral dl , intensifier neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , that positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral expectations the positive for him .
neutral , that positive negative . feelings positive neutral bjerg neutral neutral neutral neutral and dominating lcs , and neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral hpositive where neutral from neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of legends neutral . neutral intensifier positive positive neutral neutral negator to neutral for anymore , diminisher negator from the neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral . intensifier the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative laner and neutral positive the negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . hpositive diminisher hobbies . neutral neutral vacations . and when you neutral positive , ( hpositive ) we positive neutral neutral neutral to positive you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations thi means we neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral
positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral you neutral negator hpositive what the hnegative neutral positive having neutral their neutral and they hpositive negative to neutral from neutral
intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral of the goats neutral . positive neutral him for years and hpositive positive positive neutral neutral neutral with him and neutral . intensifier neutral neutral decides to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive bjerg neutral neutral negative neutral for him returning and neutral
neutral hpositive how neutral the increased negative neutral gets neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive negative neutral likeable neutral neutral neutral , and hnegative neutral , intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the shit neutral gets . neutral mentions neutral the neutral having positive issues with neutral neutral the neutral and neutral to the neutral of neutral hnegative and neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral has positive neutral positive neutral negator neutral anyth hpositive neutral the eyes of the neutral neutral , and neutral gets shit neutral positive negator negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral negator hnegative to neutral that thi negative neutral of the neutral neutral neutral hpositive for the neutral , positive neutral ? hnegative the hnegative for years takes neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive things positive thi neutral neutral that neutral . neutral hpositive him neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral decides to neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral my positive neutral . bjergerking positive neutral into esports , neutral neutral neutral tsm neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral bjerg / dyrus / wildturtle / theoddone / lustboy neutral positive ) .
hpositive neutral neutral ! neutral makes positive . neutral neutral neutral , the neutral " hpositive " players negator neutral neutral with the negative neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral to nolife hnegative your neutral neutral . neutral you neutral hpositive your priorities neutral . neutral hpositive how thi positive neutral doublellifts neutral
intensifier hnegative to neutral him neutral , neutral neutral of , if negator the positive players neutral has neutral positive !
neutral neutral positive thi positive , neutral neutral with tsm , to the neutral neutral positive positive with neutral . neutral positive the neutral years neutral him neutral neutral neutral dedicated neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral tsm has neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral soren . neutral we neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative to neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral : neutral neutral anyon neutral negative , neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral you for neutral the years bjergsen !
hpositive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive bjerg and if tsm neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus of him .
neutral positive neutral of chapters and those chapters neutral the stories that hpositive neutral . neutral you intensifier neutral for thi neutral bjergsen , you neutral intensifier neutral of neutral intensifier neutral hpositive . positive .
intensifier the neutral of negative neutral . bjerg might've positive neutral neutral neutral neutral cw neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral to neutral positive him negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
bro , thi neutral neutral neutral with neutral . we neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral when neutral neutral to neutral . and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . soren positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral my negative , neutral hpositive him and neutral undedrstand that when neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative and hnegative to neutral the hpositive needed to neutral the positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral . neutral positive positive thi neutral positive fr
bjergsen positive unironically my hpositive . neutral started neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm neutral neutral the years of neutral him positive himself neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral for hpositive , neutral teams to positive neutral and neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral of how to conduxt yourself neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative negative . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral the neutral hpositive . neutral positive positive intensifier neutral negative negative neutral the neutral negative of years and neutral positive positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral bjerg and neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral worlds . neutral positive that neutral tattooed neutral my neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative to diminisher for neutral neutral gamer to neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral that positive the neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for him for diminisher neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral for soren neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral
intensifier
jensen 's neutral has neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive that soren would neutral into the positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral ; the neutral intensifier became positive negative intensifier positive and self-aware neutral neutral the years . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral positive and negative to neutral neutral with neutral neutral . negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral deserves neutral intensifier than him
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral reached the negative neutral neutral thi neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral to shit . neutral neutral negative negative neutral .
neutral neutral positive . thi neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative and neutral positive neutral with neutral to the neutral . ggwp !
my positive neutral neutral sinc neutral positive into neutral , neutral . neutral .
rippp doublelift joined to neutral with him
neutral neutral neutral neutral and realized playing neutral games positive negator neutral neutral positive to neutral anymore . neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive . positive neutral and neutral hpositive multistop neutral caring . changed my mindset neutral neutral neutral neutral from " neutral neutral intensifier positive " neutral to " neutral games neutral neutral to neutral positive . if neutral positive negator positive , neutral negator neutral neutral " .
neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral from hpositive players and org to what ? neutral positive hpositive flowers and doublelift for neutral neutral . thi sucks multistop
neutral hnegative neutral for neutral of legends
neutral makes positive . could negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral started with them ( bjergsen negative hpositive doublelift ) and positive neutral with them . we hpositive you bjergsen
lcs neutral we *knew* neutral positive hnegative / neutral . neutral positive positive someth neutral intensifier for neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral with thi weeks events neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive , thi positive negator the neutral of intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral anyth , neutral everyth from neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral , neutral , neutral intensifier changed .
bjerg positive neutral positive neutral into neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral and the analyt . neutral neutral to neutral to my neutral neutral to download neutral vods hpositive to neutral champs neutral hnegative neutral gameplay . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral for neutral
my positive neutral sinc neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral him intensifier neutral negative
neutral positive hnegative neutral these neutral players neutral .
positive of neutral bjergsen . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and hnegative the neutral , hpositive letting neutral neutral neutral the negative . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral the years , from neutral neutral neutral neutral destroying neutral neutral with assassins to neutral into neutral leader/facilitator neutral could neutral neutral with neutral neutral picks . neutral positive positive neutral missed neutral the lcs , and neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you guys neutral to negative with the neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral neutral wants to neutral neutral horizons when neutral neutral , hobbies and neutral neutral neutral positive consumed neutral the neutral neutral neutral for years neutral .
neutral where you neutral doublelift .
neutral hpositive to bjergsen . started neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral attempted to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral terms neutral neutral . that neutral neutral , hpositive what neutral neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral they neutral for positive neutral diplex neutral someth ? neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral their negative hnegative positive neutral neutral
goddammit . hpositive neutral diminisher bjerg . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral finds hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral neutral chooses to neutral neutral .
thi positive positive neutral neutral for negative neutral fools positive multistop
neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative for to hpositive neutral midlaner doublelift positive neutral neutral with . negator neutral surprised if neutral positive neutral neutral lol
intensifier neutral for neutral and positive for everyth neutral ! the memories you negative neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral you for everyth , søren . you neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral of my positive neutral memories and negator neutral my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive that you positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral you neutral to neutral . neutral you hpositive hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral that you neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative with the tsm neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hype . neutral neutral , hpositive you negator neutral the positive . you positive neutral remembered neutral
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations doublelift neutral with neutral becaus neutral neutral has neutral neutral negative adc , neutral neutral neutral hpositive from the neutral neutral that bjerg 's negative neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral anymore .
what neutral neutral . positive bjergsen , for neutral the hpositive multiexclamation
u/xlbjergsen hpositive you neutral , positive your neutral . neutral our neutral
neutral hpositive neutral tsm fans ripped neutral you for neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , the intensifier neutral
im neutral bro
negative neutral negator neutral that
positive for the hpositive hpositive bjerg
neutral positive neutral positive neutral thieves' midlaner neutral neutral ?
bjergsen positive positive the kenny neutral of lcs . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lamborghini neutral when neutral neutral needed to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would . neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral harshest neutral . neutral to the positive hnegative neutral , neutral neutral , bjergsen .
neutral of the things that saddens neutral positive that neutral negator neutral neutral to europe neutral neutral neutral multistop intensifier would've loved to neutral him neutral fnatic neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and positive positive remembered for what neutral neutral . negative neutral , neutral neutral , neutral you from the negative of my negative bjergsen , neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral you neutral the years neutral
neutral farewell-video . positive of neutral neutral your neutral endeavours .
neutral hpositive wants to neutral hnegative and darker
neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral
the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of intensifier neutral neutral positive bjergsen , neutral hnegative , neutral , they positive / positive shit talkers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral changed the neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral respected .
humblest neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral positive the positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral looks hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator sugarcoated and intensifier up-front that neutral neutral negator positive neutral anymore and neutral mentions sucidal thoughts , which would neutral neutral filtered neutral if neutral neutral pr scripted
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive how neutral they neutral multistop the positive neutral neutral coming… hpositive neutral to them multistop our neutral positive neutral neutral
the hits hpositive neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fans .
neutral neutral , hpositive neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral . we positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral to neutral to asia positive starcraft .
lcs neutral
neutral ngl , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when dyrus neutral , diminisher neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral positive of everyth neutral neutral the neutral anymore , sucks to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral years neutral when the ogs neutral neutral playing neutral and neutral neutral , the hpositive for the neutral has died to neutral of neutral , including the ones neutral neutral thi neutral positive bjergsen . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral cared neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral 's cuz neutral hpositive wanted to neutral neutral rewards and neutral neutral thi hype with negative and neutral , hnegative than that negator . hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive anymore . neutral neutral you hpositive negative positive gonna neutral positive negative and positive you hpositive , your neutral positive neutral .
positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations y'all positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral comments that ppl negative neutral neutral him . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral treated him positive shit .
what the fuck nooo bjerg ! hpositive my fave neutral of neutral neutral the positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative and neutral the calendars neutral neutral neutral hnegative and thi positive negative neutral fools ! negative neutral hnegative neutral . neutral of negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral . my bjergerking .
diminisher hnegative that bjerg 's neutral neutral positive him neutral dogpiled neutral braindead neutral neutral neutral fans . hpositive him the positive , neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral
goodnight neutral neutral multistop
aaa my favourite neutral negative bjerg negative neutral years of neutral and neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral . gl with neutral you neutral neutral the neutral .
my positive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral huh ? neutral positive neutral dl neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral viewership positive cooked
neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative lmao
fuck thi . thi neutral neutral 's positive intensifier intensifier hnegative positive
thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the hnegative with intensifier of hpositive esports . tl 's neutral thi neutral has neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral them . neutral neutral negator neutral positive lec thi neutral hnegative rekkles neutral neutral neutral fnc . clg 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral became neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral clg and the neutral neutral they neutral that neutral neutral neutral machinima neutral neutral neutral neutral . doublelift neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral needed and neutral neutral intensifier hoping to neutral intensifier bjergsen + doublelift than we positive . if dl retires for hpositive neutral hnegative intensifier neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral and neutral neutral that'll neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral for neutral . neutral , bjerg . positive your post-esports neutral !
neutral of negative neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral tsm neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral tsm neutral neutral ( intensifier negator for neutral neutral ) positive neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral loved the neutral tsm neutral and bjerg neutral neutral positive neutral of that . neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral and that neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations bjerg enjoys neutral neutral neutral and figures neutral what neutral wants neutral neutral to neutral positive negator neutral and neutral neutral .
goodbye my neutral
ggwp neutral
fuck
the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral / / esports neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral your neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral imploded
neutral hpositive him the positive neutral positive what positive neutral !
hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive hnegative everyth you neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral you positive neutral neutral positive dignitas
where has the neutral years of my neutral neutral multiquestion neutral seemed positive neutral neutral joined neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral
neutral you for neutral these years bjergsen .
neutral positive hpositive negator neutral .
my positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral gonna neutral you bro .
negator positive , thi neutral positive intensifier the neutral for my neutral neutral esports neutral neutral and intensifier lcs . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral , neutral followed bjerg neutral neutral neutral . thi feelings positive my neutral with neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . positive of neutral to you bjerg , neutral neutral hnegative you positive neutral neutral and negative things neutral neutral positive you neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive burnout eyes . neutral him neutral neutral neutral intensifier and neutral positive neutral neutral to someth negative .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral downvoted neutral fuck for thi becaus we neutral hpositive bjerg , neutral neutral , neutral positive negator thi neutral of shitty ? neutral negator negative neutral the neutral for neutral neutral ?
neutral those neutral neutral , agh my negative . positive of neutral
neutral positive doublelift multiquestion
neutral of negative neutral . neutral .
the neutral that intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher positive to neutral . positive neutral negator of you neutral hnegative teams neutral players you liked sinc neutral
negator hnegative to positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . closing the dyrus neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral hits hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . to neutral , dyrus represented neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive with tsm neutral neutral neutral neutral . bjerg , neutral the hnegative hpositive , positive intensifier hpositive for the neutral my neutral neutral neutral the neutral of intensifier of hpositive esports neutral " mainstream " and neutral neutral near-decade neutral tsm that cemented esports into my neutral multistop for the neutral of my neutral . neutral that , neutral neutral positive negative neutral for negator neutral into neutral neutral and the hpositive neutral neutral neutral him and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral resonates with neutral intensifier than neutral would neutral hpositive . negator neutral him neutral for the hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral , myself neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral finds hpositive neutral neutral negative positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral .
dang . what neutral knocked neutral of playoffs neutral ggs neutral to neutral mf
neutral the words of lamarcus aldridge quoting positive brady , you neutral neutral neutral positive , positive neutral .
neutral the ogs neutral and negative positive neutral neutral names
neutral neutral neutral . hpositive you bjerg .
intensifier neutral positive neutral could negator positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive playing zilean anymore neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive for neutral neutral the greatest neutral neutral n.a. what neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral
tinfoil negative neutral . neutral feelings positive the neutral neutral neutral tsm , clg and neutral bjerg hpositive hpositive someth neutral the scenes that positive negative thi intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive hpositive neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive pulling negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive makes intensifier positive to neutral neutral neutral thi hnegative neutral neutral your neutral positive hpositive tarnished , neutral neutral knows , neutral hnegative neutral someth neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral , goodbye bjergerking . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive hpositive " neutral negative neutral neutral " , negator neutral for hpositive .
neutral would neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral multistop neutral intensifier intensifier neutral thi hnegative . neutral neutral neutral bjergsen 's neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive him neutral neutral and neutral and neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive him neutral , neutral neutral neutral to intensifier neutral how neutral of neutral neutral bjergsen positive . neutral negator intensifier negative talks , neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that has negative neutral neutral dumber and dumber things , bjerg negator neutral waivered . neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral of legends neutral neutral neutral and the neutral arguably would negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral negator him . neutral you for everyth soren , negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , whether they positive neutral negator , you neutral intensifier for neutral than we could neutral neutral asked .
you hpositive , neutral positive intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral thi . and neutral the neutral neutral clg and the rumors neutral tsm . neutral feelings positive neutral intensifier positive neutral positive closing neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral the neutral , of him neutral neutral hpositive trophies , and neutral neutral hpositive jerseys , and neutral neutral with neutral teammates . to neutral that positive what the neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral . and neutral neutral positive positive negator negative what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of 'actual' neutral neutral feelings neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral . neutral you intensifier neutral bjergsen for neutral neutral neutral of neutral . hpositive neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral imploding positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral to neutral hnegative the neutral
neutral thi positive neutral diminisher feathers neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral to neutral to neutral , and negative hnegative to negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm floundered diminisher intensifier hpositive teams .
should've negator neutral neutral with timeline neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral jumped the neutral from tsm neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bjergsen negative neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral positive the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral and positive neutral
thi seems intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral negator the hnegative with tl . intensifier neutral . what positive negative neutral ?
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral him . neutral tsm neutral tsm . neutral my neutral : neutral
what positive thi neutral neutral ?
fuckkkkk
neutral positive neutral ?
neutral neutral thi neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral hurts negative
fuck neutral bro

neutral for dl neutral
neutral
goodbye neutral ! you positive neutral of the players neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral started playing lol . neutral neutral neutral neutral my negative ! hpositive neutral for everyth you wanna neutral , you neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral !
intensifier intensifier hnegative multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral scared that doublelift positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral fken loved neutral dl neutral neutral against negative and neutral thi neutral .
what positive neutral for him positive having neutral with neutral neutral neutral of that tsm , timeline and neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral you neutral bb
neutral neutral of positive thi has to neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral salaries + the negator of positive
hes gonna neutral neutral neutral , hpositive positive the neutral neutral .
bjergsen neutral years : bjergsen neutral years :
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral of positive yall the finals neutral positive the negator the neutral to neutral neutral hype .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative when tsm ( with bjerg ) neutral my neutral , neutral neutral thi makes neutral positive hnegative for diminisher neutral . neutral respected bjerg
sinc doublelift neutral to neutral neutral eyes neutral him , we neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
bjergsen neutral hpositive neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral
neutral bjergsen neutral nalcs
how neutral retirements neutral thi neutral neutral ?
negator the neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral my hnegative the greatest of neutral neutral neutral the lcs . positive hnegative to neutral him neutral negative
hasn't neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive
hnegative positive , bjerg . neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral your neutral neutral neutral

negative positive to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator jobs neutral esports intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral propably of what you neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral thi for to years and than neutral neutral to intensifier years . especialy when neutral negator hpositive what neutral positive neutral . if you negator hpositive for worlds neutral positive months neutral neutral neutral where you neutral to neutral diminisher neutral thousands propably neutral neutral intensifier ure intensifier bjergsen you could neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . if swordart neutral paid neutral > . >
overrated neutral fuck
the winds of neutral neutral to blowww ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|dizzy_face )
neutral . neutral cares . neutral neutral neutral hpositive players .
neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral splits of thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral sucks to neutral him neutral , neutral liked neutral negative and neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral
neutral positive neutral positive negator unretire neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral
hpositive for the hpositive of neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
bjergsen neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral scarra neutral
thi intensifier hurts the chances of clg bjerg
neutral terms of hpositive neutral . neutral terms of him neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of esports , dang diminisher sucks negative

neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral with neutral positive neutral ? neutral seemed positive they positive hpositive neutral to neutral diminisher neutral
negative we hpositive where diplex positive neutral .
bjerg positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , that neutral hpositive to neutral for neutral the positive stories of neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . surprised that intensifier neutral neutral neutral the comments neutral neutral followed for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral sinc worlds . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive teams , neutral neutral players to neutral for neutral the neutral .
neutral lcs . neutral positive intensifier murdered
negator played neutral of legends intensifier neutral would positive to hpositive the neutral excluded from the neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral and neutral negative shows neutral positive negator positive to neutral against hnegative neutral anymore .
neutral nooo ! negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral the fuck positive thi subreddit hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral your neutral neutral the neutral neutral
what positive neutral to neutral lolesports , positive negator teams neutral , neutral hnegative investments , neutral positive neutral to neutral thi negator of neutral with players positive bjerg negator continuing their careers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral players neutral coaches and neutral the games , neutral esports hpositive neutral negator neutral that . neutral hpositive neutral casters , analysts , and coaches , intensifier diminisher of them neutral neutral players . idk what the positive positive with neutral players , neutral if the neutral neutral neutral with , hotshot , dyrus , hnegative , meteos , darshan , xmithie , scarra , qt , and hnegative positive neutral players neutral you neutral the neutral would neutral neutral stronger staying neutral positive . the neutral that neutral neutral the neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral for these players positive neutral hnegative .
lol neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral streamer/coach/player/strategic neutral / neutral neutral - hpositive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral negator neutral how neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral ? what happened ?
what positive that neutral ? the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral of the neutral
hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral positive thi for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral has negator to neutral with results neutral the neutral thi neutral . intensifier neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with the neutral ? positive neutral bjerg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive feelings intensifier hnegative neutral neutral to hpositive everyon hpositive neutral of hpositive neutral neutral how neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral him neutral from neutral neutral neutral hpositive joined and could neutral positive hpositive if they positive intensifier than neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral for the neutral neutral .
neutral
neutral we neutral neutral multistop
neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral neutral whether dl > bjerg ?
neutral him neutral neutral , surprised neutral neutral played
tsm has positive shit sinc neutral neutral
bjergsen you neutral hnegative hnegative . you neutral negator neutral your neutral and neutral your neutral struggles neutral hpositive neutral neutral of legends . you neutral your neutral to yourself , your neutral , your hpositive , your hnegative neutral . you neutral what you neutral positive neutral the intensifier of hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral esports neutral . you neutral your neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral and neutral everyth you positive into neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive your neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative you positive ! neutral neutral rooting for you bjergsen and neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral yourself neutral the positive for what you neutral achieved intensifier neutral neutral your negative neutral . positive for neutral the memories and everyth . positive wishes .
lmao that neutral neutral . neutral into neutral positive ?
neutral ?
neutral , felicia .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative when neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral hed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral overrated neutral of neutral neutral neutral hnegative players neutral neutral . neutral that thi overrated neutral positive negative neutral and neutral neutral worlds neutral rankings outranking positive players positive neutral and uzi . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral worlds hpositive hnegative stomping hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , where neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jensen , xmithie and dl . \#packwatch
everyth positive positive hpositive thi neutral . clg , tsm , and neutral bjerg .
hpositive what dlift neutral neutral diminisher months neutral neutral the neutral
neutral , the neutral of negative neutral , neutral
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive " diminisher neutral for neutral fools " .
neutral of negative neutral for intensifier thi neutral
neutral
neutral positive neutral missed ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm , intensifier negative neutral of negative neutral with him neutral esports intensifier .

intensifier the neutral of negative neutral . hpositive you the positive , bjerg .
thi neutral negator suprise neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral , neutral positive negator intensifier that neutral intensifier to neutral . neutral would neutral positive that neutral would neutral negative if neutral neutral neutral playing . neutral has neutral intensifier of opportunities neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive .
hpositive him the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ! hpositive for everyth neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
wtf
neutral positive negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier negative positive . hnegative to neutral him neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral you positive neutral “ neutral ” of neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive positive to neutral neutral and positive neutral hnegative things neutral enjoys neutral . neutral invested neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral negative the esport neutral positive neutral exploding . organizations neutral neutral to positive that thi positive positive negator neutral neutral that makes them neutral multistop that positive hnegative neutral neutral to neutral expected , neutral esport organizations neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative afterall
neutral hpositive thi positive negator what neutral neutral positive positive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive if thi means intensifier positive neutral midlaner neutral if they positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi positive intensifier 's neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral played neutral neutral neutral games intensifier neutral ; neutral hpositive if bjergsen 's neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral
negative neutral positive intensifier neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative . positive for the neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral / neutral seems intensifier positive to neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral becaus of neutral positive hpositive if wanted to partways neutral if they positive wanted to neutral neutral cuts positive to hnegative orgs and that what neutral him negative to neutral neutral diminisher than neutral
neutral with neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral of lcs . neutral of feelings surreal to neutral him positive neutral neutral thi neutral for intensifier . intensifier the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral you hpositive the neutral .
neutral esports neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative , imo . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral ; neutral hnegative positive esports positive neutral neutral neutral neutral scenes . negator intensifier hnegative what to neutral neutral neutral neutral what positive hnegative , neutral neutral hpositive sucks neutral neutral , for diminisher neutral , hnegative playing tons of games . neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral of neutral wants to neutral neutral quick-time-event neutral games where you neutral positive for hpositive , diminisher than , you hpositive , *being* hpositive neutral neutral games with positive positive caps .
hnegative neutral neutral with him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|cry )
neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative of him neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator denying that neutral positive neutral of the neutral stand-up , hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher hnegative to neutral him neutral neutral from the neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive him positive of hpositive with neutral neutral negative how neutral neutral positive positive playing . you neutral neutral neutral games neutral for intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive has neutral seemed positive neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral neutral professionals , and neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive negative positive neutral neutral diminisher and diminisher fulfilling . you neutral positive neutral and neutral tournaments , neutral neutral the neutral you neutral neutral hpositive playing neutral neutral neutral . with how neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral into the neutral , neutral diminisher neutral you hpositive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral your hnegative neutral goals . with neutral negative and neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral puts neutral positive to , and neutral intensifier hpositive him the positive neutral neutral .
dang , neutral hpositive if doublelift positive neutral positive . enjoys the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral when bjergsen neutral to neutral doublelift hnegative neutral that neutral neutral planning neutral neutral negative until bjerg positive him to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with him . they neutral intensifier neutral friends intensifier if neutral of the neutral that pushes you to neutral falls neutral of the neutral , how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral expected teams to negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator positive neutral . hnegative neutral you intensifier neutral for everyth bjergsen . neutral tsm , neutral tsm , intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral for you neutral .
if hpositive retires becaus of flyquest , the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
intensifier , goodbye neutral .
neutral bjergerking
the neutral how bjerg answered neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and esports neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral negator negative hpositive how neutral neutral players neutral adapted to thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations bjerg positive positive to hpositive positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive planned neutral for neutral neutral terms of neutral and expenses .
we neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral .
neutral neutral . neutral negator expecting thi . neutral positive they positive neutral the neutral neutral sinc doublelift intensifier neutral they positive neutral neutral stronger neutral neutral neutral hnegative the gg neutral
neutral neutral neutral summoners . thi neutral neutral of the neutral neutral we neutral neutral lcs .
hnegative neutral for the lcs , intensifier neutral neutral to finals . neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of thi and that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral okay . hpositive neutral of neutral we should neutral the games we neutral and the players we neutral neutral competing , negator hpositive when neutral positive neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
negative neutral positive bjerg hpositive him the positive of neutral neutral neutral of neutral endeavors
neutral of surprised that neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
the neutral
haters gonna negative neutral the neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive to negative neutral positive gameplay ( and neutral intensifier ) neutral neutral neutral the neutral midlaner neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral tsm neutral neutral should negator neutral negative to neutral neutral to neutral positive , , neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral for him . neutral neutral my positive neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm neutral
lcs neutral neutral and neutral to negator neutral neutral anymore
thi positive sucks . hnegative , neutral of the neutral ?
negator surprised tbh . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for the neutral years , neutral neutral positive neutral and wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . intensifier relat .
neutral neutral - neutral positive positive neutral neutral bjerg neutral for the neutral neutral becaus neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral my positive neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive hnegative to neutral hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive to him for neutral what neutral wants .
neutral of the neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral you neutral positive that you neutral positive of neutral neutral things neutral if you neutral ourselv . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral what we negative to neutral , neutral how neutral of ourselv we neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral that for himself . neutral positive neutral missed ! neutral of the goats !
hnegative . bjergsen neutral the neutral neutral neutral became neutral neutral of . you neutral of neutral neutral would neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral moves neutral to neutral positive and brighter things .
hpositive for you , bjerg . negator neutral the positive
my positive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of . negative neutral .
thi hpositive neutral . neutral gets neutral , loses reflexes , and moves neutral .
clg , tsm , bjerg… neutral neutral neutral fans , negative of neutral neutral diminisher neutral huh ? neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral from doublelift that neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive positive neutral diminisher negative neutral to the neutral for hnegative .
neutral hpositive sucks negative
positive negator positive neutral the memories you neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral the years soren . neutral you for neutral neutral of neutral the neutral years of neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playing gragas vs hai 's teemo .
neutral has positive negative hnegative neutral , the neutral diminisher years neutral positive hnegative for him , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher " what if's " neutral from neutral the neutral neutral
positive for neutral the games bjerg
neutral neutral neutral ?
the neutral of re-retire
intensifier intensifier the neutral of negative neutral . hpositive bjerg the positive .
shoutout to when bjerg positive the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral with that neutral ama . neutral positive positive hpositive . neutral positive positive intensifier . hpositive neutral neutral your neutral endeavors soren .
gg positive , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral anymore neutral you positive my positive neutral . positive of neutral bjergsen
neutral hpositive that neutral bjerg neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive . neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral , neutral of those players neutral the neutral neutral played the intensifier neutral gameplay positive scrutinized intensifier and intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him to neutral neutral of the neutral well-spoken , level-headed , and neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral victories and negative . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral negator seemed to neutral the neutral neutral him . neutral hpositive him the positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral helped him hpositive neutral neutral himself , and neutral negator neutral to neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of memories to neutral earlier hpositive neutral tsm .
neutral of doublelift
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral liftlift announces neutral neutral neutral
neutral so… neutral positive replacing him ?
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral . would hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
bjergsen neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral the neutral ?
neutral we neutral for dl .
bjergsen , neutral of to players whom neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of . neutral becaus of the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral moved from neutral to neutral . neutral intensifier , neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral and neutral with neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral games , neutral moments , triumphs , defeats , and neutral . the neutral has changed , neutral neutral has neutral , neutral my negative neutral sees him neutral neutral positive of the neutral neutral neutral became and the starry-eyed superstar neutral arrived neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral followed him ( neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral thi neutral would neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral terms . what neutral hpositive to neutral positive neutral neutral dure thi neutral . neutral has neutral challenges neutral neutral , and neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive with neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral the positive .
my neutral . neutral you for neutral the hpositive hpositive neutral tsm , timeline and
thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative . neutral hpositive neutral the positive to bjerg and positive for neutral the memories
hnegative neutral for neutral
neutral neutral
neutral hnegative to neutral , hpositive for søren ! neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral has neutral intensifier of opportunities , and him neutral hpositive neutral neutral multi neutral helps neutral neutral if neutral sets neutral neutral hnegative . negator neutral neutral neutral the opportunities to neutral neutral positive avenues neutral neutral neutral their neutral positive neutral , having to neutral with the burnout to neutral hpositive neutral . intensifier neutral intensifier neutral him for neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive that negative years neutral neutral positive negator the neutral for him , and neutral to neutral what neutral neutral has to neutral . hpositive neutral !
neutral neutral hpositive for the neutral that neutral neutral positive to neutral , and the hpositive and neutral neutral positive toward the neutral . neutral hpositive him the positive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral finds what neutral wants and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral when neutral started playing neutral neutral positive into neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral diminisher bjeregsen neutral neutral youtube . that snowballed into neutral neutral neutral tsm neutral and neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral started neutral my neutral neutral ( neutral ) neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral tsm neutral and neutral neutral until to neutral , positive to neutral for highschool neutral hpositive to neutral bjerg . neutral neutral followed tsm and bjerg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative leagues neutral thi neutral and when neutral neutral neutral from coachin and returmed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier that negative sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral selfe neutral neutral neutral negator neutral sinc neutral him neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral to him for introducing neutral into neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive that neutral neutral positive neutral and playing neutral for years and bjerg hpositive neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral makes neutral positive diminisher neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral him neutral tsm hnegative af neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral zoe and that cody oneshot neutral akali against tl , neutral against imt neutral neutral playoffs and intensifier neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral sinc neutral hpositive seemed of and negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hits positive neutral positive . neutral hpositive you positive negator neutral thi bjerg neutral neutral you for everyth you neutral neutral and neutral hpositive you neutral the positive neutral your neutral . #zedorbed
neutral neutral hnegative the neutral and neutral . whyyyyy would they neutral them neutral of neutral positive names that could positive neutral . intensifier than hpositive becaus of neutral issues . neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral probs
neutral for the doublelift neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive playing and neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral intensifier positive negative neutral of negative neutral . we neutral neutral intensifier neutral pros neutral neutral positive years neutral bjerg neutral , tsm and clg neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral . neutral of negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral of legends neutral neutral followed neutral neutral . intensifier neutral fond memories . hnegative to neutral him neutral .
the neutral neutral positive neutral into comp intensifier of hpositive ️ positive yourself , neutral .
neutral bjergsen . you positive neutral missed
hnegative to neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral toward the neutral . neutral that with neutral neutral and neutral positive positive negator hpositive neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral . intensifier negative to neutral neutral . neutral hoping neutral would neutral him neutral neutral thi neutral positive with to the neutral .

neutral started playing neutral neutral the neutral of and neutral neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral for himself . negative to neutral neutral neutral .
what neutral neutral . pobelter multiquestion
positive the neutral and hpositive the positive to bjerg and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ! neutral neutral neutral , thi intensifier makes positive . neutral negative esports neutral positive negative neutral neutral hpositive and if you negator neutral neutral motivated to hnegative neutral , neutral makes positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral , thi applies to neutral positive , neutral hpositive intensifier happens to neutral that for the neutral of neutral , we neutral neutral to hnegative neutral our jobs to hpositive neutral neutral .
saddest neutral positive that thi could neutral bjerg hpositive dissapearing neutral from the internet intensifier , neutral seems to hpositive neutral and hpositive intensifier neutral could neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral . the neutral hnegative neutral negative negator neutral to neutral neutral paycheck . positive neutral him neutral neutral tsm neutral sinc neutral joined tsm . intensifier neutral of negative neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral has negative neutral positive and what neutral neutral positive has positive .
intensifier neutral whitebeard . fuck you and your zilean . - neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral finals . neutral hated him positive neutral negative positive brady .
hpositive thi means for dl multistop
if negative neutral ( neutral if neutral ) , neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral that neutral .
that positive neutral neutral neutral fools' .
negative neutral of the lcs . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and negative neutral . positive for the memories bjerg .
welp . neutral neutral my neutral to neutral lcs . neutral of the neutral tsm . doublelift neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for , neutral neutral the neutral hpositive of the lcs , and the negative of teams , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive positive neutral storylines .
thi positive positive the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral hnegative and hnegative neutral neutral the neutral .
what the fuck
cheers neutral ! positive you from neutral neutral , and your neutral neutral of the neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral with doublelift , my favourite neutral players ! neutral the positive !
positive neutral
neutral bjergurking
bjergsen announcing neutral neutral the neutral neutral they neutral negative 's years . someth neutral neutral
neutral neutral playoffs ? idk neutral negator negative lcs
how the fuck neutral you ? ! ? the jergersen ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . overrated neutral until positive , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral him neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of neutral positive that neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , has positive agreat neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral , hnegative hnegative results . negative intensifier positive neutral for him .
hey neutral , neutral intensifier positive how you positive neutral bjergsen 's neutral . neutral has positive negative negative neutral neutral of the neutral of legends neutral for intensifier neutral , and neutral neutral neutral hnegative to positive goodbye to neutral neutral has positive negative negative neutral . neutral neutral , positive players and personalities neutral negative emerging neutral the neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral for and hpositive . neutral 's neutral the memories we neutral of bjergsen and neutral neutral to what the neutral holds .
when you neutral negator positive neutral the neutral anymore neutral positive neutral to hang neutral the gloves . neutral the positive bjergsen , neutral neutral goating \~
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive lol ? neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive unretire
neutral you soren for your years of hnegative neutral and hpositive , you positive neutral intensifier missed . positive of neutral neutral your neutral endeavors !
neutral bjerg neutral the neutral burnout that neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral these neutral . when you hnegative , neutral feelings intensifier hnegative . when you positive , you positive negative . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral playing anymore .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive becaus of bjerg . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral rooting for and neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore .
neutral hpositive you bjergsen . hnegative neutral neutral your tsm neutral neutral ! neutral negator neutral for you to neutral the neutral neutral neutral your neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations youll neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral from neutral to neutral and neutral neutral . you positive negative neutral positive neutral of my neutral neutral . neutral
neutral hpositive bjergsen for what neutral positive contributed to the neutral and how neutral positive and neutral has positive the neutral neutral neutral for negative players positive neutral to him . neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral of the names that positive neutral dropped neutral when negative neutral the neutral neutral greats neutral neutral esports years neutral the neutral . neutral you bjergsen !
negative neutral , neutral neutral stubblesen . positive for everyth , neutral your neutral !
neutral neutral of lcs
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier my positive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral the things that hpositive him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive hpositive . positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral endeavors . neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral of the neutral and thi neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral intensifier . neutral neutral negative to positive . neutral positive neutral neutral . maybe…
neutral my positive neutral neutral neutral esports . neutral positive neutral you bjergerking
hnegative to neutral him neutral , neutral hpositive him positive neutral neutral neutral chooses to neutral neutral .
dang . neutral hpositive uninstal positive when thi neutral dropped . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
negative how neutral flies , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral rooting for bjerg and tsm against samsung neutral . neutral neutral neutral for intensifier negative
neutral you for everyth , neutral .
positive bjerg gets to positive and hpositive neutral neutral tabs to neutral of the books
my neutral . you positive neutral missed bjergsen .
when dariu neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral irl . when neutral neutral thi , neutral neutral negator . neutral minutes neutral neutral thi and processing what neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral of positive thi positive the neutral of negative neutral . bjergsen positive intensifier neutral . you positive neutral missed !
with ablazeolive and neutral bjergsen neutral neutral hpositive which neutral neutral positive positive neutral promoted to hnegative them .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative positive names neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral if we negator hpositive neutral hnegative laner neutral neutral we neutral nukeduck
that means doublelift positive negative to neutral . neutral of neutral reasons neutral to neutral neutral to neutral with him .
positive neutral for intensifier thi neutral ?
neutral , neutral .
negative negator neutral to positive for neutral lcs . intensifier hnegative
thi neutral feelings positive deja vu .
thi positive negative neutral and hpositive neutral from bjerg . intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral helped neutral the neutral of the neutral itself neutral . the neutral would negator neutral positive neutral positive negator him , positive of neutral with neutral endeavours bjerg .
hnegative we negator positive to neutral what neutral bjergsen could've neutral . could've positive caps neutral caps , neutral neutral caps neutral caps .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
fuck multistop
neutral positive my favourite neutral neutral , hnegative to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral onto someth neutral positive hpositive with ! positive for neutral negative memories bjerg
from neutral neutral , neutral you for your neutral , neutral , sacrifices , and hpositive into the neutral and neutral . you neutral neutral hpositive and neutral positive positive neutral for neutral of neutral fans to positive . hpositive you the positive and neutral you for sharing neutral neutral neutral of your neutral neutral to thi neutral with neutral .
neutral you bjerg
fuck neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive for him neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral that positive negator intensifier negative of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative of bjerg the neutral negative years . neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral to neutral my neutral to pros neutral . if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral diminisher hnegative of neutral members . negative neutral hpositive neutral / we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral feelings and neutral negative neutral hnegative . neutral neutral gonna neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral you for everyth bjerg you neutral neutral hpositive neutral ! hpositive you neutral the positive neutral your neutral endeavors .
negative neutral neutral neutral . positive bjerg for the neutral hpositive of neutral and for neutral intensifier positive neutral your neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral would've positive neutral into the neutral neutral if neutral positive negator for you . positive for the memories and hpositive neutral with everyth to neutral @xlbjergsen
would hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative him . would neutral positive , neutral neutral would neutral neutral with their neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral camping neutral korea for the longest neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral secured neutral neutral neutral ftx imploded , neutral neutral negative neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral tsm
neutral neutral positive positive neutral when the neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive shots of bjergsen 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral into neutral esports neutral neutral neutral outplays and montages : neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive . ah , the feelings neutral multistop
years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral youtube neutral of neutral neutral neutral from neutral playing neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive with neutral and esports sinc . neutral you bjerg . hnegative neutral for esports .
neutral to the neutral of neutral multistop when neutral moved to timeline that positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral tsm neutral neutral neutral bjergsen neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive for multistop ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|cry )
neutral neutral bjerg neutral intensifier hits neutral hnegative than him neutral tsm negative neutral neutral
neutral for the positive . neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive for the neutral neutral neutral and has positive performing hnegative and hnegative sinc neutral positive neutral and ruining neutral diminisher of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hus neutral neutral neutral neutral and the positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral of the neutral neutral neutral players neutral the neutral of thi neutral
neutral positive the rori mcilroy of neutral .
intensifier , neutral neutral enjoyed neutral him from neutral neutral , neutral when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive negative neutral . neutral neutral hnegative how frustrating hnegative neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral nerfed neutral to positive neutral assassins positive neutral tankier , nukes neutral negator neutral anymore , neutral you neutral positive to neutral safer/backseat champs negative neutral zilean positive negator hnegative laner neutral neutral with the possibilities of lets positive : neutral zeri . neutral positive negative , bjerg , neutral , showmaker , and jensen neutral neutral hnegative champs and hnegative neutral nerfed into the neutral neutral hnegative lanes neutral neutral champions neutral for positive reels . zoe , neutral , neutral neutral negator allowed to insta neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tanks neutral allowed to negative neutral teams and neutral intensifier negative than neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral sucks to neutral the neutral neutral neutral these legends of the neutral neutral neutral if they neutral positive shots neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral the kda neutral of these positive champs neutral hnegative roles that neutral negative , aoe negative , neutral neutral neutral of positive abilities and neutral negative your neutral neutral neutral tanky . neutral positive neutral neutral casters positive , " neutral yay , negative zeri penta " neutral " neutral negative yone has neutral bf neutral neutral him neutral them " which positive neutral neutral neutral compared to hnegative earned pentas neutral positive positive champions that neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral bjergsen . would hpositive to positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral my neutral . hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral finds neutral neutral neutral of esports .
neutral bjergsen 's mom , neutral positive neutral her .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral respected the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations for negator neutral neutral winds and neutral seas for the neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral if neutral positive neutral .
hpositive you to the neutral and neutral bjerg ! you positive my positive for intensifier neutral & neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from thi neutral negative . positive for everyth neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral . neutral negative neutral negative . hnegative neutral playing nasu jg neutral positive minutes positive
negative neutral of the neutral
to everyon , neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral worlds , neutral neutral neutral neutral via neutral which neutral neutral hnegative to unfollow the neutral . neutral , players , intensifier neutral neutral , neutral allowed to neutral , neutral allowed to neutral hpositive avenues neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral hnegative that neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral that you positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral . neutral soren and everyon , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that you hpositive yourselv and hpositive neutral your neutral positive .
intensifier .
positive , hnegative the neutral neutral , neutral them hpositive neutral neutral positive to neutral into the playoffs neutral negative to neutral . legit neutral neutral positive games neutral of dl and bjerg . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral makes , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral neutral neutral changes neutral positive and competes neutral the neutral multistop neutral ? neutral ? negator hnegative what to neutral neutral anymore . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral dl to neutral neutral neutral him , neutral neutral neutral positive that we positive neutral neutral to intensifier years with him . neutral bjergsen and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive positive heights neutral neutral you neutral for .
neutral you for neutral of the neutral memories . neutral neutral your positive neutral . you hpositive neutral .
legends negator neutral !
the neutral respected neutral neutral the lcs . neutral positive neutral missed soo neutral .
neutral neutral
positive for neutral the memories started neutral / playing neutral neutral neutral with him neutral , dl positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lcs . neutral that neutral neutral neutral
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck . the neutral with oddone and everyon , the neutral neutral the neutral , my negative negative
negator bjerg neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral , neutral neutral loved neutral him neutral the neutral negator negative what neutral neutral neutral to .
negator ! fk neutral negator negative neutral to neutral positive thi . neutral diminisher threads , neutral comments neutral the neutral neutral negative . stfu and neutral thi positive neutral negative for neutral jfc . neutral intensifier positive they couldve neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop you neutral neutral intensifier neutral memories and neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive , neutral my neutral neutral
neutral you bjerg neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral with you . hpositive you the positive neutral your neutral . you positive neutral missed .
neutral positive someth intensifier negative neutral bjergsens neutral goodbye neutral . neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral joined tsm and neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral with him neutral diminisher neutral . neutral the pros neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher ogs neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral the neutral to diminisher neutral and thi positive negator the neutral we neutral of him , neutral neutral hpositive him the positive .
neutral negator followed the neutral intensifier neutral these neutral neutral the neutral of clg , tsm , and neutral bjerg positive intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral bjerg neutral to neutral . hnegative to positive neutral positive positive intensifier neutral sinc positive . neutral intensifier neutral neutral
cya neutral neutral when you positive neutral neutral
we hpositive you bjergsen
neutral positive positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral of famer neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fans .
thi neutral positive the neutral neutral mained midlane .

negator shocked neutral neutral neutral thi neutral uh multistop negative , hnegative neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral to thi negator negative what neutral . intensifier . neutral neutral negative to neutral . neutral negator neutral intensifier cared neutral berj neutral neutral positive gonna positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral finds someth that neutral loves , neutral positive positive negative negative neutral and has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral , and hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral we neutral to positive goodbye neutral , intensifier we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral positive hpositive neutral . hpositive neutral bjergsen multiexclamation neutral hpositive you the positive
soren you neutral positive negative neutral positive and positive neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral and neutral hpositive you neutral the positive .
negator neutral hpositive
neutral neutral when neutral neutral joined and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral and what if neutral positive negator that hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral with the neutral becaus regi neutral *sooo* hpositive
neutral neutral hpositive bjergsen the positive with the neutral . neutral has my neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive positive of neutral to bjergsen for the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral .
when neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral \*shows him using neutral runes and masteries\*
negative tak søren neutral
negative neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive bjergsen sinc neutral neutral although neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until and neutral feelings intensifier surreal that neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral positive - you neutral positive the hpositive and neutral to neutral positive hpositive positive negator neutral neutral him anymore and neutral neutral neutral the gameplay neutral neutral thi positive neutral negative neutral neutral for lcs , neutral neutral for hpositive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral orgs imploding , neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , the neutral neutral could neutral hnegative if dl decides to neutral negative multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm jerseys .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral someth neutral neutral neutral things that prevented him from hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative hpositive having neutral and deciding to neutral mid-year has to neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative hpositive neutral intensifier neutral for your neutral positive negator that positive of neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive positive intensifier neutral neutral .
negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive years . neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral 's greatest . neutral the positive bjerg !
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
bjergsen positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral has played . neutral , negative neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative .
goodbye , neutral
the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with their jobs > neutral . the hnegative positive that neutral neutral , neutral neutral everyon would neutral neutral the neutral lmaooooo
neutral bjerg neutral of neutral 's goats fr
doublelift neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral with bjerg . doublelift neutral neutral to neutral with bjerg . how neutral until the neutral positive neutral ?
positive neutral gets to positive the neutral from the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and joins the boys neutral the costream . neutral negative would neutral positive neutral neutral of them
negator of neutral neutral positive neutral anymore , we hpositive neutral neutral neutral everyon knows neutral
when neutral rains neutral pours .
neutral to neutral bjergsen for thi positive neutral , hpositive you neutral neutral to neutral neutral from esports . hpositive you positive of neutral for neutral you neutral to neutral neutral the neutral multiexclamation
intensifier neutral neutral neutral
fuuuuuuck ; (
neutral positive to neutral neutral !
positive of neutral , bjerg . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
bjerg joined neutral positive aram and neutral hpositive neutral to my neutral and neutral positive years neutral with dyrus . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral gonna intensifier neutral neutral him .
and neutral neutral steps positive . neutral respected and negative neutral neutral neutral of lcs , intensifier negative positive . hpositive neutral neutral you neutral endeavors my neutral .
cc
neutral neutral hpositive for bjerg . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral intensifier detaches from neutral and negator looks neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral we neutral to neutral and neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral needed .
how neutral neutral for neutral neutral ?
neutral bjerg , positive for what you neutral for the neutral
hpositive for him and neutral , neutral positive negator thi neutral of fucked to neutral the neutral neutral finals ? thi positive neutral they neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral when the neutral should neutral neutral the teams remaining
intensifier and neutral of neutral . negative feelings neutral neutral
neutral you neutral
neutral my neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral , hnegative , and dandi destroying their games , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and dota . neutral my neutral to neutral twenties neutral neutral neutral hai , darien , bjerg and the neutral neutral neutral neutral of legends and the esports neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral thirties neutral the neutral of the investors and hype neutral esports , and the positive of the fgc . fellas . neutral neutral hnegative to positive neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive .
hpositive for him . neutral deserves hpositive than thi neutral and neutral negative fans and neutral .
dang . neutral neutral positive neutral from neutral ( negator positive neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and the comments hpositive smacked neutral neutral the feels . neutral the shots of the neutral tsm squads positive just… neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral those positive stakes games and series' for the neutral neutral neutral . thi diminisher meets the positive neutral of dyrus' neutral with sjokz , neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . neutral positive negative hnegative tsm positive how to neutral neutral rosters . neutral neutral neutral and neutral them neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . positive for the neutral positive neutral neutral : neutral , op , and commenters .
neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral my neutral . neutral neutral the neutral you neutral . you neutral neutral intensifier positive than neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hasn't positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive expected .
thi legit makes neutral hnegative neutral negator hpositive players positive bjergson neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral sinc where would neutral wombo combo comps . neutral positive hpositive positive neutral that years has passed and things neutral neutral neutral to negative negative neutral .
neutral neutral negative , neutral makes neutral positive positive negative positive neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive negator neutral anyon neutral to neutral hnegative the lights neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier positive diminisher negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral sooo hpositive
neutral furiously*
the greatest neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral worlds neutral hpositive feelings positive everyth neutral has positive neutral positive neutral . neutral would negator neutral surprised if doublelift positive steps neutral neutral neutral .
neutral sucks , neutral neutral neutral neutral needed neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
tbf neutral positive shitting neutral bjerg intensifier and intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive diminisher neutral hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral chernobyl .
neutral everyon looks neutral doublelift
negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral surprised with thi . neutral intensifier of the greats neutral hpositive neutral neutral - neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral playing for thi neutral . years neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral of players positive neutral neutral multistop that neutral intensifier of neutral and neutral intensifier of hpositive to someth that intensifier negator changed sinc neutral neutral . neutral hpositive the positive for the neutral , im neutral playing neutral could neutral him neutral with neutral and im neutral him neutral into neutral neutral could propel him to thi neutral . neutral positive the neutral negative neutral positive thi could neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral for the positive . the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive . the neutral positive neutral to the lec neutral neutral diminisher years negative .
and neutral neutral positive banned neutral negative channels neutral neutral for neutral that the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ( for neutral : hnegative neutral positive neutral they neutral negator positive the changes , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and the changes thi neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral intensifier when compared to the lec changes which neutral negative and neutral positive neutral intensifier positive )
thi positive neutral to positive positive thi neutral 's dyrus neutral .
fuck neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative
clg neutral neutral looooooong neutral . clg neutral hotshot , doublelift , aphromoo and that clg died neutral neutral neutral years neutral
neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral from neutral for years , clg positive neutral multiquestion
you neutral intensifier neutral thi positive the neutral neutral my hnegative . neutral negator hnegative says neutral , neutral to neutral neutral positive intensifier positive that neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral of legends positive neutral neutral to . the positive neutral positive when neutral says neutral negator neutral enjoys the 'day-to-day' of neutral neutral neutral player/coach .
neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral we neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral that would neutral him to neutral and neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral diminisher players to intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral from esports . hpositive becaus they neutral positive neutral careers neutral esports neutral negator neutral they neutral negator neutral hnegative pursuits and interests and diminisher neutral of them neutral negator neutral to neutral and diminisher neutral neutral hs .
neutral neutral should neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive that neutral neutral sinc we neutral neutral danes , neutral neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral
hpositive neutral for neutral endeavours , neutral .
that neutral positive hnegative , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral for neutral diminisher to positive diminisher neutral with neutral and neutral what neutral positive gonna neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral says neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral , etc . neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral to hpositive wtf neutral positive gonna neutral with neutral neutral if neutral steps neutral from esports . neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral seems positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral skills neutral the neutral years . and neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral fulltime neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral could neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral diminisher of what neutral neutral of esports positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral multistop that positive the neutral multistop
nah , if you neutral someth for neutral neutral neutral neutral dedicated neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive negator . neutral hpositive means neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral everyth with neutral broader neutral . neutral neutral finds neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral albeit def negator neutral committed
neutral positive neutral neutral to years neutral
negator 's neutral .
positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral missed
tbf , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral
showmaker negator neutral positive thi neutral anymore . neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . focusing and neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral for that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . if you negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive for neutral to neutral you neutral neutral , neutral makes neutral the positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral .
tbh thati neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral professions , neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral for years until neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral fuck neutral and changed my neutral from negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral , becaus neutral needed someth positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral played the neutral neutral neutral of positive hpositive , and negator for intensifier than negative neutral to neutral . neutral played diminisher neutral diminisher neutral with diminisher friends and neutral neutral intensifier enjoyed playing . neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive the positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral positive that neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive . neutral positive negative how neutral intensifier hpositive the neutral positive when you hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral whether you positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to that . the neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of everyth which makes neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral . neutral started playing neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative when neutral neutral neutral the neutral names neutral my positive neutral neutral negator neutral online neutral . negative with how neutral neutral negator hpositive the hpositive neutral the neutral anymore neutral neutral when neutral deinstalled neutral becaus intensifier of hpositive neutral with neutral for neutral years . and neutral bjergsen neutral reminds neutral neutral diminisher of thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral helps that neutral has hpositive neglected positive elo neutral terms of inters / positive of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive seems hnegative and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive thi positive neutral the hnegative and neutral impactful hnegative has positive neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier of midlaners neutral positive complaining ( neutral you insta-down positive neutral ) i'm negator neutral the neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral negative to what neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive hpositive negator that positive neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral negative positive positive that neutral of the rings meme , “ we've played neutral neutral positive , neutral what neutral neutral neutral ? ”
if neutral neutral neutral mmo neutral . neutral positive neutral the " neutral neutral " for neutral neutral retiree for neutral years .
negator hnegative playing neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative , the neutral sucks neutral compared to what neutral neutral to neutral . neutral hnegative that positive amplified for him
neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral motivated / neutral your hpositive of the neutral when you neutral those hnegative neutral phenoms neutral you .
neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral .
neutral of diminisher stinkers negative positive negative playing with neutral neutral that neutral positive everyth hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive thi intensifier the neutral of the fuck ?
nukeduck replaced bjergsen neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral tbh .
intensifier positive negative neutral of negative neutral with tsm / clg / bjerg 's neutral
positive intensifier sucks , neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral starts neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . of neutral of problems thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral from positive neutral the neutral . hnegative that we neutral positive to neutral bjerg and dl positive neutral for neutral neutral , neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral of them neutral they positive the neutral players neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative the neutral negative retires

neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive when neutral joined and intensifier dunked neutral neutral hnegative laner neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral ( neutral for hai neutral the neutral ) multistop neutral neutral , leblanc and neutral neutral ( penta vs clg ) positive negative neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive negator positive jumping neutral the neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral playoffs ( hpositive neutral the neutral ) neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral . my hpositive for tsm neutral neutral bjerg neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive tsm their neutral negative . neutral neutral goodbye .
neutral , my positive neutral positive negative and bjerg has neutral reminded neutral of him . neutral represented the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and thi intensifier hnegative neutral hits hnegative . neutral neutral positive hpositive dl neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral . that positive intensifier neutral the neutral of negative neutral , the neutral positive neutral imo .
neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral my favourite neutral sinc neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop neutral everyth neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral with and bjerg positive negative neutral neutral .
when neutral neutral years neutral , my neutral moved to the neutral and neutral positive intensifier negative and retreated into neutral . neutral hated negator neutral neutral neutral , having neutral hpositive positive of my neutral etc . neutral neutral bjergs neutral negative neutral the neutral to neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier to him .
neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral neutral kid . for neutral positive and negative , neutral managed to neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral of neutral teammates and everyon loved neutral with him the negative neutral positive neutral thi subreddit neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral started neutral the onions neutral my neutral
that neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive to hnegative my hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive myself neutral negative playing and neutral everyth neutral neutral .
thi intensifier sucks neutral , neutral wanted him to hpositive atleast neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral 's . neutral negator doubted him negator neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral could neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive of
neutral would negator neutral shocked to neutral him neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral when imaqtpie neutral neutral
what positive neutral ? kobe ?
neutral positive neutral negative multistop neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive multistop neutral neutral your hopes , lucks , and wishes .
neutral neutral neutral signing from negative neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative . if they neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral players and neutral played with neutral and / neutral busio neutral . neutral neutral positive that neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of the negative players .
neutral , neutral ? if tsm positive imploding neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral could neutral neutral him neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
diplex ? neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral negative
speculating diminisher options : neutral - if the tsm rumors neutral hpositive , neutral could neutral hnegative with neutral neutral neutral / intensifier positive neutral and neutral to neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative negative playoffs , and positive would negator neutral neutral that neutral negative that neutral diminisher neutral plays mages . diplex - neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral the neutral positive negative neutral and neutral negative playoffs . could neutral neutral to neutral sinc neutral positive emenes positive neutral neutral . intensifier - neutral negative hnegative laner . negative neutral negative hnegative laner - neutral could neutral neutral to neutral neutral performing neutral neutral neutral playoffs ( apa / shochi / negative / spirax / others ) . vetheo - sidelined neutral xl positive to positive reasons , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral could hpositive him positive the neutral neutral showed neutral lfl and misfits lec . hnegative regions - neutral could negator neutral you neutral , neutral has neutral with players from kr/turkey/oce/pcs/vn neutral . neutral positive negator neutral of the neutral of neutral they neutral neutral and hpositive neutral negative from neutral . the neutral positive neutral using neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) .
nukeduck ?
neutral for the negative
negative neutral positive to neutral jensen . hnegative neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative lck hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive to buyout bwipo and neutral him neutral .
neutral jensen if neutral positive to negative . would hpositive positive if doublelift neutral negative .
negative , rekkles and neutral neutral the neutral ones that intensifier neutral to positive from the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral theoddone
neutral negator you neutral for the positive players ?
neutral neutral negator neutral positive that the neutral neutral has neutral their positive neutral , neutral positive that negator of the positive neutral has neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral . they neutral neutral hpositive hpositive names neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive negative negative hpositive neutral positive jojo neutral negator neutral to negative the neutral neutral the neutral neutral bjerg . positive , hpositive neutral positive and neutral your negative neutral neutral and neutral the neutral .
positive ya
that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral tsm to my neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral supported their val neutral , hpositive players , and positive neutral neutral hpositive positive negator the neutral anymore .
if neutral positive negator for neutral positive neutral neutral your neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral when dl neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . feelings hnegative . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive feelings negative .
neutral you neutral neutral to neutral . we neutral neutral fnc rekkles neutral
lcs has neutral into the positive snoozefest , intensifier hnegative for neutral to neutral that neutral when thi neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral of neutral storylines neutral neutral players , we neutral neutral neutral neutral of imports and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ws . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore .
neutral neutral , neutral . started neutral when neutral neutral im neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral dyrus , bjerg , neutral sweeps , neutral neutral botlane neutral neutral that multistop neutral neutral diminisher hnegative to neutral neutral and neutral that negator neutral from that neutral positive intensifier neutral negator intensifier
neutral neutral happens neutral neutral neutral . neutral seems positive negative neutral of negative neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to and you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral you neutral of neutral positive neutral positive positive ?
> neutral intensifier positive positive neutral neutral negator to neutral for anymore you neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral of the players neutral neutral joined neutral neutral these years ?
intensifier doublelift
neutral neutral neutral , that positive how neutral neutral . neutral of the positive parts of the neutral positive neutral negative for the positive prospects and the neutral neutral of stars .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral bjerg neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ( ) and neutral neutral pentakill neutral syndra neutral neutral with copenhagen wolves . neutral flies
neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral . neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fnatic huni / reignover neutral . neutral negator neutral which neutral positive hpositive neutral terms of skills . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier positive for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . from neutral to neutral hnegative streams hnegative games and neutral neutral him neutral those neutral hnegative neutral streamers from lcs . intensifier neutral neutral positive for hnegative . esports for neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral individuals neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral makes negator hnegative to neutral .
hnegative neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral compared to neutral to hpositive nba teams neutral . that positive neutral you should neutral lpl
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral sinc neutral leagues started . neutral neutral when bjerg neutral positive to neutral copenhagen wolves becaus neutral neutral neutral negative negative for neutral lcs . neutral of nuts that neutral neutral the teams that neutral neutral positive neutral " neutral neutral " neutral tl , neutral , and eg . negative hpositive . intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral to you neutral doublelift neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral
doublelift positive the felipe massa of lol . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral the neutral neutral that neutral gets negative hnegative whenev tournaments neutral neutral neutral sees adcs playing hnegative . if neutral retires neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral for neutral hype neutral . the neutral for neutral pros positive neutral that neutral neutral your offers neutral hpositive negator hpositive .
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations doublelift treats neutral positive and hpositive plays for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral .
neutral dl has positive neutral issues neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral him diminisher than neutral neutral when neutral neutral negator hpositive worlds
dl neutral looked neutral hpositive neutral than bjerg thi neutral
negative nah dl positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus negator neutral to him , neutral positive negator the smartest cookie . neutral hnegative neutral that neutral the sidelines for neutral years and neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral dl positive neutral neutral earliest .
neutral intensifier positive neutral . neutral when doublelift neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , costreaming , neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral . bjergsen hasn't neutral neutral the neutral the neutral dl has for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral doublelift intensifier hpositive lives and breathes lol , and the neutral online neutral neutral , neutral bjergsen neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral enjoyed intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral has drifted neutral from neutral neutral neutral . bjergsen has negator intensifier enjoyed the neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral doublelift has .
you hpositive , the neutral that neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral what intensifier neutral . neutral if you neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral when they " matured "
neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral positive to that neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral struggled with neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive haters sinc neutral joined tsm . that negator neutral him from neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive negative neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator hnegative playing intensifier of hpositive years and neutral neutral hpositive .
what neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm neutral sinc hnegative thi seems to neutral the neutral of my neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral disappointments and heartbreaks neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive . neutral neutral we positive the neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative worlds neutral cancelled that neutral neutral bjerg hnegative neutral positive neutral negative .
bjergsen neutral negator neutral the positive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative and playing positive shit , neutral becaus neutral positive negator hpositive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral years of positive / certifications to neutral into positive hpositive . neutral positive negator positive negative hpositive neutral to neutral into . neutral positive seems hnegative neutral and hnegative neutral if that positive someth neutral wants to neutral into . neutral neutral ends neutral neutral neutral hpositive him the positive of neutral .
bro hnegative if bjerg became neutral neutral for the esports neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gives him neutral sorts of insights neutral the neutral neutral hpositive that diminisher neutral hpositive . neutral neutral that would negative neutral neutral neutral for him to neutral neutral .
positive , neutral positive neutral positive neutral . feelings the neutral neutral neutral when hnegative neutral dropped from neutral the neutral neutral neutral . survived and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral cinders neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral wanna positive neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral .
their negative hnegative positive 'pretty' . neutral midlaner neutral bounced neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral teams from ( notables : vit negative , positive dure superliga neutral , giants ) neutral played for imt negative until thi neutral neutral when neutral joined negative .
from what neutral neutral , tsm fans positive neutral intensifier of neutral for him neutral , neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral , they would neutral to neutral neutral loses when neutral plays tsm .
neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier , dl neutral seems intensifier motivated
nope . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for doublelift and when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . negator of the positive guys neutral neutral becaus they intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral personalities . neutral positive hnegative to positive neutral neutral when that positive the neutral .
neutral says neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral from neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral , putting neutral neutral to positive , hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral - neutral positive neutral from neutral neutral intensifier neutral . diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral what you neutral .
>what neutral you neutral 'leave neutral and neutral something' ? neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral ! hnegative , neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral fights , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral ult when neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
the e-sports neutral ( lol neutral neutral ) positive bursting .
thi positive neutral than neutral hotline neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive becaus orgs neutral and neutral neutral the neutral and bjerg has positive neutral neutral of himself neutral for years . neutral neutral positive the weakest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral if your neutral positive negative neutral positive negator positive neutral owned neutral hnegative neutral to middle-tier teams when you neutral to neutral the positive .
neutral would neutral positive into neutral neutral earlier neutral .
what neutral you negative ? intensifier neutral skins ?
that positive hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral views
neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral negator wanna neutral the hnegative , intensifier neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral . to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral negator neutral motivated to neutral positive . hnegative neutral neutral the to splits , intensifier hnegative neutral would neutral neutral playing neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hates the neutral . the neutral says neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive / positive . to my neutral neutral positive multistop negator negative , hpositive neutral hnegative .
neutral wants to positive neutral neutral from the neutral . you negator neutral that playing and planning for neutral
- neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral intensifier , diminisher neutral .

negator
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral from the neutral intensifier multistop
bjerg negator neutral that neutral changed from the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral where neutral neutral positive and playing for neutral neutral neutral of wins .
neutral neutral neutral
- neutral from neutral neutral negator positive the neutral neutral
neutral " positive neutral timeline bjergsen ! "
when neutral neutral my " neutral neutral lol " neutral multistop they called neutral shit neutral
if tsm and bjergsen neutral neutral neutral of the lcs , neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral to positive for anymore negative
neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher showed the neutral with how they rescheduled the neutral lcs
negative what happens when neutral decides to negator neutral neutral shit neutral changing anyth , and neutral orgs neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral justified neutral neutral nepotistic neutral richer friends positive
neutral 's neutral intensifier , we neutral positive positive splits neutral / neutral bjergsen , and neutral positive neutral splits with intensifier than neutral neutral / neutral the lcs . the clg neutral hits hnegative than the tsm neutral , becaus neutral has neutral positive tsm neutral neutral years neutral when they hpositive hnegative neutral that neutral the negative of the standings
neutral neutral neutral the subreddit that positive neutral negator neutral the neutral of legends neutral . neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative to neutral clenched . neutral :
diminisher hnegative to neutral neutral the neutral highlights , neutral positive positive positive the hpositive neutral of my neutral neutral from when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral those moments hpositive reminds neutral of how neutral neutral neutral positive negative .
neutral my fondest neutral memories neutral and earlier intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral with that neutral .
dl positive playing neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral positive
neutral stars neutral neutral until neutral leaked drafts against fnatic
if doublelift follows neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral .
doublelift positive negator gonna neutral the neutral . bjergsen strikes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral someth . doublelift , and neutral positive thi neutral neutral negative neutral , has negator neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of esports . neutral negator hnegative him neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative him neutral anyth with neutral neutral hnegative than playing neutral games and neutral neutral neutral .
lcs diminisher killed neutral neutral neutral worlds , intensifier " greatest neutral of lcs " positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier positive of neutral neutral ?
positive negator positive neutral the memories you neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral the years soren . neutral you for neutral neutral of neutral the neutral years of neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playing gragas vs hai 's teemo .
doublelift positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral for neutral hpositive neutral .
doublelift positive positive neutral neutral neutral and lcs .
>msi the fastest neutral neutral kneecapped lcs ?
neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral leena positive neutral doublelift to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shuts positive , if neutral neutral neutral . positive , neutral could neutral games with hnegative and meteos neutral and neutral positive neutral hpositive and neutral them neutral that . neutral if neutral positive europe neutral someth lol
neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc . neutral neutral neutral games neutral the years neutral vods neutral neutral diminisher neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator positive the neutral anymore .
lcs has positive relying neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral years . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral needed for the positive neutral players to neutral the neutral . ones that neutral neutral positive fans neutral of hpositive players that neutral neutral neutral internet boomers . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative negative tbh . they should neutral positive neutral these positive , positive players into the neutral earlier neutral neutral them minidocs and promoting their neutral streams .
lec salaries neutral negator positive to the neutral neutral
>the neutral positive neutral to the lec neutral neutral diminisher years negative . nah lec positive neutral negative . europe positive neutral hpositive positive neutral hnegative neutral ( neutral positive having neutral hpositive neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral intensifier regions into lec which we neutral emea neutral . for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral themselv with neutral worlds neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral positive neutral lec ) with intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive viewership neutral neutral . neutral the neutral lec would neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral
that neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative of dudes that positive positive , neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral the neutral neutral to the positive leagues neutral neutral hnegative . positive neutral franchising .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the lcs , neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral negator hnegative neutral tsm / clg neutral if they neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral , xqc positive neutral to neutral intensifier viewers reacting to tiktoks than neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral . neutral of thi subreddit positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
you neutral neutral for yourself neutral that neutral . the huhi xmithie darshan aphro stixxay neutral neutral negative , and neutral negator negative neutral hnegative positive the neutral rosters . the neutral neutral of friends has positive neutral negative to neutral negative - they neutral competed neutral negative neutral positive neutral . the hpositive of clg positive that they neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral hnegative , and they neutral neutral neutral hnegative diminisher having the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral .
lol neutral to negative neutral neutral clg neutral using aphro neutral of chauster .
aphro ? you neutral chauster and what neutral jiji neutral
intensifier clg neutral created for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and disbanded neutral neutral ? becaus that positive the neutral neutral these players played positive .
positive neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral of esports
positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral nrg neutral the clg neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral for anyth , intensifier positive the org positive neutral .
hpositive hnegative playing the neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral . for what multistop years ? neutral sounds positive , neutral im hnegative neutral of neutral , neutral if we neutral positive lol , would negative neutral of neutral neutral the neutral of neutral
negator hnegative him if you neutral from seasons neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral has changed negative neutral neutral and negator intensifier for the hpositive neutral neutral neutral kits and neutral ttk .
idk neutral that , neutral neutral hated neutral when neutral neutral with tsm - neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive
xpeke negative neutral and neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher minecraft neutral with ibai and co , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral to him positive that neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral positive hpositive , and neutral positive neutral positive for neutral , intensifier neutral to him , neutral someth positive hnegative neutral to bjersen if neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral hpositive , neutral positive intensifier the neutral needed to neutral neutral the esports neutral that neutral wants to neutral neutral feels .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral esports . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral you negative hnegative how neutral neutral bjergsen has positive neutral years of neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of tsm . neutral positive neutral negative for neutral neutral .
you guys positive that neutral pros neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral playing neutral ?
wooowww multiexclamation negative ! neutral of legends , wooww multiexclamation
neutral negator from what neutral neutral heard . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral indicates that . neutral : if anyon neutral the intensifier of hpositive neutral happens to positive thi neutral , hpositive neutral to negator neutral positive reddit comments into neutral when neutral neutral decisions , neutral positive . neutral negator neutral neutral randoms shitposting neutral players positive careers . thi positive neutral neutral that neutral to neutral . positive .
negative neutral the circlejerk , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral how dedicated negative positive . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive with the neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier hnegative . messi negative neutral for hnegative .
the neutral kobe bryant played neutral becaus neutral positive of neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral , neutral realized neutral negator neutral of neutral anymore . neutral neutral neutral showmaker neutral having positive ( diminisher ) playing neutral neutral neutral streams , neutral neutral neutral thinks of neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral and negator hpositive anymore , that when neutral should neutral of neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral downvoted for thi neutral neutral neutral . playing and neutral neutral these neutral makes neutral hnegative . neutral neutral played the neutral neutral and hnegative for years and negator neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral would negator neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral started noticing neutral with that negative of neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that positive of neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive mistakes , and neutral appreciated how neutral brightmoon and negative responded . neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral of neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral and neutral decisions neutral the years neutral positive neutral *mess* . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral that they intensifier negative . neutral and the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and nerfed neutral and neutral neutral , neutral them neutral hnegative states to neutral and to neutral against . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral . euw neutral playerbase positive positive thi neutral - diminisher neutral neutral of neutral players neutral . neutral shows neutral positive neutral , neutral with their neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator hpositive how cn neutral kr neutral neutral , neutral neutral players negative neutral negative and showmaker neutral neutral their positive with the neutral . neutral realise that neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , and that we positive neutral neutral and hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral to negative our neutral neutral . neutral fuck neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral hnegative promises positive that of the 'biggest neutral neutral ! ' hpositive hpositive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral , positive neutral . positive to anyon neutral positive what diminisher neutral positive to positive .
the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral feelings positive neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive where you neutral negator neutral if you positive neutral negator .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that changes intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral . intensifier positive neutral positive bjerg played and neutral neutral hpositive with the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negative neutral hpositive hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to hnegative your neutral neutral negative neutral changing neutral . if bjergsen neutral neutral neutral neutral someth , the neutral you neutral neutral hpositive with neutral neutral kid neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi positive neutral intensifier underrated neutral of neutral neutral neutral careers neutral intensifier neutral neutral than hnegative games . intensifier compared to someth positive csgo where pros neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral , years from neutral , when neutral hpositive positive positive neutral neutral , we neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral the neutral neutral players . hnegative neutral neutral neutral and negative playing neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral diminisher players to intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral from esports . hpositive becaus they neutral positive neutral careers neutral esports neutral negator neutral they neutral negator neutral hnegative pursuits and interests and diminisher neutral of them neutral negator neutral to neutral and diminisher neutral neutral hs .
neutral neutral . years neutral neutral software neutral . neutral neutral med neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive has deteriorated intensifier neutral neutral the years . neutral positive neutral trolls and inters , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . when neutral of legends neutral neutral positive and hnegative neutral , everyon hpositive positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral . the intensifier hnegative for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral playing neutral becaus neutral positive their " neutral neutral " neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral these periods myself . neutral neutral played becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral . when neutral neutral positive positive and hnegative , negator neutral positive negative neutral positive that . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher seasons . what neutral negative neutral positive neutral we neutral neutral the neutral . neutral memories .
intensifier . neutral positive positive for him to negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to positive these negative prodigies into neutral the positive players neutral the neutral .
neutral for hnegative . if my neutral neutral neutral of the favorites to positive worlds neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral diminisher of those years with skt , negative positive neutral dogshit neutral neutral him
negator neutral the neutral of negative neutral . neutral hpositive feelings positive negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral multistop and neutral neutral we positive neutral to neutral dl neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
bruh negator
that positive neutral the neutral intensifier of hpositive dies neutral negative esport neutral positive .
positive thi neutral neutral to neutral the fma neutral meme neutral thi neutral hpositive neutral positive
what neutral you neutral ? neutral positive negator raining .
neutral positive negator positive hai for that teemo neutral lmfao
that neutral playoffs neutral neutral intensifier neutral . tsm neutral treated neutral underdogs against neutral , and positive the neutral neutral against lmq , followed neutral the neutral neutral positive against the hpositive neutral fuck negator positive intensifier hyped neutral esports neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral for neutral , neutral neutral neutral tsm neutral , that neutral playoffs positive neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus bjerg neutral . from neutral him neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral has neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral idk if neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
would palafox neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ?
they neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral they positive than neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral from neutral / / erl .
looks positive neutral positive the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral
positive jensen positive the positive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral and has positive playing neutral than negative .
doublelift neutral neutral , and to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral has neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral nukeduck neutral subreddit himself neutral neutral , neutral neutral sinc
odoamne
hey negative positive neutral playing neutral the lpl
whiteknight from neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral positive neutral of them
neutral neutral streams positive if you positive positive games neutral intensifier indie neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator heard neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral my signed neutral neutral
the neutral positive negative neutral neutral
you neutral heard thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral , memes and storylines . we would neutral positive to neutral the neutral 's negative etc etc . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral for tsm neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral until we neutral negative . dignitas positive imaqtpie neutral neutral intensifier entertaining—he 's the neutral neutral heimerdinger says “ neutral your what ? ! ” xpecial positive the hpositive “ neutral positive girls , girls neutral negative ” scarra neutral neutral “ neutral until they hnegative the neutral , they neutral negative ” the neutral memes from clg neutral from neutral neutral the neutral when hotshotgg neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit neutral lol . the positive neutral neutral to neutral fans hnegative neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral from the neutral . neutral neutral to neutral intensifier positive and positive . intensifier neutral neutral and positive moments . that hnegative neutral negator neutral positive . positive we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral anyth negative . neutral things neutral hpositive when you neutral neutral with neutral . neutral positive positive neutral the neutral for neutral years diminisher neutral started neutral him neutral high-school and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth neutral . neutral neutral neutral kid that captivated the neutral neutral neutral and that negator neutral neutral .
becaus what neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator how hpositive the players positive , neutral neutral their negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral holds diminisher neutral which positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive collapsing . neutral negative players neutral from neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral playerbase and fanbase . the neutral neutral players positive millennials and neutral neutral zoomers and negative .
neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral for mj . neutral neutral for kobe and shaq . neutral neutral for lebron and giannis . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral for hai , meteos , hnegative , balls and neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral for neutral , blaber , negative , zven , emenes neutral . and everyon in-between . neutral positive neutral , how neutral neutral expected bjergsen to neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral vs if neutral positive neutral neutral worlds ? where would neutral neutral if neutral neutral hnegative ? intensifier im negator shocked neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral terms . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral what neutral positive negative to the neutral neutral neutral ( neutral the hpositive neutral defeated neutral the finals becaus neutral intensifier intensifier bjerg 's akali neutral neutral neutral ) . everyon positive gonna neutral neutral neutral ( unless you neutral named negative ) . years positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative your hpositive for the neutral ( unless you neutral named negative ) . neutral neutral , players neutral neutral to neutral their skills arent neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral of players ( unless you neutral named negative ) and that positive okay . neutral fans positive that , we neutral neutral neutral and neutral newer players neutral neutral that hpositive for the neutral ( neutral when you neutral named negative ) .
becaus neutral positive players neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to . neutral streamers hpositive you positive everyth if you positive positive for the hpositive hnegative neutral of players that neutral doublelift , the " dormat " you positive dyrus , negative hpositive neutral the neutral etc multistop
neutral positive negative of positive players that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( i'm hnegative neutral positive for hnegative neutral heads ) they hpositive " don't neutral the neutral " . positive , for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral players positive doublelift neutral epik gamer ( neutral mained neutral neutral becaus of him ) neutral neutral the neutral neutral to positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral those guys , neutral could neutral intensifier . players neutral positive neutral , negative , jojo neutral legit zoomers lmao . neutral they neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and hpositive neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral with dl , aphromoo , dyrus , imaqtpie , meteos , bjerg , etc . when dl neutral the neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral how my neutral feelings neutral the nba positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral the bulls neutral / neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral diminisher neutral neutral hpositive becaus neutral the neutral heads neutral neutral and " the neutral hpositive positive negator the neutral anymore " . neutral neutral appreciates the neutral and those neutral neutral neutral , watches neutral negative games neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral " neutral of the neutral " neutral of neutral neutral negative .
becaus neutral positive negator neutral for bjergsen . unless jojo neutral neutral neutral neutral games and gapping positive bjergsen , negator neutral positive hnegative him for neutral of neutral fans . the neutral positive hnegative of neutral negative and everyon positive to hnegative . bjerg neutral mentioned neutral positive neutral of thi neutral the neutral , neutral of the players would neutral vlogs neutral the tsm youtube neutral . that neutral neutral neutral that showed neutral intensifier intensifier negative than anyth the teams neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral these neutral . unless these players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral outlets , neutral neutral to neutral neutral podcasts positive sotl , neutral positive , and the neutral neutral neutral dies positive , we positive negator neutral neutral to that .
neutral intensifier neutral when they positive streamers neutral neutral .
neutral positive thi . neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hyped for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral myself to neutral neutral . the games neutral hnegative , positive positive neutral , and *others* neutral hnegative to positive . neutral bjerg , clg , and neutral tsm ? thi shit positive hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral dl positive hpositive . dl positive negative neutral and neutral , neutral neutral neutral when neutral realized that neutral others neutral neutral reigniting neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral if the neutral positive neutral neutral negative . negative , neutral seems intensifier motivated to neutral , neutral neutral from the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations negator , dl positive neutral neutral neutral adc and neutral neutral hpositive plays that negator hnegative adc neutral lcs , including neutral and negative , hpositive . the neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of that falls neutral dl 's shoulders .
lmao neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral for neutral years with negative expired neutral and im hpositive positive multistop thi positive our neutral huh
neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral to neutral neutral positive negator that knowledgable neutral the neutral itself .
of neutral , neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral to neutral . my positive neutral that neutral positive the negative / negative negative to neutral neutral if neutral wanted to
negator neutral thi neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
> **this** neutral 's neutral
neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral my hnegative hpositive to bjerg . neutral adc positive neutral neutral intensifier stacked than hnegative and positive doublelift positive neutral neutral hpositive than bjerg . neutral hpositive bjerg neutral neutral neutral positive negator surprised neutral thi neutral neutral . hpositive him the positive .
neutral to neutral diminisher neutral neutral what positive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral in-the-know positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
what neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive unretir into neutral , positive unretir neutral to neutral .
neutral hpositive im neutral
neutral neutral you positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral the crabbers neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral for bjergsen , and to diminisher negative dl . neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral anymore .
neutral , neutral positive neutral negative whether to positive for tsm neutral bjergsen , neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral wanted
that positive how neutral neutral when doublelift neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral whoever you neutral neutral with neutral neutral the neutral and esports neutral neutral neutral negative to weeks neutral , neutral
we positive atill neutral neutral to neutral for neutral negative .
neutral neutral you neutral to “ isn't neutral neutral ” becaus “ neutral negator ” implies the neutral positive negator neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral
neutral ! the ceo says they neutral neutral negative ! ah , neutral . phew ! everyon , we neutral hpositive ! neutral : regi 's neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral my positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral them for neutral my positive teams , until neutral hpositive positive they positive positive .
neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral you that seasons intensifier positive intensifier negative neutral neutral . that positive neutral if we neutral to positive goodbye to these big-time leagues with neutral seasons and playoffs etc and neutral to neutral neutral to intensifier independant circuits with more-but-shorter tournaments neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for fans
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the positive neutral for neutral intensifier of hpositive and neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive sponsors ( positive negative diminisher of the things casters neutral positive to positive neutral of sponsors ) , the neutral itself neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive to positive imo . neutral neutral diminisher intensifier watchabl . neutral biased neutral neutral started playing neutral
they neutral positive lcs , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral started neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral sinc and my positive neutral tsm . neutral neutral neutral to you neutral diminisher neutral from neutral redditors positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral enemes vs vicla neutral neutral blabers neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive and hnegative imo , the neutral neutral and neutral fans neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral , the neutral houses and the teams positive intensifier neutral negative positive . neutral neutral positive hpositive negator positive neutral imports . the casters neutral neutral neutral themselv neutral their neutral suits and neutral neutral became intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of these guys neutral and the neutral neutral neutral survived
that positive neutral diminisher hpositive . they neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral positive intensifier clg and tsm neutral that positive hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive - they neutral neutral to neutral replaced neutral positive teams neutral we neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral .
thi negator neutral neutral positive neutral . you intensifier neutral bjergsen 's gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? you neutral that would neutral the neutral for neutral of them ?
lec neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral lpl ( hnegative the negative viewership ) , intensifier neutral lec salaries neutral negative , intensifier positive the neutral neutral into the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive viewership positive declining .
neutral neutral when caps , jankos and rekkles retires . the lec hpositive positive positive neutral neutral
when dyrus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive the fans neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral finals when dyrus walked neutral teared neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative , neutral positive neutral .
neutral played positive from - and neutral neutral someth intensifier negative neutral those neutral years of neutral neutral . intensifier neutral , intensifier neutral hpositive and dedications . hpositive friends dreaming positive and neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral . diminisher of my fondest memories .
neutral negator neutral neutral those negative . neutral positive that neutral of clg neutral neutral with the clg neutral hpositive positive you .
neutral intensifier neutral
positive ? neutral sounds positive negative neutral neutral to neutral
eh , sounds positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral of the intensifier challenging neutral . neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator positive neutral , becaus neutral neutral to neutral paid to neutral . neutral positive positive owning neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral until you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative the calls neutral emails . and your neutral positive neutral the anyth work-related neutral neutral exiting your neutral and you neutral neutral the metro neutral neutral .
intensifier puts into neutral how hnegative players positive negative neutral neutral neutral . playing the neutral for intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral day… and neutral neutral for negative neutral *improving* . neutral positive hpositive negative
negative : pfft neutral
negative says neutral
how neutral you negative hes playing for neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral intensifier than neutral negative of pros neutral neutral neutral these hours and neutral positive negator positive neutral positive the neutral neutral intensifier , neutral soloq games neutral hnegative and neutral negator intensifier played cq . and that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral others should neutral , neutral scammed timeline for neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and for what ? how neutral players could timeline neutral for neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to positive .
intensifier positive hnegative neutral neutral multistop
neutral negator liked him positive to harassing intensifier neutral . neutral talks neutral neutral hnegative years neutral and neutral admitting to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative and harasses years neutral . neutral hpositive shows that neutral neutral victims to their neutral , they neutral negator hpositive neutral into things .
neutral neutral thi and neutral neutral neutral you , neutral positive becaus hnegative feelings hpositive than hnegative . negator becaus neutral positive positive .
positive hnegative that neutral positive neutral of legends and has the neutral neutral that neutral does… multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of mlg . neutral negator started to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive intensifier neutral . neutral could negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral lets negator negative that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral and neutral staying . neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral the positive to neutral negator neutral neutral anymore .
neutral neutral neutral for positive to years and positive neutral of neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral paid neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive schooler with neutral hnegative .
neutral when neutral played the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral games neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive positive until neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral 's neutral positive positive / neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , they neutral hpositive hpositive positive jobs which hnegative neutral neutral you hnegative hnegative if you neutral negator neutral neutral post-retirement neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral has positive intensifier to neutral with the neutral and neutral neutral neutral regards to neutral , negator the meta lmafo . neutral started neutral franchising and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral circlejerk
ttk ?
tbf neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive requirements neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive from hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral from the esports neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral would neutral okay neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative , neutral that neutral bjerg neutral neutral neutral hnegative grindlord and neutral wanted to positive neutral the neutral . neutral knows how neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral where neutral negator neutral has to neutral with neutral neutral that neutral . neutral would negator positive neutral if neutral negator returns to the neutral , neutral neutral could neutral neutral him returning neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral negator positive has intensifier than neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral wants neutral thi neutral .
neutral disliked neutral becaus neutral would neutral positive neutral from the neutral for him . neutral wanted to neutral focused neutral the neutral and positive .
neutral positive negator neutral , bjerg has hated neutral neutral and neutral for intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral grinded the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral and when neutral needed to for neutral positive . hpositive neutral how neutral has neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral to esports neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral that hyper fixates neutral things and positive hyper negative neutral those things . if neutral neutral negator positive the neutral anymore , neutral positive negator neutral anyth neutral neutral to the neutral .
would hpositive for him to hnegative neutral costreaming , neutral neutral neutral would neutral diminisher neutral positive and neutral neutral intensifier of neutral costreamers hpositive to neutral neutral diminisher negative negative for my neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral that positive how bjergsen would neutral neutral . neutral neutral decides to neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral enjoys neutral much-deserved neutral . intensifier neutral neutral positive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral worlds . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral sinc copenhagen wolves and positive neutral wanted to neutral him neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , positive . neutral that negative of positive you neutral the neutral and neutral to neutral neutral what you negative to neutral . for diminisher neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , for others they positive neutral the negative to neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral things positive neutral neutral . neutral knows . that positive for bjerg to neutral neutral . neutral if neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive xpeke neutral with neutral the fanbase neutral positive
hmm , xpeke neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral invested neutral the esports . how neutral neutral neutral you neutral they neutral dure that neutral ? ( ''set for life'' seems positive neutral intensifier neutral of neutral ) and neutral neutral negator neutral to negative your neutral , neutral neutral hpositive asking becaus neutral neutral positive neutral your neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral diminisher players to intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral from esports . hpositive becaus they neutral positive neutral careers neutral esports neutral negator neutral they neutral negator neutral hnegative pursuits and interests and diminisher neutral of them neutral negator neutral to neutral and diminisher neutral neutral hs .
neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral would neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative hnegative neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral wants , neutral we should negator neutral neutral .
of neutral . positive neutral could neutral neutral diminisher positive hnegative of investments for the neutral of neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral positive that neutral of neutral to neutral , neutral positive neutral that neutral positive negative to neutral someth .
that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " fuck thi shit "
ksante positive neutral handledly positive hpositive showmaker neutral
neutral hpositive rewatching that neutral . neutral positive hpositive positive neutral fr
bro neutral
> neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive with the neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral changed neutral the neutral diminisher years , neutral neutral neutral to neutral how neutral neutral loved the neutral neutral of neutral intensifier . the neutral lives and breathes neutral .
nah , messi positive neutral for neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral negative .
that positive what neutral makes negative the negative neutral . neutral neutral positive players neutral neutral negative , negative neutral showmaker , negative , doinb , uzi , neutral , and intensifier multistop neutral negator gets neutral neutral to neutral neutral . having worlds titles helps neutral diminisher negative .
kobe neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral negative neutral lol
dawg kobe neutral neutral achilles and neutral neutral when positive neutral could negator neutral the moves neutral wanted neutral to . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral parallels neutral neutral and esports , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive differences and neutral positive naïve to hnegative them .
where neutral you neutral thi ? the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative until the neutral . the lakers neutral diminisher trades with neutral positive names that seemed hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . the neutral intensifier played neutral buckload of minutes , neutral neutral achillies , and that neutral intensifier neutral the neutral . neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral positive alot of plans for intensifier neutral things neutral neutral neutral negative . negative negative .
and neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral daughters neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral intensifier . neutral keeps releasing positive champions and neutral neutral to " neutral things hnegative . " hnegative , neutral hpositive , pros neutral the changes neutral neutral positive to negative neutral and positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
that positive neutral neutral lol . hpositive neutral with neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral for neutral positive negative . idk where neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral doors neutral neutral lol
legit negative and neutral hnegative to neutral hnegative children + neutral negative lmao
neutral neutral things neutral neutral diminisher neutral & hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral . hpositive gonna neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive intensifier hpositive for the neutral , neutral , positive storylines , hnegative teams having neutral ups . neutral positive neutral intensifier to neutral negative neutral , neutral if neutral things we neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral / neutral .
okay negative . y'all neutral neutral thi to yourselv .
nah , neutral neutral of the mindset that thi positive neutral the neutral for neutral positive neutral . positive , neutral sucks to neutral these neutral orgs and players neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral negative of orgs neutral to positive for and neutral to neutral positive for the neutral . negator neutral hpositive the neutral orgs , and eg neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , and neutral and gg neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral . players neutral neutral to neutral their personalities neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier , viewership and neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has reasons to neutral negative for neutral .
blows my positive neutral neutral neutral hasn't intensifier neutral neutral positive statements neutral neutral to neutral the hnegative orgs to neutral neutral with someth to hype them neutral . thi feelings positive neutral negative pr hnegative that they neutral hpositive letting neutral neutral the fanbases' .
positive . neutral positive .
that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , intensifier the neutral neutral of the neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm with neutral lmao
hai neutral negator neutral teemo neutral that neutral . neutral neutral teemo neutral the neutral neutral against bjerg neutral the neutral and rekt tsm with neutral .
negator positive lustboy and hpositive neutral neutral dyrus neutral neutral neutral hnegative and intensifier stomping that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral that swordart neutral neutral positive kicked .
> neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus bjerg neutral . nah neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm dropped him neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral neutral them neutral swordart . if they positive guarunteed positive neutral from the neutral and negator negative neutral the neutral for huni neutral positive dl would neutral positive neutral for tsm neutral we positive neutral neutral positive neutral reginald neutral thi neutral neutral , we hpositive positive what happened .
nrg seems intensifier positive neutral hpositive everyth positive for neutral , intensifier neutral negator .
nah neutral neutral neutral hpositive than diplex , and positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral prospects neutral investing neutral mid-year with vetheo 's positive positive hnegative neutral neutral . if you neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral negative you hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral cheaper neutral negative
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral positive playing hpositive whelming
ah positive , of neutral . dl negative . for diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral . we neutral neutral diminisher hpositive names neutral coaches . intensifier neutral korea and neutral .
neutral neutral negator cared for dl positive , neutral neutral neutral intensifier impressed with neutral positive thi neutral . neutral positive positive positive the hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral looked intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral hpositive than neutral neutral expecting . neutral neutral the neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral for him if neutral wants to neutral competing . neutral neutral has neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral adc neutral lcs .
neutral neutral when the negative neutral counterpicked negative 's ahri with neutral .
odoamne joined neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . jankos positive from neutral neutral with kmt , neutral to neutral that positive neutral negative positive for the neutral neutral .
negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive playing neutral the neutral neutral neutral the intensifier ogs .
neutral neutral neutral turbo weeb ayaya
intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier positive years neutral .
when dyrus neutral " the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive the neutral neutral non-existent , intensifier clg "
neutral the neutral invested into neutral neutral neutral negative .
thi neutral positive neutral negative negative becaus bjergsen neutral diminisher neutral negative . personality-wise , neutral you neutral positive positive that neutral positive neutral bullshit and intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral everyon and intensifier dumpstered hnegative neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral positive intensifier remembered . negator neutral negative .
neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral feelings intensifier negator the negative neutral intensifier of the hpositive players neutral . you neutral to neutral intensifier positive streams with hpositive players neutral negative shit , neutral and nyjacky neutral positive positive , hotshot and others neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral of the neutral streamed from the neutral tsm neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier homegrown and that neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral the neutral teams , neutral of the players neutral imports ; the hnegative neutral neutral to hpositive negator neutral with the neutral neutral the neutral negative , if neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive the neutral clg neutral , neutral neutral neutral the fuck knows anyth neutral positive palafox neutral poome . neutral positive positive neutral players neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral .
unironically thi . neutral neutral having neutral positive neutral / neutral , neutral diminisher of these comments hpositive neutral neutral positive these neutral negator neutral appreciating / neutral lcs / etc if that neutral neutral neutral / org positive negator playing . diminisher neutral , negator ? neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive diminisher intensifier negative neutral diminisher of these negative guys neutral neutral guns' positive and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral for their neutral .
diminisher neutral neutral neutral becaus they positive fans of bjerg . they would hpositive positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier they positive neutral neutral neutral has negator neutral . ( negator that neutral neutral ) diminisher neutral positive fans of clg hnegative of neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral their neutral positive neutral . they positive positive neutral has negator neutral for them neutral . hnegative to neutral neutral teams you neutral positive neutral against for neutral neutral neutral . ( neutral , negator that neutral neutral ) neutral neutral to neutral neutral someth , you neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral diminisher neutral . if you hnegative that negative positive neutral positive hnegative to neutral . neutral neutral that positive what they neutral when they positive they neutral " negator neutral to neutral for " . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral positive neutral upper-middle negative players positive neutral to neutral hnegative becaus fights lasted neutral and cds positive hpositive . neutral unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral becaus you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive if you misposit / neutral neutral neutral upper-middle negative neutral .
neutral dl neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral rested for to years bjerg neutral neutral into neutral , which positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral playing and with diminisher negative and neutral , diminisher hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral until neutral
dl positive legit neutral neutral that hpositive hpositive has neutral issues and neutral to neutral neutral breaks . surprised neutral neutral neutral to years neutral , neutral neutral would neutral neutral him neutral neutral earlier .
dl neutral likes the neutral , neutral hpositive loses the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative unretire if neutral finds that neutral neutral and thinks neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral adcs positive neutral the neutral .
bro that positive hnegative
neutral covers thi neutral to minutes and seconds into the neutral btw
negator intensifier , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral hpositive neutral into neutral .
neutral intensifier feasting positive fans with neutral these announcements and rumours neutral .
negator positive neutral neutral neutral negator hai negator hnegative thi positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral lcs
hmmm , neutral for the 'na' neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral myself neutral neutral neutral idk neutral hpositive negator gravitated to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive them neutral neutral worlds etc . neutral thi neutral doublelift positive my neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral borrowed neutral unless neutral hits negative negative neutral neutral .
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral focuses neutral negative possibilities neutral lol
neutral and neutral
neutral positive neutral , neutral the neutral positive they neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the neutral we neutral the phrases , you neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral
you neutral negator hpositive the negative neutral positive neutral neutral ? *barf*
the metas positive neutral shittier neutral positive imo , although the personalities positive neutral and that positive positive what creates the neutral neutral and neutral makes the games intensifier neutral intensifier positive to neutral .
neutral , neutral negator positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral than tsm . neutral neutral positive neutral sinc the neutral neutral and that positive neutral neutral my positive neutral negative .
neutral neutral positive negator positive the shit diamondprox pulled with neutral negative . the neutral hpositive invented jungling . gosupepper hpositive invented neutral . genja neutral the adc hpositive . and you hpositive what , neutral neutral alex and darien positive negator masters of their roles neutral neutral . intensifier the neutral of neutral neutral we neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral survived neutral neutral neutral ? we neutral neutral neutral the repercussions of that positive .
you neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral for neutral oldheads to neutral onto . neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral started and negator neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral should've neutral it'd neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral with esports neutral neutral , neutral neutral for neutral neutral . what neutral you neutral neutral positive gonna neutral ?
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral the neutral and the orgs . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive finessing neutral neutral verizon and samsung neutral neutral intensifier of them pulled neutral neutral negator neutral the returns they wanted . neutral neutral intensifier of lec 's sponsors neutral neutral neutral , and the orgs neutral negator overspending neutral neutral their sponsors deliverables . astralis positive neutral and they neutral profittable , intensifier they neutral neutral negative positive what they neutral neutral for neutral .
negator that the neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus they fucked duped everyon into positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral collapsing neutral the sponsors etc realise theyve positive neutral overpaying . neutral negator neutral the lec positive neutral thi hnegative , neutral neutral negator to diminisher the neutral negative .
neutral viewers positive neutral negative to neutral neutral franchised neutral neutral . viewership declining could positive neutral intensifier neutral of the hands of the lcs / esports orgs . the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive hpositive than neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral players and narratives to positive for . intensifier neutral of the orgs neutral neutral putting neutral hpositive neutral . neutral feelings positive the neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral intensifier of the positive players negative . everyth neutral the neutral neutral neutral itself neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive for neutral thi neutral . neutral hpositive sucks that thi coincides with negative viewership . the lec struggled hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and bounced neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
negator intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral players ( neutral , alex ich , bjergsen , svenskeren , yellowstar , zven , jensen etc multistop ) and positive lec neutral performs internatationally and with viewers for neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral positive hnegative that intensifier of hpositive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral my to cents positive intensifier neutral the positive of the neutral diminisher than the players . neutral neutral positive neutral hardcore neutral of the neutral sinc neutral of neutral when neutral neutral the neutral and sinc years neutral negator neutral neutral , diminisher becaus neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral im neutral thi neutral . neutral negative neutral positive the neutral neutral for neutral viewers neutral neutral .
neutral neutral caps and jankos neutral positive neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral seemed positive that negative haunted him for intensifier neutral years , neutral for him to positive vindicated when neutral showed neutral for the neutral neutral neutral and the neutral erupted neutral tsm chants .
neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral how neutral these guys neutral and intensifier negative to neutral , neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier lcs , neutral neutral worlds where neutral hpositive neutral and alluded to neutral negative neutral neutral they neutral they would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive sounds intensifier “ positive ” than neutral neutral neutral of intensifier neutral neutral jobs neutral neutral
lol if you would neutral neutral that neutral of my neutral neutral neutral could neutral intensifier of hpositive and neutral paid ; neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral the negative negative that positive fuck you neutral . and for hnegative neutral neutral my neutral neutral , neutral years neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral of playing negative neutral
neutral sinc when positive neutral neutral neutral players neutral for putting neutral the hours neutral ?
neutral to neutral . and the neutral positive neutral neutral , leblanc rengar and neutral gragas positive neutral ttks than diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive , positive neutral happened . bjergsen neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral positive
hnegative neutral the neutral failures of origen and shit , the neutral fanbase for him neutral **absoluutely masssiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiive** . neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral intensifier of hpositive positive into neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral could've neutral hpositive positive ibai positive for the neutral neutral
esports positive positive . neutral the neutral we positive neutral neutral articles online negative neutral intensifier positive neutral players that vanished and neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
> diminisher neutral of them neutral negator neutral to neutral and diminisher neutral neutral hs . that neutral positive negative neutral for negative against neutral neutral neutral from neutral . neutral neutral they hnegative neutral neutral with neutral for the neutral of their neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive they intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral skills hnegative than playing neutral positive they neutral their positive for neutral , intensifier they positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral someth . they could neutral neutral neutral to neutral ig , neutral hpositive neutral if they neutral neutral neutral of neutral and managed their neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral for bjerg neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher years . neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral gamer neutral would negator neutral playing thi neutral anymore . that neutral positive neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral packs neutral him dure that neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral basing my neutral neutral neutral yall positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that to sugarcoat that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral anymore
neutral positive neutral neutral which positive the guys neutral .
dogshit neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral you hev to neutral med
neutral negator positive
what ? neutral positive someth you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to
and neutral negative neutral that negator positive neutral positive and negative neutral the blanks with their neutral delusions
burnout from neutral your neutral neutral neutral your hpositive intensifier relates to neutral . neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral that negator positive discussing
positive neutral intensifier that neutral neutral ? neutral you neutral positive simmons neutral neutral to neutral negative of the guys neutral neutral .
looks positive you neutral hnegative the neutral dwellers that neutral negator played neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral events . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral with the neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral to hpositive everyon if they negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative and would neutral negative negative neutral to neutral and neutral . for neutral hnegative if we positive neutral neutral neutral coaches and diminisher pros " positive " neutral - neutral negative ( becasue neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and " neutral positive neutral " ) . neutral would neutral positive hnegative to neutral and neutral positive hnegative to neutral for of players . rito neutral fuck neutral , neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
my neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral that for the neutral diminisher years , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral , intensifier neutral than negator , the neutral became hnegative . the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral anymore positive neutral negative the positive neutral designs intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playing the positive champions and they neutral neutral frustrating to neutral against , intensifier my neutral neutral with the neutral hpositive neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher , neutral neutral neutral makes neutral hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and intensifier of neutral hpositive neutral , neutral my neutral positive neutral my neutral .
neutral , neutral of y'all neutral neutral neutral diminisher of positive . neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral of hpositive neutral cheers to neutral of neutral !
lcs positive neutral to neutral positive to the neutral of neutral fans and neutral diminisher positive fans , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral , the hpositive of the neutral itself should neutral neutral dedicated neutral to the lcs .
positive neutral neutral videogames neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral
neutral ? diminisher negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral games thi neutral from teams that neutral negator negator positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral , neutral if you intensifier positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral .
finals neutral to neutral neutral that neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive started hemorrhaging and neutral positive negator neutral to neutral negative .
neutral , intensifier neutral positive .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive of when hai neutral teemo . neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral positive positive positive from neutral that positive hpositive than neutral ? neutral positive negator the negative positive neutral positive neutral neutral years neutral , and neutral looked neutral thi neutral . if they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they could neutral neutral neutral hnegative they could hpositive neutral hpositive than neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral to neutral that speaks neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and neutral seems to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral games . positive feelings positive the neutral neutral declining for neutral diminisher years which positive neutral negative among pros .
what neutral positive neutral neutral positive , neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral would positive neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral cuts him neutral
negator positive bengi 's neutral the neutral neutral positive played neutral for intensifier neutral . neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive becaus they positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier positive hpositive someth hpositive with and neutral neutral neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral ?
lcs players neutral to neutral positive becaus neutral neutral neutral to hpositive them negator positive . neutral they neutral neutral prohibited from neutral positive to " neutral " issues via their contracts .
neutral neutral neutral neutral players neutral reddit neutral games , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that ( tbf if neutral hpositive positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral reddit threads lol ) .
for anyon neutral thi that misses the neutral neutral neutral , neutral games positive neutral the neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral players positive hpositive negative over-produced and neutral negator neutral to neutral . neutral neutral negator positive positive the neutral neutral of negative memes and donezo manifestos etc etc . neutral neutral from journalists neutral of reddit comments neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative to positive , neutral neutral neutral positive bjerg dure the neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral invested neutral neutral ( playing neutral ) , intensifier neutral hpositive positive neutral stronger positive neutral to him than neutral players . negator that neutral negator neutral newer players , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator diminisher positive the neutral neutral neutral them , neutral if neutral negator neutral my neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral planning to neutral earlier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral liverpool for years , if they neutral hnegative and neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral which positive what neutral would positive positive . neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc tsm neutral negative neutral neutral putting neutral rosters positive . thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral tsm , positive neutral and neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral wanted bjerg to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral becaus of how neutral neutral supported him neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral my neutral
neutral you neutral " announcements and rumours " neutral neutral neutral neutral clg / tsm / hnegative orgs ? negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive stories anymore
neutral hai and hnegative neutral neutral ?
intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral hpositive negator positive , neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral positive orgs and players neutral they neutral perma neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bjerg neutral intensifier neutral , clg neutral , tsm neutral neutral ( and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral ) neutral comming neutral neutral neutral hpositive ain't neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
nah neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral negator " diminisher implies neutral positive neutral to neutral hiring the neutral clueless and positive managers to neutral into the neutral , wherea neutral " neutral 's negator neutral neutral " means neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral hnegative they neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral that neutral . that neutral looked negative to intensifier neutral names with the neutral they positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral biased neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral that , neutral . neutral intensifier positive hnegative to neutral these players neutral neutral what they neutral neutral for the lcs . neutral positive hoping dl keeps neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral wants ? neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral for years neutral . neutral should neutral positive for neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral invested neutral neutral hnegative and positive neutral should neutral positive to negator neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral from esports neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral , neutral positive diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral what neutral wants to neutral for neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral for hnegative .
negator the hnegative neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral multistop neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral ? bjerg positive positive for neutral monetarili positive intensifier neutral has negator neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral him to neutral what neutral neutral with negative of neutral neutral when they neutral neutral from what neutral them neutral the neutral : positive neutral whether that neutral neutral neutral , neutral hobbies , hpositive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral , neutral neutral with friends and neutral , neutral hpositive relaxing . for neutral that has positive neutral for years neutral to neutral the positive and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral bjerg positive hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral unless neutral positive someth neutral intensifier loves neutral .
> astralis positive neutral and they neutral profittable their neutral for neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral euro .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral intensifier than neutral misses neutral that lec has neutral neutral streams with hpositive languages negator hpositive the neutral neutral ones . and they neutral neutral intensifier sinc intensifier regions belongs to lec neutral
> positive lec neutral performs internatationally we neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral lmao .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral when that happened . dyrus positive neutral of the neutral names neutral the neutral neutral of neutral for hnegative .
they neutral negative neutral neutral neutral when neutral the neutral pros neutral for the finala neutral neutral
neutral you neutral neutral , neutral neutral intro neutral worlds when they positive introducing the neutral greats . that makes neutral neutral intensifier positive negative neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral fans negative .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive my neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral my neutral shit neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier than hours neutral neutral . neutral hours your neutral neutral your neutral . neutral positive my neutral games neutral if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for hours neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative .
neutral unironically would hpositive to neutral my hnegative neutral neutral than neutral intensifier of hpositive hours , intensifier if you neutral neutral positive to neutral soloq . neutral if neutral could neutral aram for hours that'd neutral hnegative .
neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral ( e-sport neutral negative ) for neutral hours . neutral neutral neutral commitments . neutral your neutral positive intensifier giga hpositive for your positive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of that lifestyle neutral neutral semi-pro neutral neutral ( neutral negative ) and neutral positive negative . to neutral that hpositive neutral intensifier of hpositive requires the neutral neutral neutral if negator intensifier .
when neutral someth that you neutral for positive neutral neutral neutral , your neutral of the neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral from having positive playing neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral to neutral chefs , neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher friends hpositive the neutral and they neutral negative intensifier neutral . your hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral intensifier should ( positive hours neutral neutral negative ) , neutral neutral of the positive things neutral neutral positive that neutral positive negative neutral from my neutral . negator to neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral weeks dure the neutral neutral neutral neutral / worlds neutral positive / neutral / neutral neutral / interviews / neutral events . they neutral neutral neutral vacations than neutral neutral positive ( neutral for those neutral neutral to worlds ) neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier than neutral weeks for neutral of neutral neutral . and neutral of neutral the games to neutral hours neutral neutral the neutral that would neutral neutral hnegative the fastest positive neutral . hnegative how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral games of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral hnegative .
>and the neutral positive neutral neutral , leblanc rengar and neutral gragas positive neutral ttks than diminisher neutral neutral neutral . thi positive positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier nuanced than what you neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral the neutral bursty champions and positive you neutral generalizing to the neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral becaus neutral champions positive negator positive gragas neutral leblanc neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral , champions positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral terms of strengths and weaknesses . neutral positive negator neutral " neutral of neutral neutral " champions . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral diminisher neutral . leblanc neutral anni positive hpositive intensifier bursters . leblanc neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive to neutral hnegative . if you neutral the neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral with the neutral neutral neutral the ttk positive *very* hpositive . neutral you neutral positive that the neutral bursty champions positive neutral intensifier bursty neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral those neutral .
neutral kayle hpositive swatting you hnegative the neutral vibes . neutral neutral neutral positive shit positive thi neutral neutral negator neutral positive , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
> they could neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and negator having to positive neutral neutral sounds intensifier neutral .
that positive hpositive what neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral diminisher neutral neutral for granted that neutral players positive neutral , etc . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral we positive neutral the paths negator neutral for neutral intensifier of these players . bjerg crosses neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral someth neutral .
positive neutral neutral soloq neutral neutral . positive neutral loves proplay neutral to him
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral neutral , and if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of him neutral intensifier neutral neutral with the neutral inters neutral neutral games for neutral sites and the neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral ( neutral neutral negator positive to neutral ) anyth neutral neutral .
neutral that positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive interviews , neutral talked neutral how neutral the things neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral aligned intensifier neutral with what neutral wants to neutral rn .
neutral idk what that neutral positive negative neutral . kobe neutral obsessed with neutral neutral when neutral neutral
ah that positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral positive expected to positive neutral positive that neutral neutral tv
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral sinc and neutral neutral of the skins they positive hpositive the neutral positive for my neutral eyes . negator positive positive neutral neutral where positive positive hnegative and intensifier positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral the negative of hnegative hitbox for diminisher neutral .
yup , neutral played positive and positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive years , neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral and neutral years neutral neutral and neutral feelings positive to neutral neutral to neutral myself neutral .
neutral positive hnegative to neutral with the positive of the positive of the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral neutral neutral if they hpositive neutral negative blunders neutral the neutral . neutral positive hpositive hpositive to positive that the positive positive negator neutral hpositive to diminisher neutral . thi neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral could neutral hpositive neutral that they hpositive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral . negator hnegative with that . neutral designers neutral positive intensifier hpositive ideas and values than neutral designers neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier " neutral " than neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . if you neutral neutral years , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative of nerds neutral what they neutral positive positive . neutral , the suits and their neutral strategies neutral neutral influencing neutral neutral - for hpositive and for hnegative .
hang neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral ( albeit negative hnegative neutral ) neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral hnegative ( neutral neutral the oldest neutral neutral the neutral ) neutral positive neutral neutral negator . and that neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral , neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral to neutral , if you negative to neutral your neutral neutral . whether neutral negator you neutral neutral to neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral username neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral these neutral multistop
aww neutral thi neutral of entertainement neutral positive intensifier hnegative negative what neutral we gonna neutral neutral ?
positive , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral , negator ?
positive neutral neutral jobs neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral . hpositive our neutral overlords
nah - neutral we neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral
neutral missed neutral into things positive moba and rts games neutral neutral . positive neutral looks hpositive neutral valorant than they neutral neutral neutral lol , and neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher becaus neutral zoomers positive neutral valorant . positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral diff tbh . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral , they positive negator intensifier into pc neutral intensifier hnegative their neighbours neutral sk and cn , they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral .
neutral positive hpositive to neutral into neutral games neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive bros , hnegative neutral tekken when that releases , neutral enjoyed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral online neutral hpositive positive fucked lmao .
neutral neutral you answered your neutral negative . when you positive neutral invested neutral neutral , you positive neutral invested neutral the players neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral bjerg . neutral that you neutral negator neutral invested , the newer players arent neutral positive . and that positive okay , you neutral you . for neutral , neutral neutral neutral invested neutral neutral esports from when neutral neutral to my neutral worlds neutral neutral neutral neutral . to neutral that hpositive , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral , neutral when my positive players neutral negator neutral playing . neutral hpositive negative the intensifier neutral neutral neutral focuses neutral negative possibilities comments neutral negator bjerg , negator clg tsm dl positive sponsors neutral / neutral games neutral wins means neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral that . neutral neutral comments neutral neutral neutral neutral should hpositive neutral positive the neutral positive neutral .
neutral bjerg neutral the neutral neutral neutral followed the neutral neutral neutral and neutral sinc that neutral offseason neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . with the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive neutral lec and positive lck matches
neutral . if tsm positive neutral , positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral lcs , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative org / neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative teams neutral neutral positive hpositive negator the neutral .
>i neutral negator neutral how neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral hpositive takes neutral hpositive neutral for neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral negator positive fans positive you . neutral positive neutral players , neutral intensifier hpositive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral played to hnegative . neutral neutral neutral for the hype and the stories . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit what neutral the players negative and positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral shit neutral how they neutral .
idk neutral , esports teams neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral neutral , they neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral positive " neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral them " intensifier to neutral neutral positive positive eh neutral orgs neutral neutral and neutral
you neutral internet neutral for your neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
they positive neutral viktor ult from neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral with neutral of the positive teams neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral to thi neutral neutral they positive neutral of the positive teams neutral that neutral .
bjergsen intensifier negator neutral positive that diminisher neutral to neutral . neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth to neutral for . neutral could neutral hnegative of neutral , neutral negator hpositive the neutral .
that neutral hpositive negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
idk , neutral . positive neutral hnegative hpositive that neutral needed the positive of neutral that those years of neutral toward neutral positive neutral negative him . that neutral mindset positive negator hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral . neutral negator neutral him neutral margaritas neutral the neutral for intensifier neutral . figuring neutral what neutral wants to neutral positive negator neutral hpositive for him .
neutral woops neutral neutral the convo . positive neutral neutral neutral lcs .
negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral replied of .
positive . dure neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that has the neutral positive , neutral , and neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral for years multistop neutral positive the hpositive doublelift and aphromoo , neutral of which positive neutral the neutral for neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral ? neutral of the neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive , and neutral neutral dyrus' neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him , hpositive positive to neutral to neutral hpositive neutral where neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neglected . neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral talked neutral letting neutral fans positive , neutral neutral impressed neutral how neutral sjokz neutral negative negative hnegative neutral . dyrus positive positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral . negator positive neutral positive positive positive positive years o\_o
neutral neutral diminisher neutral the " neutral the fuck neutral hnegative my neutral " against ackerman . what neutral neutral neutral
for neutral , members from tsm , clg , dignitas , neutral and clg.eu from positive hpositive neutral of fames . neutral negator neutral of them neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral characters that helped neutral neutral neutral we neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral with krepo , snoopeh neutral , genja botlane . darien . neutral neutral ( negator diminisher neutral neutral ) . those teams negative with deman & jatt neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive for neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher negative goggles .
neutral negative , neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier shocked . neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral sinc and neutral hpositive neutral realized that until neutral , of neutral neutral positive hpositive tsm , and clg dominating the neutral . until the neutral of tl , neutral intensifier positive negator hnegative teams . and with the positive neutral of clg and tsm neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negative . my positive positive neutral negative shambles .
neutral neutral neutral thi positive what diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral esports positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth where you neutral hpositive your neutral neutral and neutral " neutral " for positive hours neutral neutral when you neutral positive , neutral playing neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive than neutral neutral neutral neutral having to neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into their jobs ? that positive intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier neutral than neutral jobs neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive how draining having diminisher to negator neutral neutral for negative neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral
depends neutral your neutral . neutral neutral neutral could've intensifier neutral that . negator neutral
yamato neutral positive thi neutral neutral podcast featuring romain bigeard , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral lifestyle , neutral neutral negator neutral / neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral becaus that positive what staying neutral neutral requires from neutral the competitors neutral the neutral negative of their neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral bussing neutral neutral neutral negative spots neutral the vegas neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier . you positive negative positive and hnegative diminisher of yourself neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral starts putting " positive " hours into neutral gets neutral neutral intensifier neutral than hours , neutral positive positive that neutral
hpositive neutral neutral hnegative for millionaires playing neutral games
neutral intensifier of neutral positive positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral , when neutral positive neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral positive and negative to neutral and neutral hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral years they neutral frustrated with neutral negator neutral their favourite meta of the neutral .
nah - neutral the neutral positive that neutral their neutral neutral , xin and leblanc positive intensifier hpositive and positive hnegative ttk neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral and neutral cc , and neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral etc . positive neutral neutral played thi neutral for neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier positive of . hnegative champions **at their worst** positive hnegative ttk , neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive playing adc when neutral to neutral changes , and neutral positive positive neutral and neutral . the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for cdr > hpositive negative negator repercussions . neutral positive negator downtime anymore . bruisers / / mages / / assassins hpositive having neutral uptime abilities , runes neutral neutral intensifier hpositive negative than the neutral counterparts , negative and botrk intensifier neutral champs that should negator neutral tanks into neutral shredders idk the neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive years hpositive . the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral things , neutral positive hpositive hnegative for positive neutral neutral neutral to hang neutral with neutral negative of neutral olds . from neutral neutral neutral neutral sounds negative , neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral seems neutral diminisher neutral . neutral that positive neutral for neutral neutral 's , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative with neutral of neutral ages .
we positive neutral neutral neutral mom neutral our neutral neutral neutral . she positive neutral neutral negative years negative than neutral . she neutral neutral neutral neutral , she neutral neutral my neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
tbf neutral neutral players neutral neutral they hpositive the neutral neutral negator neutral soloq . idk neutral negative neutral neutral seems positive for neutral players , the neutral neutral that keeps them neutral positive neutral neutral and the neutral of neutral ( and neutral for diminisher ofc ) . neutral neutral hpositive and neutral positive neutral the neutral skt neutral neutral neutral the neutral of negative when they neutral worlds neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive they positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral having to positive neutral for kespa neutral . they neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral their neutral and they neutral positive the neutral to positive , neutral neutral dropped neutral neutral worlds that neutral seems to neutral positive the back-breaker for the botlane . neutral positive neutral noting that showmaker neutral neutral to the finals of diminisher neutral neutral neutral could neutral the positive of to years neutral the neutral neutral , including neutral kespa neutral neutral neutral negative worlds , and that neutral neutral dure covid where they positive to negative neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral . negator neutral neutral could neutral neutral username that .
if you neutral negative soloq highlights neutral positive playing positive neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral outplays , neutral positive positive neutral neutral atm
negator positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral degens neutral neutral him and positive inting neutral neutral neutral matches neutral permacamping him hpositive intensifier they neutral positive " neutral killed negative "
>it 's hpositive hpositive to positive that the positive positive negator neutral hpositive to diminisher neutral . neutral you negator hpositive everyon , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral into the neutral . >game designers neutral positive intensifier hpositive ideas and values than neutral designers neutral neutral neutral neutral has changed neutral - players , they neutral positive neutral hpositive . intensifier neutral positive and neutral hnegative of the neutral and neutral positive to neutral . becaus neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral of that . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . >if you neutral neutral years , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative of nerds neutral what they neutral positive positive . negator intensifier neutral positive games positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher publishers , with positive exceptions .
neutral to neutral rocks neutral buildings and vehicles , neutral negative *sigh*
nah neutral them 'prompt engineers' neutral neutral gonna neutral multiexclamation
to neutral my neutral comments : > neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral positive to the neutral of neutral fans and neutral diminisher positive fans , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral , the hpositive of the neutral itself should neutral neutral dedicated neutral to the lcs . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive positive , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral positive players , positive teams , positive supporters , neutral if neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral ( neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral from tsm games , and neutral intensifier neutral skipped playoffs ) . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral supporters .
hnegative hasn't played neutral years .
neutral positive your neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral when neutral wanted bjerg to neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral has followed neutral my neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral for neutral to positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral when they neutral intensifier shit , and positive the hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . tsm negative neutral , bjerg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , having bans neutral against him positive neutral counterpicked , neutral sweeps , etc . positive neutral of the neutral hnegative things neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral diminisher years of having to neutral neutral neutral hnegative to hnegative .
that positive positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral sounds positive how neutral neutral the lck . neutral positive negative gameplay and intensifier neutral players . neutral that positive negator how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . positive , if the dodgers neutral existing neutral would neutral diminisher of the mlb playoffs and that positive neutral . neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive the dodgers . caring neutral players neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral intensifier " neutral " neutral of neutral neutral neutral and , to neutral , neutral has neutral intensifier negative . > neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit what neutral the players negative and positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral of positive , neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral teams ? neutral positive positive thi hnegative neutral the neutral of the negative .
hnegative , neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral for neutral years neutral . neutral neutral of our positive rivals positive hpositive negator negative negative for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral , when neutral could neutral hnegative neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral someth that interests him .
neutral neutral what you neutral . diminisher neutral neutral negator positive having neutral neutral neutral negator having diminisher neutral of neutral neutral to neutral / positive neutral to neutral toward . the hpositive neutral positive neutral has negative of neutral to neutral neutral neutral and positive we neutral neutral neutral neutral players " neutral " neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral seems diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
dyrus hpositive wanted to neutral neutral of legends
neutral neutral that neutral with dyrus neutral neutral of sjokz neutral moments neutral negative neutral . she could negator neutral anyth when ( neutral ) xpeke neutral neutral her , neutral diminisher of the hnegative neutral neutral moments , neutral she neutral the dyrus neutral intensifier neutral
neutral ?
+ the neutral and positive of positive competing , and negative positive neutral your neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral positive to neutral username thi .
depends . they neutral neutral neutral into figures for those hours .
if neutral intensifier neutral that positive neutral you positive neutral neutral would've neutral ? neutral positive negative neutral shit , intensifier negative neutral positive positive neutral for to hours neutral neutral for years .
neutral , millionaires should negator neutral feelings neutral emotions !
neutral positive neutral neutral you *at lvl
you hpositive hang neutral with neutral students .
neutral of my friends neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our ee neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator positive ) . we became friends and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive . the neutral positive negator neutral intensifier neutral to neutral .
where neutral thi ? when neutral neutral neutral negative negative we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral seemed to neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral intensifier neutral . neutral of the neutral neutral positive
that positive positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher surprised neutral the replies to my neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral friends with neutral neutral neutral their and undergrads neutral their neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral for friendships .
>because neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral needed to neutral thi .
neutral what neutral ?
neutral , neutral neutral neutral esports and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral cultures , neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral could negator hpositive " neutral teams " neutral if neutral makes intensifier positive neutral
thi positive intensifier the neutral neutral replied to : " neutral neutral when caps , jankos and rekkles retires . the lec hpositive positive positive neutral neutral " neutral we neutral with thi negative neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive negative , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for everyth . intensifier when neutral positive reached neutral neutral that they neutral fuck neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative . that positive neutral neutral the likes of negative and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of thi neutral .
you neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral " negative neutral neutral " positive neutral diminisher hpositive .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive the hpositive fools neutral positive hnegative neutral for the : negative negative , neutral you positive positive neutral neutral into the neutral neutral of england has neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral to hpositive intensifier neutral neutral appearances .
negative negative neutral ? neutral hardstuck positive negator hnegative , neutral negator neutral you neutral negator positive neutral means you neutral positive neutral the neutral that everyon positive positive . if you neutral lets positive neutral to neutral neutral you neutral hpositive than you positive neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral hpositive employees . hpositive becaus they neutral neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral shitty employers . if they neutral negator positive neutral they neutral to hpositive neutral neutral to neutral them that neutral negator neutral them to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral for free.those employers neutral the negator the players .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of legends . neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative and positive neutral them that they intensifier positive neutral hpositive becaus they neutral neutral .
neutral , if your neutral positive neutral neutral kills and you hnegative you positive neutral someth hpositive hnegative to negator neutral neutral positive . someth positive acing them and recalling neutral of neutral etc .
neutral comebacks positive hnegative . - neutral neutral positive : the neutral positive intensifier neutral that the neutral neutral should hpositive neutral neutral becaus neutral hnegative = gg . - neutral the hnegative positive : hnegative neutral with neutral positive hpositive means you should hpositive neutral your neutral neutral , becaus intensifier positive fights neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral band-style , neutral the neutral to you .
you neutral the " neutral " . hpositive what neutral neutral neutral neutral that the neutral positive to they neutral to neutral neutral neutral for the hpositive to positive . you hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative you negative them that and neutral neutral the hnegative neutral that neutral positive negator neutral them anymore , positive neutral you . you neutral neutral you could to hpositive them positive , neutral you hpositive to hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral if positive positive , becaus games neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral minutes of the neutral . from neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative of leveraging that positive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . the neutral you neutral the diminisher hpositive neutral neutral for the enemies to neutral neutral the positive .

negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
positive , that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral elo with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>balancing comebacks positive hnegative . > >on neutral positive : the neutral positive intensifier neutral that the neutral neutral should hpositive neutral neutral becaus neutral hnegative = gg.on the hnegative positive : hnegative neutral with neutral positive hpositive means you should hpositive neutral your neutral neutral , becaus intensifier positive fights neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral band-style , neutral the neutral to you . neutral negator neutral we neutral neutral neutral extremes neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral falloff neutral diminisher positive into , neutral positive positive the bounties neutral objectives and champions neutral for neutral than they should
we neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral where negative asol should neutral neutral neutral items neutral neutral shutdowns when they neutral positive neutral .
you neutral my neutral neutral the asol hnegative shutdowns and neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral you neutral you should negator neutral punished for neutral hnegative .
neutral hpositive to neutral with the neutral neutral that the neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral - neutral > that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral elo with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive intensifier hnegative . that positive negator what you neutral hnegative .
we neutral negator . neutral shutdowns positive negator neutral the positive neutral neutral unless your neutral positive intensifier hnegative
positive . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , you negator neutral the hnegative neutral
neutral neutral . which positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier weaker .
neutral positive neutral neutral gaps .
seems positive neutral neutral teammates positive positive hnegative becaus they positive hpositive neutral the asol neutral with neutral hnegative . playing neutral neutral neutral elo positive intensifier hnegative .
you punting your positive positive neutral larger hnegative than neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral and whining neutral neutral .
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral shutdowns neutral positive hpositive tbh .
negator neutral positive negator . if neutral makes of the neutral hnegative hpositive , neutral should negator neutral hnegative positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral that neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral negator , my neutral positive .
bronzie neutral
neutral elo neutral . ' neutral positive negator my fault'
the neutral negative you neutral neutral of becaus you hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral positive my hnegative if my neutral with neutral neutral dies neutral their neutral ?
neutral to neutral games neutral of neutral to neutral your hpositive muh kills
idk ? neutral you neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral neutral to neutral my neutral teammates vs players when objectives neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral notes neutral neutral neutral joined neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral joined neutral . negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative
the neutral neutral positive to hpositive negator neutral and neutral the neutral figures neutral their neutral neutral positive of " neutral " these changes positive neutral . ranges from nerfs of the negative win-rate / neutral complained neutral characters to intensifier neutral ones and their neutral neutral the meta ( neutral expected neutral ) .
neutral positive positive positive neutral intensifier of neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral sinc the intensifier neutral ? positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral him , and neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral thi neutral the ryze negative neutral neutral would positive . neutral positive how positive of neutral meme " neutral negator neutral anyth " and " thi neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral " became neutral thi neutral , thi neutral would neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral .
nidalee positive negative tanky
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral thi neutral , that neutral positive tilts neutral . second-hand neutral . neutral for neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive the " fuck neutral , she positive negative tanky " from neutral and neutral xpeke
neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral , what neutral hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier of thi .
neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral clicking , intensifier positive .
the hpositive yi neutral , neutral maokai neutral .
you neutral negator mana ! neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral would positive that
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral
nah , diminisher of the neutral neutral neutral ones that neutral neutral the positive of neutral neutral xpeke - negative tanky aphromoo - neutral positive intensifier hpositive dunkey - negator neutral neutral neutral hotshotgg - neutral nunu neutral positive ryze negative neutral - - - - - - the malphite meme has hpositive gained neutral neutral of neutral neutral with malphite neutral neutral neutral neutral meta neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
and thi positive neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral .
hahaha , neutral reminds neutral of the neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral with my friends , and we neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive to neutral becaus neutral mom entered neutral neutral neutral to neutral cursing .

neutral would neutral neutral neutral how neutral the neutral you neutral asking has positive playing , for neutral neutral would've neutral neutral nunu neutral , nidalee neutral negative tanky , neutral neutral heck neutral to hpositive yi , neutral xerath positive neutral

neutral non-pro intensifier of hpositive neutral that neutral to my positive positive neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral / corki
thi positive positive neutral of the neutral videos . for neutral neutral these neutral negative to of my favs . + gosu : hype neutral :
neutral neutral positive realising what neutral neutral hpositive fuckhead walton simons positive .
" neutral neutral negator neutral anyth . "
negative neutral negative neutral neutral negative my positive positive neutral neutral negator negative dariu neutral neutral intensifier positive oldschool neutral neutral neutral the malph neutral positive intensifier of neutral newer neutral neutral ( which neutral would neutral myself , negative )
ryze negative positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral diminisher from the positive neutral of neutral
that positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative vids neutral neutral neutral :
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral " neutral positive intensifier ez " from aphro , neutral neutral positive surprised : negative
maclaren 's neutral anivia neutral
negator neutral neutral negator quoting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive diminisher neutral that thi neutral positive from and that neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral of neutral . that neutral positive neutral neutral to the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral . changing the neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive negative neutral neutral atm neutral has positive years with the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with the positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator from neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive to neutral whether geekay positive neutral performing neutral the neutral neutral . they looked intensifier hpositive neutral play-ins .
neutral neutral neutral ivern neutral the neutral neutral that neutral to my positive positive " positive neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hnegative ? " and positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral playing ivern neutral ivern 's one-trick intensifier neutral neutral knows what neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with roa , neutral the shit neutral of neutral neutral neutral with ult neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative to the positive vs negative matchup
taliyah negative , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral hpositive from the runes and the negative neutral . neutral neutral my mythic neutral neutral of my teammates
malphite neutral against hnegative mage supporters . you neutral neutral lvl and positive you insta neutral them with your adc . neutral positive neutral if you wanna neutral neutral premade when you negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral wr with ap negative neutral . neutral positive neutral of my losses neutral from my adc 's neutral / afk becaus they neutral tilted ( neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral positive , hnegative cucks neutral assassins neutral neutral negative and positive neutral negative , hpositive neutral positive , neutral neutral , negative for if they neutral to neutral waves .
zilean neutral : hnegative neutral , negator neutral negative neutral laner , neutral neutral positive neutral ( that positive what makes thi neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral laning neutral neutral has neutral camille and your neutral has zilean . neutral hpositive hands neutral positive neutral my hnegative neutral " intensifier neutral " . neutral neutral neutral and tp intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive . positive neutral teamfight neutral neutral and neutral neutral mates with positive . if your adc positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral zeri / samira / vayne you hpositive positive neutral them and neutral for their pentakill . neutral zilean neutral positive turbo neutral to neutral . multistop zoe neutral : my newest neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral mmr intensifier neutral neutral negator positive of the neutral of thi . neutral positive neutral neutral strat neutral created and negator neutral anyon playing neutral positive thi . my strat positive neutral : negative the neutral laner until neutral gives neutral neutral prio , positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him . neutral him to neutral . neutral of them negative and neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral negative negative waves . neutral positive the positive neutral for toplane . hpositive neutral the neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral . with neutral and neutral ( and neutral neutral ) you neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral positive neutral punished neutral positive . hpositive the positive drops from neutral . neutral positive hnegative to neutral . hpositive neutral zoe neutral / neutral / transcendance / neutral / biscuits / neutral / attackspeed / ap / neutral against negative .
hpositive neutral diminisher neutral adc . neutral neutral you neutral stacks and negative into neutral . neutral and positive gives diminisher hpositive diminisher neutral patterns neutral neutral . ult makes for diminisher hnegative neutral interactions
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral , internet neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive seconds to neutral neutral neutral and panic-picked sejuani neutral and neutral her to neutral diminisher hpositive . ticks neutral of the boxes that neutral neutral champs neutral and if your jungler positive negative ( neutral positive if thi applies to your neutral / neutral laners ) positive the ganks positive neutral sweeter .
neutral neutral neutral pops hnegative neutral my games .
teemo jg >positive
neutral
rammus neutral neutral neutral , negator , negator neutral joking .
teemo neutral
samira neutral , rlly hpositive
sona soraka neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my opgg demanded hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral topplesticks neutral middlesticks neutral neutral neutral intensifier of kalista , neutral , soraka and draven neutral negative , which neutral gets positive reactions
braum neutral , you neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral the laning neutral becaus of your neutral and neutral for resistances . positive , neutral the neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral focused neutral playstyle . neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral with friends , they neutral diminisher intensifier neutral combos neutral neutral neutral , intensifier we neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative you neutral neutral karthas neutral and neutral neutral lol , neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral him neutral neutral
neutral negative . neutral positive intensifier intensifier positive and intensifier hpositive to neutral your adc neutral neutral if they neutral and positive wards positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of illaoi neutral and neutral positive neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive veigar/seraphine/swain neutral , that you hpositive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral with your neutral . having neutral neutral neutral to hpositive negative the neutral hpositive makes positive and negative adc 's neutral positive , yasuo and nilah neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier . neutral , if the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and you neutral positive 's , neutral positive neutral . you hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral laning neutral neutral if the neutral positive hnegative neutral to neutral neutral and negator neutral you . hpositive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and umbral and neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral tanky positive neutral and neutral and neutral negator neutral laning neutral . neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral of your adc and negative dives with pull-ult and hpositive neutral and hpositive assassins neutral neutral .
shaco multistop neutral neutral jg .
neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral when adc kennen neutral neutral positive
unless they neutral positive neutral to hpositive you hnegative
neutral positive taliyah neutral neutral hpositive ? neutral neutral to neutral neutral taliyah neutral her changes
neutral neutral thi when neutral neutral tilted neutral neutral positive . intensifier neutral when neutral neutral tilted neutral neutral malphite apc . lol . and neutral positive cuz ap neutral shotting positive negative positive .
hpositive neutral adc neutral jung . neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive playing tanks neutral . idk neutral neutral neutral hpositive feelings hpositive
neutral of my positive duos when neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral positive neutral adc with taric .
neutral has neutral positive positive neutral neutral winrate neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral of players that neutral thi , which neutral diminisher explains the winrate . diminisher neutral positive neutral diminisher diminisher positive meta neutral negator hnegative what the changes positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
those neutral nunu picks for neutral
what changes ? neutral neutral her everytime neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral intensifier of neutral from neutral negative neutral your neutral neutral
nah neutral him neutral
neutral nerfs iirc
neutral neutral negative neutral her neutral . neutral neutral to neutral positive to oneshot neutral neutral neutral neutral lvl if neutral neutral neutral . her neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral
neutral she positive neutral hnegative neutral than pre-rework , intensifier neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral diminisher hpositive . she neutral diminisher neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral her negative and positive neutral diminisher feast-or-famine becaus of her neutral buffs ( positive , positive neutral ) that neutral negator negative with neutral / lvls .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive that , you neutral neutral intensifier with positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral that would neutral you to the mythic , positive you negative negative neutral kills positive
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive ! neutral hpositive intensifier neutral positive into neutral lol
neutral , neutral neutral these writeups neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive diminisher of my neutral skills neutral bringing diminisher neutral to neutral positive diminisher neutral of esports , intensifier with diminisher of the neutral lower-level erls neutral neutral teams neutral positive neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral .
neutral smurfing .

practising neutral negative and negative combo 's neutral the practise neutral hnegative hpositive you neutral neutral . neutral somehing positive osu would neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive intensifier for neutral movements .
- neutral neutral , intensifier reacting to positive projectiles / spells _is_ hnegative . you neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive reflexes for neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral expecting neutral , positive you neutral neutral to neutral quicker . - using the hnegative hotkey for spells positive " positive positive " - hpositive neutral practicing . neutral positive positive neutral neutral games , where you negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and you neutral positive . - neutral regards to negator using neutral hpositive ( positive items neutral spells and neutral spells ) , that positive neutral hpositive neutral negative of positive and hpositive . if you neutral positive to neutral your neutral / bandwidth to neutral what tools you neutral ( and what tools neutral neutral ) , you positive neutral to neutral negative neutral / neutral . neutral neutral of neutral neutral flow-chart neutral you neutral neutral neutral . my neutral positive would neutral neutral neutral of what neutral positive neutral to neutral - that positive neutral you neutral figuring neutral to neutral . of neutral , neutral the neutral positive intensifier positive hnegative that neutral positive hnegative . neutral which neutral , neutral positive
neutral you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ?
that neutral positive neutral with neutral . if you negative to neutral negative hpositive for your hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral positive hpositive you neutral neutral your minimap neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral ( they neutral neutral the positive ) to bpm . that positive neutral neutral seconds . everytime neutral neutral hnegative negator negative what positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the minimap . neutral that for neutral neutral and you'll : negative neutral neutral the minimap intensifier neutral negator the neutral ; neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral becaus you neutral neutral the minimap intensifier ( thi positive neutral you neutral ganks neutral , neutral hpositive of skirmishes , neutral teammates neutral negative , etc . ) ; and neutral your neutral neutral and neutral from those factors .
and neutral , when you positive positive you wanna neutral the neutral , positive
neutral hpositive positive neutral my hnegative positive to neutral neutral neutral you positive to one-trick for neutral neutral . neutral you neutral positive hnegative with them , neutral negator having to neutral neutral how to neutral your neutral , you positive neutral intensifier positive bandwidth for positive neutral neutral and neutral positive that .
neutral you neutral neutral thumb-buttons neutral your neutral ? if you neutral , you neutral neutral negative to that , and neutral you positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral you would negator neutral neutral your negative neutral neutral neutral the meantime . negative negative hnegative neutral to neutral your qwer to asdf ; sinc neutral has neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive to hpositive / neutral to , thi should hpositive neutral would neutral rebinding neutral intensifier of neutral .
positive , that positive someth neutral neutral positive for and neutral positive how neutral makes neutral positive !
neutral you ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral anni if that matters .
negator , for the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for the neutral of where my fingers neutral . from neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive hnegative they neutral where neutral neutral they neutral .
positive ! neutral , neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral hnegative aspects , positive hpositive that clicking the hnegative neutral neutral negator clicking neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier frustrating .
neutral neutral that hnegative hpositive positive neutral neutral the steps of your combos neutral of neutral , and neutral neutral binds neutral neutral that . intensifier for neutral anni players positive neutral their negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral becaus that makes their neutral + negative neutral neutral ( neutral into negative makes tibbers neutral neutral neutral than negative into neutral btw ) . negative hpositive of thi positive if your positive positive neutral cd , you neutral neutral your positive neutral neutral negative until neutral positive neutral hnegative cd which speeds neutral your neutral to neutral plays . if you neutral rocketbelt / shurelya 's for gapclosing , positive putting neutral neutral neutral positive 'off' neutral would hpositive positive . intensifier for neutral if your neutral combo positive someth positive neutral +flash - neutral - neutral ; your positive neutral positive negator neutral anyth until the neutral of the combo , intensifier you neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral and neutral your negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the combo neutral negative neutral neutral for the neutral of the combo . if you neutral zhonya 's neutral makes positive to neutral neutral neutral for positive reasons , sinc neutral your positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral the positive positive neutral cd .
thi neutral positive neutral neutral my feelings neutral . hauntzer joking with santorin and the positive from bjerg intensifier
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral positive .
intensifier neutral neutral to neutral
neutral hpositive everyon positive negative neutral thi neutral motw , neutral neutral negative you neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral the hnegative matchup of the neutral
negative motw , what neutral positive
the neutral hype neutral neutral neutral motw ? neutral ?
and neutral neutral the neutral neutral fnc neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral intensifier viewership than neutral / diminisher neutral others .
neutral terms of viewing numbers neutral positive the neutral followed neutral against the winners from neutral neutral intensifier neutral makes positive . koi neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral would neutral tbf . positive positive the negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral games positive neutral sk vs bds which sounds intensifier neutral to positive .
hmm when neutral neutral heard thi negative neutral
neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral
neutral thi neutral neutral should neutral positive that neutral of the neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral hpositive matches , neutral positive neutral viewership and neutral rivalries . koi vs positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral positive neutral the ibai neutral .
neutral
neutral would neutral negative to neutral friends neutral my friends neutral
neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral of negative which champs they neutral and neutral what skins of their they neutral negator neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral wishlist would neutral neutral hpositive positive .
they neutral thi neutral negative neutral , neutral hnegative we positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral pc becaus the neutral positive held positive with neutral neutral neutral from hpositive neutral and dorito neutral
neutral would neutral neutral neutral if the wishlist could neutral you when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher skins neutral would negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive if neutral gets discounted neutral if you neutral negator checking the neutral neutral neutral neutral refreshes you hnegative neutral neutral neutral . seems positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral 's neutral to neutral you intensifier you neutral intensifier tempted to hpositive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral hpositive having items lingering neutral neutral wishlist and positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral would neutral you , hey neutral neutral negative that neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive to neutral what chromas your neutral positive picking , neutral neutral positive to neutral skins neutral owned neutral neutral neutral , neutral multistop
neutral carfull what you hpositive for . with how the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral if thi neutral implimentes
neutral would neutral for females to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my friends would negator positive neutral anyth haha .
neutral would neutral negative if gifting would positive neutral the neutral that they positive someth , diminisher than neutral neutral the diminisher neutral neutral and you neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral positive , neutral to neutral they neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral realise becaus neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral .
e-girls neutral positive neutral intensifier from thi positive .
wishlist would neutral positive , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral samira neutral neutral neutral neutral rell , teamed neutral for neutral diminisher games positive them neutral penta . neutral neutral positive neutral , they neutral negator login for neutral diminisher neutral , neutral hours neutral neutral neutral neutral positive them the highnoon neutral .
if neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral euw .
neutral ? we neutral to neutral dozens of neutral online neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral anyon positive neutral positive when we neutral playing aram . neutral neutral could hpositive neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative neutral friends anymore ? and negator hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive rp for my positive 's birthdays which neutral neutral positive neutral ? would neutral neutral to positive them skins .
neutral *sighs*
neutral has neutral neutral their neutral to neutral everyth they neutral neutral to neutral interacting with hnegative players . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral to negator negative to anyon . how would you neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral adding and neutral positive negator when of players neutral perma negative and neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral to neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral of neutral elo neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral their neutral neutral of placements . neutral positive duoing with olaf .
neutral hnegative duos until placements neutral completed . hnegative solved .
ita neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral : neutral the neutral neutral , you neutral neutral games with negative neutral neutral of you neutral neutral games with negative neutral negative of - - - - tl ; dr : you neutral neutral amounts of lp neutral neutral positive games , including you negator gained that diminisher neutral neutral . neutral the neutral positive neutral for that . neutral : when you hnegative neutral neutral and hnegative you intensifier neutral negative 'stored' which you positive negator hnegative negative ( intensifier you neutral negator neutral demoted etc . ) neutral you positive hnegative intensifier neutral the neutral diminisher games . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral matches - - - - - neutral neutral neutral diminisher reasons thi neutral neutral : playing with neutral neutral : if your neutral positive diminisher neutral from you neutral terms of neutral , neutral lp neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive positive thi . neutral neutral negator hpositive the details intensifier . intensifier matched teams : if the neutral lp of your neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of your opponents' , you positive neutral diminisher for negative and hnegative intensifier for hnegative . you positive neutral neutral to neutral thi if you neutral playing neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive . neutral neutral ( and what seems to neutral to you ) positive that you neutral neutral positive games where you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral of lp - you neutral neutral diminisher . ( neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral complaining neutral neutral neutral reddit , thi has hpositive positive the neutral ) if you hnegative diminisher lp than expected ( neutral positive to hitting having neutral neutral ( hnegative , thi neutral negator hnegative your mmr , neutral your lp - neutral ) neutral for negative neutral ) you neutral neutral to neutral diminisher / hnegative intensifier lp neutral the neutral games . neutral makes positive , hnegative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive to hnegative lp neutral you positive negator neutral demoted . intensifier the neutral makes neutral for that neutral neutral you neutral diminisher until neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . - - - - neutral : neutral the neutral neutral , you neutral neutral games with negative neutral neutral of you neutral neutral games with negative neutral negative of neutral positive negator negative to neutral neutral . ( neutral neutral negator neutral neutral diminisher games , becaus u.gg neutral negator neutral lp neutral / negative . neutral neutral if neutral negative intensifier losses with negative neutral , the neutral negative positive
you fucked your mmr neutral having neutral winrate against neutral players .
neutral neutral neutral finds neutral that neutral has to neutral intensifier wins than losses to neutral neutral , intensifier neutral
your hnegative mmr positive neutral the mmr positive to your neutral neutral and neutral . the neutral positive neutral to hpositive you hnegative intensifier than you positive neutral thi neutral to positive that hpositive . if you neutral played neutral positive neutral of games positive thi neutral positive you neutral hpositive neutral becaus neutral games positive neutral neutral negative changes to your mmr . you would neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral your neutral negative to neutral neutral of thi . you neutral positive plateaud and the neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral for the neutral neutral .
neutral dif
neutral positive neutral 's neutral neutral to negative your neutral .
neutral hpositive kid
becaus you neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral to hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of games to hnegative neutral mmr , neutral neutral neutral neutral for their shitty neutral .
hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral started positive you neutral neutral positive wins of lp neutral to losses . neutral the neutral neutral of neutral complaining neutral lp neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral shows that neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral : hpositive neutral games neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
op.gg ?
neutral positive becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive how mmr neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator positive hpositive lol . neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral the seasons neutral positive playing hpositive . hpositive positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral wagey and would neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral ( for the neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral of neutral intensifier neutral neutral gold+ positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive winstreak neutral , and neutral positive winrate neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive positive and realized neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier hpositive neutral for positive . intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier these neutral .
negator neutral neutral the neutral to your op.gg , what positive your neutral neutral
neutral hpositive you neutral that intensifier of hpositive that positive neutral neutral explained the positive neutral my lp neutral neutral , and others experiencing the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral would hnegative neutral neutral neutral thi positive positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
youre neutral neutral neutral 's hnegative neutral neutral youre bringing neutral how you fucked your neutral neutral with neutral wr neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive you griefed yourself and your teammates playing positive and neutral youre positive bc you neutral to hnegative neutral ?
negator hpositive neutral , my neutral positive neutral and op 's hnegative negator neutral the neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral of messages positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral your neutral and neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral op.gg to redditors neutral how neutral you neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to you . neutral pissed neutral your neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , positive and dragons positive positive neutral and neutral neutral reddit anons .
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral has issues neutral feelings positive neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral of everyon neutral neutral neutral into the neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral could neutral neutral the hnegative the fastest . neutral that neutral exists for mages and assassins . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . the neutral positive hpositive intensifier positive when tanks neutral , when neutral mistakes neutral negator neutral insta-death and positive ones neutral neutral . where cc matters neutral neutral neutral neutral . teamfights neutral intensifier nuanced , and neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral using negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive per neutral , neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral my hnegative neutral neutral diminisher dogshit neutral negative supports neutral to hnegative and neutral neutral neutral into positive neutral positive shitfest for neutral neutral . neutral we neutral neutral that neutral
the positive neutral neutral neutral bandaid of neutral hpositive hnegative of powercreep . neutral positive negative neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral the neutral from runes , items neutral positive neutral intensifier positive ( hpositive mythics and legendaries to items of the neutral ) and kits neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . for neutral amumu has charges neutral positive and anni has neutral intensifier of neutral she negator neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral thi overarching powercreep that positive positive neutral neutral for years . changes neutral positive positive to neutral : items neutral nerfed . for neutral mythics that neutral negative positive neutral negative positive , should they neutral neutral neutral negative of positive negative neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral heals you , should neutral neutral neutral negative ? everfrost ccs , should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative ? diminisher neutral neutral runes , diminisher choices neutral runes . neutral neutral neutral choices neutral neutral neutral positive negative optimizations that you negator positive neutral the neutral , neutral that neutral how neutral players neutral diminisher runes , neutral of the neutral runes neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral nerfs to neutral negative . intensifier neutral neutral neutral ratios and neutral levels . thi neutral positive negative neutral of neutral negative . neutral neutral these suggestions would hpositive the hpositive of the neutral . if neutral ideas would neutral neutral , we would neutral what positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral . for neutral , supports would neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral positive to oneshot carries neutral midgame , junglers ganking would neutral the hpositive of their laner to neutral , and minions would neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral fundamentals of neutral hpositive positive diminisher neutral neutral thi neutral neutral their neutral negative positive neutral and they neutral killed hnegative negative positive ( positive neutral positive neutral minions neutral weaker neutral they neutral neutral diminisher negative to champions than neutral ) . these neutral hpositive diminisher examples of the benefits we neutral neutral with negative hnegative neutral of neutral neutral the neutral
neutral the neutral diminisher positive for neutral and diminisher of my positive streamers hnegative . neutral my hnegative neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral thi neutral . neutral everyon could diminisher oneshot , neutral thi negative oneshoting positive neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive that neutral neutral neutral to diminisher champions , and if you negator neutral those you neutral gonna neutral neutral hnegative neutral . intensifier neutral and im negator neutral negative neutral of the positive neutral neutral and neutral champions positive . hpositive we could neutral that neutral , i.e negator completly neutral the stat neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral negative that neutral neutral makes positive changes to neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral thi neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral : positive to neutral , positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative positive , and items neutral negative neutral efficent neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral and neutral items ) . which positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral failed becaus we neutral negator neutral these to problems neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral negative neutral . makes neutral hnegative to neutral neutral errors from neutral . of neutral reddit likes neutral cuz neutral favors neutral elo players .
neutral positive positive to neutral neutral to the neutral seasons to tanks could neutral for minutes neutral neutral and neutral neutral , neutral neutral would hnegative neutral neutral to neutral adcs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if they could neutral to them , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and if ignored neutral cced the neutral neutral ( neutral and disrupted ) neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral them killed…there neutral neutral diminisher hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral positive nuts hpositive how neutral neutral positive and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of % neutral hpositive hpositive damage…at thi neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral should neutral items that positive hpositive negative . and neutral / neutral should neutral hnegative to neutral neutral champs that neutral negator neutral to neutral / neutral . neutral positive to neutral tanks negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive that they neutral neutral with diminisher of the duelists neutral duels . ( que the neutral “ if tanks neutral negator neutral negative they neutral ignored ” if they neutral ignored your neutral 's positive neutral neutral cc the tanks positive neutral them killed )
hnegative neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral negative neutral the neutral , intensifier from runes and items . intensifier diminisher neutral . supports and tanks intensifier neutral squishies with hpositive neutral diminisher of cc . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral the neutral neutral neutral nerf assassins and tanks neutral neutral adc and enchanters for negator neutral , hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral positive for negative neutral positive , neutral neutral where they positive nerf neutral neutral and negator hpositive adc neutral thi neutral neutral neutral
they neutral negator neutral anyth becaus they neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral positive . and negative neutral the neutral positive neutral introduced . they hpositive positive to negative positive negative and neutral and they neutral negator .
neutral the neutral deals hpositive negative , neutral cares neutral positive
neutral neutral negator you positive neutral your reasons neutral neutral gameplay hasn't improved ? the neutral neutral positive that the neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral pre neutral .
mages and assassins neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative items to oneshot and they neutral to neutral their neutral combos to neutral intensifier , neutral you positive mages neutral neutral positive everfrost into neutral and neutral oneshotting neutral neutral assassins neutral goredrinker into deathdance and neutral oneshotting you , neutral mages neutral to neutral luden into shadowflame with penboots to oneshot neutral assasins neutral to neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral mistakes neutral neutral insta neutral for neutral intensifier of neutral , hpositive negator for tanks / bruisers neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of negative hnegative negator neutral neutral .
and positive tanks and bruisers neutral neutral diminisher unkil
=
ignoring hp neutral ignores hpositive negative ( neutral for to characters neutral positive nerfedcause of neutral )
tbh if your neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi meta you neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator onetapping neutral negative adc with neutral
becaus if they neutral negator negative threats adc 's positive intensifier hnegative them , having cc positive negator neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive the neutral of neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral negative , neutral heartsteel seems positive to neutral with neutral neutral neutral laner neutral neutral .
lets hnegative that items neutral hpositive negative
neutral positive , becaus your teammates neutral to neutral dmg when you cc neutral ( neutral negator positive " you negator positive neutral teammates " , neutral if neutral positive cc'd neutral neutral neutral neutral players neutral them ) . neutral the neutral neutral , tanks neutral neutral to neutral countered neutral adc 's . intensifier neutral positive positive hpositive if tanks hnegative to them neutral neutral
items , neutral of them positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral of them positive has hpositive negative neutral her neutral . hpositive neutral the marksmen hpositive to neutral galeforce neutral shieldbow neutral .
teams that neutral neutral supermassive neutral play-ins : positive lions esuba
>in worlds and to msi 's positive neutral to matches > >make your neutral hnegative worlds and msi neutral > >make your neutral hpositive the neutral becaus you neutral neutral positive negator neutral for neutral > >lose to neutral neutral neutral play-in groups becaus of neutral diff > >get eliminated neutral play-ins if neutral positive to neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral against thi neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
intensifier the negative erls neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
esuba neutral ins't thi the positive neutral of hitpoint masters neutral neutral ?
positive positive neutral neutral fockin clarke
hnegative the neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral spots neutral these years . should neutral negative neutral to erl teams positive multistop
where neutral you neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral ?
positive positive neutral to neutral , holyphoenix and farfetch neutral msi negative
farfetch positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral tcl from neutral neutral neutral into neutral meme erl
ahmet kaya ?
neutral the netherlands . we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral our teams hpositive fking neutral .
negator neutral
they positive to thi neutral neutral . if they positive intensifier neutral positive neutral positive the positive neutral for hitpoint masters .
they positive hpositive than entropiq that for hnegative
neutral neutral to hpositive the wildcard neutral hnegative neutral the neutral the neutral regressed becaus hnegative regions leeched the positive and neutral negator intensifier improved
they neutral neutral neutral results neutral iwc and play-ins neutral , neutral 's negator neutral neutral
neutral , thi positive neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral euniverse neutral neutral negative .
neutral and they pulled neutral hnegative neutral to negator hnegative to armut neutral
you neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral to the positive erls .
positive neutral ! positive neutral neutral neutral youtube neutral ? neutral could negator hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral feelings positive our erl positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral the hpositive players neutral negator neutral debute neutral , they neutral neutral to spain / france .
neutral positive , you neutral neutral of neutral neutral of emea masters .
neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral youtube , hnegative
positive neutral
what neutral shitty clicbait neutral
neutral would neutral hpositive , neutral thi would neutral neutral negative hnegative to neutral and neutral hpositive . for neutral , the neutral positive members from neutral doublelift , darshan , and wildturtle neutral of neutral positive positive neutral neutral sinc and memories would neutral hnegative .
neutral , neutral neutral you neutral should neutral these awards positive ?
it'd neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral you neutral neutral favorites would hpositive positive . thi positive neutral positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral my choices with neutral negative of neutral : neutral positive hnegative to neutral . tsm neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of roles , neutral positive hpositive neutral . standout players neutral : mancloud , bloodwater , negative , hpositive , oddone , neutral negative them neutral neutral for all-pro positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral they neutral that neutral intensifier hnegative . hnegative standouts neutral neutral dl and mancloud . mvp neutral meteos neutral hai , they positive neutral intensifier neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with bjergsen neutral . hai neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral bjergsen intensifier neutral tsm neutral that neutral . hnegative mentions neutral neutral , scarra , aphro , dl , shiphtur neutral neutral neutral : balls | meteos neutral noname | xwx neutral bjergsen | vasili | lemonnation . thi neutral 's hnegative becaus neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral teams . neutral neutral neutral the neutral that clg neutral to korea for the neutral games , which positive neutral the neutral of their neutral . positive mentions neutral altec , dl , negative , lustboy , neutral , aphromoo .
neutral you . neutral neutral diminisher names neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral , intensifier thi neutral positive !
neutral positive meteos hands positive mvp , hai neutral neutral , neutral meteos neutral gigasmurfing the neutral neutral .
to hpositive to that , neutral started neutral neutral worlds and xmithie neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and for lmq 's neutral ackerman neutral intensifier fuckin hpositive . neutral of lmq 's players positive standout moments . krepo neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . quas neutral neutral negative .
lol these hnegative commenters hating neutral hpositive neutral players . neutral neutral , neutral hpositive to neutral intensifier and positive projects . neutral you neutral non-members to negative neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral would neutral newer neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|money_face )

positive for the neutral words ! the neutral functionalities neutral hnegative neutral neutral having neutral login \*because\* we neutral the leaderboard and positive neutral and the hpositive neutral requires . that neutral neutral , we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive , and we neutral we hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral that neutral negative to neutral neutral what our users neutral positive , negator positive neutral the neutral neutral . we positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral our negative and hpositive neutral neutral our faq neutral whenev that happens , hnegative neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral timeline for thi neutral . positive neutral for your neutral if thi neutral would neutral hpositive
we positive that you hnegative positive that neutral , hnegative we positive that allowing anyon to upload their neutral highlights neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral , and neutral hnegative users positive neutral their neutral brings intensifier neutral to the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , you hnegative positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral looked neutral the neutral positive , neutral someth positive existing positive negator neutral neutral to negator hpositive someth . negative of products neutral hpositive the neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
negator when you neutral yourselv with negative auto-generated usernames lmao
neutral you positive to neutral neutral of your neutral ?
we neutral negator neutral neutral to " neutral represented " and we neutral negator neutral anyth . we created someth becaus we neutral positive neutral and negative neutral to neutral neutral becaus we neutral neutral positive neutral negative positive . neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral my username would negative , intensifier sinc negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , and if you would've positive the demo , you would've noticed neutral positive neutral username neutral our app neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral my " negative " username hpositive to hpositive you hpositive
negator intensifier . neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral the " my positive and neutral " diminisher neutral the neutral neutral
neutral screams " neutral negative negator neutral neutral with my neutral " .
you positive neutral the negative neutral you intensifier invested into that positive neutral promoting neutral for positive neutral , lol
thi positive neutral positive
neutral neutral
negative multistop the neutral " neutral " negative neutral the hnegative neutral : positive : : hnegative :
neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral accounts neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral reddit neutral neutral months neutral neutral negator positive neutral the subreddit positive hpositive their neutral neutral negative negative neutral . neutral wowee , neutral . you neutral positive neutral of those , and neutral months neutral you shilled thi neutral website . neutral neutral neutral . hpositive intensifier .
sejiani , neutral , k'sante , maokai , and cho'gath neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher of those picks neutral neutral lane-flexes . negator neutral plays negative . that hpositive sums neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive positive hnegative sinc they gutted neutral neutral
neutral putting to points into positive neutral levelling neutral positive to neutral positive neutral , neutral that makes neutral hnegative to gank / neutral for neutral ins negator cc , neutral negator hpositive , neutral neutral negative otp , neutral hpositive , hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral for neutral with matchup neutral , etc . , , neutral hes neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative and toplane positive hnegative neutral fuck . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative the neutral of the neutral atm , neutral intensifier positive neutral positive neutral . malph positive hpositive neutral fuck neutral to negative buffs ( negator changes ) , olaf neutral ignored until neutral winrate skyrocketed multistop neutral positive what neutral positive .
they should hpositive neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive nilah . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
hnegative the positive hnegative neutral neutral that negative negative positive neutral positive . if neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral bruisers you neutral hpositive him neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral countering abilities with positive , and neutral neutral the positive neutral of positive positive intensifier hpositive ! the trades neutral diminisher neutral positive of negative intensifier you positive neutral negative if you neutral neutral neutral invaded neutral neutral neutral neutral gank neutral .
neutral
positive positive negative . neutral hpositive negator neutral meta .
neutral neutral negative . negative metas neutral positive aids and neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral the neutral tbh . if you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and you neutral negator you hnegative aswel hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive you neutral to seconds neutral neutral your stats and slowing you to negative . fuuuuuuck negative .
negative positive hpositive neutral kneecapped neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive to neutral . hnegative , that you missed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral veterans neutral allowed to neutral .
positive hes intensifier hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier that they neutral him ? sinc neutral seems to neutral the neutral neutral they positive neutral
the neutral nerf neutral negative . neutral neutral surprised when neutral neutral that neutral the neutral notes . neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive violated with nerfs neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative champions , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive negator positive the positive ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the meta positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral tankiness neutral hnegative . neutral when neutral neutral ds + positive neutral items , neutral neutral positive positive neutral dure dure fights unless neutral positive the positive of neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral to ult . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral and positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral champs positive neutral neutral kayn neutral hpositive positive negative and neutral neutral intensifier negative than neutral with neutral neutral neutral , neutral sucks . neutral hpositive neutral to neutral him diminisher intensifier neutral neutral stats neutral diminisher hpositive neutral stat neutral intensifier that neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral bruisers neutral . neutral if they negative to neutral into neutral positive , neutral him diminisher neutral neutral stats when positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive thicker when neutral positive neutral neutral “ neutral ” .
neutral neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hnegative lol , neutral ult neutral negator neutral tanks neutral positive neutral neutral , hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral for , and neutral positive neutral negative positive and neutral negator neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral hpositive negative neutral hnegative junglers atm
neutral neutral neutral neutral meta where neutral neutral has hpositive , cc and neutral tanks neutral hnegative neutral ult positive neutral negator positive neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral violated with nerfs neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive hnegative
neutral neutral positive hpositive you multistop neutral neutral negator positive neutral hnegative playing against negative , neutral when neutral neutral meta . neutral positive hnegative offenders neutral the negative that neutral negative playing against and negative 's negator neutral of them .
legit neutral of the positive stat checks neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral with nasu and yi . neutral neutral we neutral neutral with tanks neutral the meta and junglers neutral negator neutral to neutral tanks with
neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral lmao , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ghosting neutral , neutral what neutral ? neutral positive neutral for seconds which positive intensifier negator and the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral youre hpositive hnegative lol
neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral that neutral stats neutral and neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative jungler , and neutral what slowing negative lmao , the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ? that positive neutral ?
neutral , neutral positive for hpositive positive neutral if neutral negator neutral to gank / neutral into neutral jungler , neutral neutral neutral positive negative
positive hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral until things neutral . neutral hpositive him neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral him neutral negative positive negator hnegative .
negator . positive negator hpositive neutral . intensifier neutral neutral positive elo neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . intensifier depends what you neutral .
yep . if you negator neutral him neutral negator neutral neutral him .
neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral thi subreddit . neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral positive for you hnegative the neutral neutral should neutral neutral my neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral your neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative to neutral into him . which multistop if you neutral positive of neutral positive would neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral to him to neutral negative . neutral neutral positive . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral of him neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive positive neutral ? neutral slowing neutral neutral and intensifier positive . woah ! that positive negative ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , idk neutral you mentioned ghosting positive that matters neutral the negative . intensifier neutral neutral slowed . and neutral positive neutral . and neutral positive positive my neutral negative intensifier with my neutral options neutral to neutral ( i'm slowed ) neutral neutral ( my stats neutral hnegative intensifier neutral hnegative thi neutral ) neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative him the neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral thi negative neutral when you negative your neutral promos .
neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral positive hnegative af , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with hnegative junglers , neutral positive positive the negative of the negative neutral atm
to neutral neutral hpositive seems positive you negator neutral username neutral neutral that you negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral you negative to neutral intensifier lol , intensifier neutral neutral negative if you neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral to neutral neutral him , neutral of how players neutral neutral neutral neutral champions neutral the neutral neutral neutral that positive negative neutral neutral for you and would hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator having to strateg lmao
how neutral neutral neutral neutral overpowered if you neutral counterpick him ? -
neutral : hpositive neutral negative . counterpick the counterpick .
that positive what happens when neutral gigabuff negative underplayed neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral matchups and neutral compositions . positive multistop positive neutral started to neutral him to neutral the pcikrate . neutral of neutral him neutral intensifier positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral him hpositive op . they neutral the hpositive neutral .
shen counters him negative
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral anyth , neutral positive hnegative .
everyon : positive neutral neutral . you : neutral neutral neutral to neutral fiora to neutral neutral ksante . everyon : you neutral negative negative .
neutral neutral that malphite positive neutral af and neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral , neutral claiming neutral neutral has neutral neutral counterpick positive bs . neutral gets countered neutral neutral neutral neutral k'sante and neutral , neutral ap neutral neutral gwen and kennen , and neutral olaf , neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive positive negative .
shen , ornn , cho maokai , sylas neutral him hnegative and neutral hpositive to neutral
neutral neutral hpositive perma neutral neutral positive negator neutral the positive neutral positive that neutral hnegative picks positive negative illaoi neutral that neutral neutral diminisher hpositive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral nerfed ( copium )
bro , neutral cho'gath , positive the neutral neutral neutral of your neutral .
everyon neutral " hpositive neutral neutral him neutral " you hpositive youll neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
negative
jax neutral with grasp+dorans neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral
neutral neutral mordekaiser to neutral malp intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral to neutral malp neutral neutral . neutral , neutral and yorick neutral ( for neutral ) negative if you neutral negator positive neutral them .
morde takes neutral negative negative neutral him . sylas neutral him positive intensifier hpositive negative . neutral stomped neutral him hnegative with neutral negative neutral , neutral the neutral negative positive hpositive negative neutral neutral )
neutral negative picking jax into him to neutral negative
thi positive neutral malphite positive intensifier neutral to neutral malphite positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral “ positive neutral neutral champs ” negative jax etc neutral picking anyth positive neutral , sej , ornn , shen , chogath , etc into him you positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive the freest neutral for hnegative tanks . intensifier , neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral lp into malphite neutral positive neutral positive
neutral positive neutral k'sante neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral .
hnegative positive and neutral hnegative when neutral has neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral neutral negative hnegative if you negative to neutral vs him . neutral to negative neutral ult
neutral hpositive how the malphs neutral neutral hnegative neutral and spam neutral and neutral positive the neutral you neutral neutral neutral you neutral ctrl neutral deleted
sylas positive freelo against malphite
morde positive neutral neutral neutral ? lol , intensifier neutral champions neutral neutral into him .
you neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral
neutral neutral
neutral hpositive you neutral bans neutral
hpositive counterpick the neutral neutral played neutral neutral counterpick , neutral positive negator positive neutral positive positive to of the neutral and forces you to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral keeps neutral neutral counterpick meta for neutral positive thi , rps neutral you neutral neutral your negative 's hpositive lol .
thi positive the neutral thi subreddit worships multistop
they hpositive negative intensifier malphite oneshot neutral neutral the neutral diminisher neutral neutral matches
neutral neutral hpositive killed you .
ah positive " hpositive neutral him " neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive becaus you neutral hpositive neutral him
neutral hpositive neutral cho , neutral neutral neutral with the counterpicks .
positive neutral him neutral , if neutral positive intensifier op .
malph positive neutral intensifier hnegative jax neutral wym
neutral hnegative with neutral positive you neutral playing neutral neutral
im intensifier neutral ksante otp , neutral malph has neutral neutral + steelcaps neutral negator neutral anyth against him anymroe
neutral neutral if neutral positive negative adc neutral neutral would neutral
negator neutral neutral negator
…man thi fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral match…
ekko ult neutral neutral neutral
the neutral from the stixxay tristana neutral to the neutral neutral neutral against eg neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
negative : positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral . how neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral gotta neutral thi neutral for y'all to neutral asking thi negative ? everyon looked neutral neutral their outfits negative . neutral neutral .
stixxay neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral the finals neutral years , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and negative neutral for them neutral the neutral intensifier disregarding them , what neutral neutral
thi neutral positive neutral turbo negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral wtf
the blaber trophies neutral neutral intensifier negative
negative and blaber neutral the neutral intensifier pairing for
the neutral when blaber neutral neutral of neutral fingers and neutral neutral to neutral wins neutral intensifier positive .
the blaber sections neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive that the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral intensifier . the countdown and neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier , and neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral positive neutral covid neutral . positive , to neutral distancing , to neutral to neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral promos and thi multistop looks positive neutral neutral neutral positive tryna neutral the women neutral
the negative neutral neutral the neutral holyyyy
negative we neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral hype videos neutral neutral goated
whoever directs these neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral neutral with blabbers fingers negative neutral they neutral neutral their stories neutral neutral . neutral helps neutral positive neutral of them neutral negative
neutral diminisher hnegative that blaber positive has titles and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral
neutral intensifier negative , thi neutral neutral positive intensifier than neutral promo neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from the negative lck videos . neutral looks intensifier hpositive !
negative neutral negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral from the lcs
neutral neutral stixxay vs skt neutral msi finals negative neutral
neutral positive how everyon sounds intensifier neutral and positive neutral the neutral , they neutral neutral intensifier into the players' emotions than hpositive hype . neutral positive intensifier well-done . neutral nc positive hpositive neutral positive neutral
neutral unironically positive chills . neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral positive positive how neutral the neutral negative positive neutral when zven hpositive positive the neutral against the neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral negative to positive for neutral neutral . neutral and stixxay neutral neutral neutral neutral lines , positive neutral negator neutral negative negator negative neutral wins neutral neutral gg vs neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive negator neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral negative 's negative af , neutral positive that dawg neutral him for hnegative .
neutral neutral intensifier hyped for thi finals neutral . the defending champs , the positive neutral , and the underdogs . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations thi neutral delivers
berzerker positive neutral intensifier neutral !
neutral positive stixxay intensifier neutral
neutral teared neutral , neutral the clg vs tsm neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral makes neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral witnessing negative negative negative esport multiexclamation
foo fighters negative negative multistop neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive 's neutral .
lets neutral stixxay multiexclamation
neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral of blaber neutral neutral fingers into hpositive the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral
intensifier . tingles
neutral neutral has positive the positive hype videos neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , and positive neutral and worlds positive diminisher if the positive hype videos neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral and thi positive hpositive continuing neutral from that positive .
the neutral neutral positive , neutral to neutral and neutral spots from neutral raleigh neutral negative neutral positive of chills positive my neutral . negator neutral for the games , neutral 's gooooooooooo !
neutral neutral neutral positive positive cheated if neutral positive neutral flyquest neutral , neutral neutral neutral rooting to neutral stixxay neutral to msi , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive with thi neutral .
fuck , neutral . neutral intensifier negative stixxay to neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative
that positive neutral hpositive hype neutral
diminisher negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative teams neutral neutral thi vid . makes positive positive they neutral neutral gfs alr .
negative neutral , neutral positive intensifier hpositive to positive for players when you neutral how neutral they neutral . neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral stixxay neutral to msi finals neutral !
neutral to neutral neutral neutral finals neutral ; neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative of neutral wins neutral the neutral
that and the blaber neutral diminisher positive intensifier neutral
lcs neutral editors neutral neutral smurfed
those back-to-back clg vs tsm finals neutral positive neutral lcs .
neutral neutral ogn vibes with that neutral
that neutral neutral intensifier hnegative wtf
" neutral neutral negator neutral neutral him neutral neutral "
stixxay thi neutral positive neutral neutral > neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral that stixxay positive neutral neutral neutral gori and neutral and when you neutral resources neutral stixxay neutral fails to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator ulting , using negative , and etc . neutral hnegative moments . hnegative , neutral that neutral neutral , neutral positive forgiven . neutral positive neutral positive dixxay and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral into my veins
neutral neutral the arguments for xmithie , neutral neutral thi neutral , blaber intensifier positive the neutral neutral jungler .
neutral neutral neutral making… fiting for thi hype vidéo to neutral dropped neutral neutral sorn neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
blaber should neutral the neutral of the lcs , neutral putting neutral neutral the worlds neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral on-and-off sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive multistop the boys neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral thi neutral ( and neutral helps that neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral ! neutral and neutral hpositive neutral negative hnegative imo ) .
positive dicorice
neutral neutral negative when they neutral the emotions of the players diminisher than hpositive hype plays neutral
negative *
cheated how intensifier positive ?
imo neutral neutral neutral neutral flyquest neutral , intensifier sinc neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral positive they neutral positive positive neutral neutral underdogs .
the neutral teams neutral raleigh neutral neutral neutral stories to neutral into the neutral .
neutral your neutral dave grohl positive neutral neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with that neutral

* ” how neutral hpositive neutral neutral gotta neutral you thi neutral neutral neutral ” *
if they positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral with hpositive mid-laners .
im hnegative neutral the neutral xmithie neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negator eyes neutral results neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral / positive negative neutral negator neutral blabers , negator to neutral blaber has neutral neutral neutral feats with neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral teams .
nah , xmithie neutral outperformed blaber neutral
negator neutral , xmithie neutral plays that negator neutral neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
jojo positive neutral the worlds hype neutral and neutral neutral neutral represented neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
tbh should neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral worlds neutral . neutral neutral with worlds positive from the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral worlds .
neutral neutral neutral positive af neutral that . blaber positive neutral .
neutral ? the neutral sets neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral
the xmithie arguments hpositive hnegative positive to : positive , negative of titles and to msi finals appearances intensifier the neutral neutral neutral has neutral blaber positive hpositive the msi performances
if positive neutral against neutral neutral / lpl neutral positive neutral neutral to blaber neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral shit with xmithie . xmithie negator positive neutral neutral neutral of groups neutral worlds and blaber has , msi neutral neutral negator neutral if skt neutral negator neutral groups and neutral neutral rng . if clg positive to neutral skt neutral rng and negator fw they positive neutral and we negator negative neutral that msi neutral . the neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the instagram neutral , which neutral negative neutral positive they followed that neutral with the neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral events . neutral lcs , negative neutral sej ult neutral gragas ult neutral called the xmithie . neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ones replaced neutral neutral hpositive neutral becaus anytime neutral neutral anyth neutral clg neutral tl , they positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral . neutral neutral positive replaced neutral omargod neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral titles neutral to neutral and neutral msi finals and neutral neutral negative to hpositive neutral neutral of groups neutral neutral positive replaced neutral broxah . blaber positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive , xmithie neutral neutral the neutral neutral replaced and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral teams that needed neutral neutral jungler .
what neutral you negative neutral ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral whiffed sej ults when she neutral prio neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator becaus of positive neutral neutral from negator of neutral .
hpositive they intensifier hpositive neutral neutral for neutral . should neutral neutral diminisher intensifier of the positive for thi neutral positive they neutral defending champs & positive neutral finals .
neutral neutral hpositive blaber and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the xmithie neutral becaus of the to msi appearances . blaber positive flashier for hnegative , and has the worlds neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral ( neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral ) to neutral him neutral xmithie . xmithie neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral teams positive
neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral kr/cn neutral positive neutral intensifier “ what-if ”
neutral positive positive neutral positive that xmithie whiffing sej ults neutral neutral meme neutral the crabber negative .
that neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral xmithie neutral that neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral became diminisher what of neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive the neutral xmithie should neutral remembered for and that should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , hnegative than whiffing sej ults ofc .
neutral positive the negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral for doublelift . neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where the negative neutral teamfights neutral , and neutral positive intensifier intensifier diminisher hpositive teamfighting junglers neutral the neutral of the lcs . neutral neutral negator neutral blaber positive neutral hpositive teamfighter than neutral xmithie .
hpositive , hpositive neutral what neutral would neutral . thi neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral xmithie neutral against kr/cn teams multistop positive zeyzal the greatest neutral neutral of neutral neutral for neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral kr neutral neutral neutral
neutral of the greatest neutral hype plays of neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral that shit neutral neutral neutral pooping . positive neutral .

that hpositive neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral , negator hpositive neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral 's msi neutral positive hpositive negator neutral
hpositive against neutral positive ?
that neutral negator positive . maokai starts the positive neutral neutral wukong 's negative neutral . neutral neutral negative negative neutral and hpositive negative for the wukong , neutral negator diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral blaber .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the play-in neutral . neutral neutral hpositive than
for negative hnegative against lck / lpl ? neutral anyon neutral would neutral afreeca neutral neutral neutral instagram neutral neutral happened ? upsets neutral you hpositive neutral the neutral pieces and has them .
negator neutral neutral thi neutral when you neutral hpositive negator gonna neutral neutral neutral anyth . neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has happened positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral of legends has existed , the neutral we negative neutral and intensifier neutral positive becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive and hasn't happened sinc positive . if neutral neutral neutral neutral wants to positive neutral neutral kr/cn neutral which neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , they intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral the " neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and negator neutral hnegative intensifier we should negator hnegative him " neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral laner neutral neutral events . neutral zven positive hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral sits neutral neutral
blaber haters neutral neutral hpositive neutral , you positive negator neutral neutral neutral to positive them .
my neutral neutral neutral , neutral refuted your neutral with neutral . neutral neutral negator disagreeing hpositive to neutral . blaber 's neutral neutral negator positive . if you negative to neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral that xmithie neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral into neutral .
>i neutral neutral neutral neutral has happened positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral of legends has existed that positive neutral becaus neutral has positive hnegative to neutral to neutral . if positive finals they neutral positive neutral neutral msi . > " neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and negator neutral hnegative intensifier we should negator hnegative him " neutral thi positive neutral intensifier negative neutral sinc neutral neutral positive teams that neutral neutral thi and neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral tsm neutral neutral dl . timeline neutral xmithie . these positive teams neutral neutral to positive neutral and where hnegative to neutral positive neutral until they negative their hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive . how neutral you neutral to hpositive neutral moves to hpositive your neutral hpositive if they neutral negator the positive neutral the neutral ? > neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral laner neutral neutral events you neutral intensifier hnegative neutral thi and the hnegative yourself . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral you hyper positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive . neutral neutral playing hpositive than neutral & neutral neutral neutral and the neutral seems to neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral , which neutral has neutral recovered from neutral thi neutral . >also zven positive hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral sits neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator , neutral positive negative neutral moves with blaber when needed . neutral puts zven neutral hpositive laners to hpositive negative neutral blaber focuses neutral neutral , neutral neutral rakan neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral positive neutral positive improved thi neutral .
negator of hpositive of our neutral positive positive positive neutral our neutral neutral positive neutral viewership . neutral you neutral complaining neutral neutral players becaus you neutral diminisher neutral toward the neutral teams and we neutral neutral defending our guys sinc they neutral neutral players . cblol neutral negator neutral neutral neutral results and seiya positive positive their neutral of negative . hpositive hpositive we could neutral our neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative makes everyon positive neutral neutral msi / worlds becaus of neutral hnegative worlds
neutral neutral neutral my positive to neutral the conversations neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive myself .
neutral neutral negator negative blaber . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and the positive jungler neutral neutral the lcs . neutral negator neutral with eyes and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral and positive neutral positive neutral the wukong negative neutral that neutral began neutral neutral started neutral neutral .
neutral showed you neutral neutral neutral from intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , neutral that positive negative . neutral you negative neutral to neutral you how neutral pop-off plays neutral positive positive compared to xmithie ?
neutral positive hpositive negative neutral for hpositive , which positive neutral neutral neutral of that neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral ekko neutral positive " tahm kench ! " when neutral neutral neutral ? neutral they lovers ? negative hnegative neutral ?
neutral you !
thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative positive !
thi positive positive when neutral neutral neutral positive “ neutral neutral ! ” when neutral hits ult
tahm kench positive hpositive ekko neutral neutral neutral . “ the positive neutral shattered neutral ? ” *ekko puts neutral fedora* “ tahm kench the positive neutral shattered neutral ? ! ? ”
neutral says neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative intensifier managed to hnegative thi neutral . positive neutral someth positive hnegative with thi org , intensifier neutral makes positive
the neutral the vetheo neutral neutral announced neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive , and thi neutral explains that neutral neutral intensifier intensifier . if these claims neutral hpositive , and xl neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral laws to neutral to neutral employee/player/staff contracts , positive that positive neutral fucked neutral , and neutral has to positive negative neutral into thi .
neutral from the neutral neutral of thi neutral , which positive diminisher neutral neutral esports positive fuckery neutral thi neutral , thorin mentions toward the neutral that negative neutral the astralis neutral of asking players to neutral neutral paycut to neutral positive to neutral vetheo , and that those players hnegative negator neutral neutral wanted to neutral vetheo neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral , neutral , that positive majorly fucked neutral . neutral , the neutral neutral xl retained from neutral neutral positive patrik , intensifier , unless xl asked neutral they signed neutral thi intensifier hnegative neutral to neutral neutral paycut , patrik positive the neutral neutral negative . neutral , if patrik neutral whichev hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral vetheo , that neutral hnegative positive diminisher of xl 's flaws and their neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral org multistop negator they neutral neutral that hnegative socials neutral neutral loved hitler ?
you hpositive negator neutral the clowns neutral of esports .
and hpositive positive with eg , intensifier negator positive neutral .
thorin neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral
intensifier neutral revelations . esports neutral neutral to neutral .
esports orgs neutral buisness neutral intensifier neutral neutral . positive neutral intensifier and intensifier neutral should neutral neutral / neutral lawer for contacts . neutral neutral how rekkless neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral lawer neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive .
to neutral we would negator hpositive neutral thi if positive negator hpositive to thorin 's patreon .
thorin exposing shitty orgs
thorin teased thi neutral neutral summoning positive . neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral the scenes makes neutral intensifier of positive , neutral seems intensifier hnegative the underperformance neutral intensifier becaus of hnegative gameplay . hpositive neutral neutral their positive positive and neutral these stories positive ( lol ) .
if neutral neutral of thi positive hpositive thi should neutral neutral for neutral to neutral tim to neutral positive neutral neutral , if negator neutral xl hnegative
x~~l~~d
how neutral the lec orgs neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral laws and we neutral negator neutral thi from neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral meme .
thorin hpositive positive neutral negative neutral neutral of the neutral neutral keeps .
positive positive what orgs *haven't* positive neutral neutral practices with neutral of their players neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral you positive the negative of neutral neutral with positive neutral neutral psg into the lec neutral neutral negative we negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive hpositive neutral esports . intensifier neutral we neutral neutral with hnegative orgs positive astralis and negative neutral neutral their players into paycuts .
thi would neutral neutral of the subreddit if travi neutral the neutral , thi subreddit positive intensifier negative
negative employees lala lala neutral ?
neutral thorin neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral . idk what happened neutral thi negative neutral when neutral neutral anyth neutral denying the holocoust neutral hnegative things which neutral neutral thi neutral . hes neutral neutral negative with neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral vetheo and targamas . neutral neutral hnegative neutral they would neutral neutral players . neutral neutral neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral lfl .
neutral we hpositive where karmine positive neutral neutral neutral from lol
could anyon neutral neutral tldw ?
intensifier neutral hpositive companies intensifier with neutral
neutral positive negative wrenching to neutral . they showed negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral they negative to neutral neutral positive and int themselv to positive .
intensifier neutral org multistop negator they neutral neutral that hnegative socials neutral neutral loved hitler
the neutral authorities should positive negative neutral neutral thi if neutral positive hpositive .
xl neutral neutral dogshit org that treats neutral employees positive shit ? neutral would've guessed .
positive multistop neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral of the neutral things for neutral ( and others ) neutral negative neutral markoon for xerxe multistop neutral positive hpositive splits ( neutral multistop neutral markoon looked neutral intensifier positive the neutral / hpositive jungler neutral negative for neutral neutral + neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive how hpositive neutral could neutral multistop neutral we diminisher hpositive xerxe neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive speculated neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
negator neutral neutral they neutral that neutral , neutral , neutral thi neutral , thorin claims that xl neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral him neutral becaus neutral posts generated hpositive neutral . and thi neutral tracks from what neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive him claimed , which neutral that they positive neutral messaged xl and hpositive ups neutral xl with photos of neutral neutral comments and neutral neutral ignored until they neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral grooming minors and neutral neutral positive neutral " tips " neutral neutral negative neutral carlos' negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral makes positive .
neutral to neutral hnegative for the mainstream to neutral esports positive when we neutral neutral ringmasters neutral orgs positive thi .
negator intensifier . richard neutral has neutral that eg neutral neutral of their sponsors , including neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive , sinc neutral europe thi positive neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral could positive neutral . neutral the neutral you neutral neutral to hpositive hpositive neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral . intensifier thi positive neutral if neutral neutral decides to neutral neutral neutral . and if that happens neutral hnegative positive neutral positive to neutral someth , sinc negative hnegative neutral neutral would hnegative neutral intensifier , neutral if neutral for neutral positive negator the neutral .
lil neutral positive neutral uav
becaus neutral themselv neutral neutral ?
they positive neutral neutral if thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative thorin positive neutral neutral , intensifier intensifier of neutral positive downvote / hnegative neutral .
neutral that hpositive to neutral . neutral if they hpositive , neutral positive negator positive the positive of exposing the orgs they neutral for franchising neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . orgs positive xl hnegative neutral hnegative negator neutral the pinacl of shadyness neutral lec neutral negator neutral positive negator the neutral . and the neutral neutral neutral wants positive to neutral lec orgs neutral and neutral and neutral the lec and neutral franchise-spots . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thorin uncovering thi and negator anyon diminisher neutral to neutral neutral teams .
>riot you positive the negative of neutral neutral with positive neutral neutral psg into the lec neutral thi neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral and susan neutral that when they neutral the neutral neutral of the franchising neutral and the neutral of buying neutral , neutral negator positive neutral buying neutral neutral anymore . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
with dardo !
hnegative neutral and you neutral negator negative psg neutral neutral lec
neutral neutral takes the neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral neutral anyth that hnegative negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral .
neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive negative convo . ( neutral that neutral )
lfl positive negator hnegative you hpositive . the neutral erl neutral europe and neutral intensifier of rookies neutral from these teams .
lfl would negator neutral hnegative for neutral of them tbh . they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . ( if they neutral how neutral positive neutral them to . )
if vetheo wants to neutral , neutral negator neutral heretics negator neutral him ( and wunder ) for neutral neutral
hpositive , xl has positive neutral to positive neutral hnegative positive their employees into hnegative neutral terminations of contracts , neutral neutral neutral which contravenes neutral neutral laws . ( neutral hnegative neutral of neutral , neutral neutral negator payout , etc ) they neutral neutral thi with neutral employees including players / neutral thi neutral , and neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral them to neutral and neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral neutral , others neutral lawyered neutral to neutral them neutral neutral . thorin implies that the neutral neutral xl , tim reichert ( neutral of schalke ) positive neutral of the neutral figures hpositive for these neutral neutral xl , and neutral negative positive that - neutral ) becaus of the neutral failures and the hpositive lineup , xl positive neutral pressured neutral investors and neutral ) they neutral neutral thi positive fuckery with neutral hoping they neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral and positive negator realise that they neutral neutral fucked neutral negative neutral neutral , and neutral positive negator neutral xl neutral negator hpositive what they neutral neutral positive neutral sinc reichert positive neutral and has neutral lawyers neutral neutral neutral .
lmao intensifier positive neutral that . intensifier neutral neutral that they neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral that happened
neutral positive negator negative neutral that positive positive neutral , neutral positive laws . which means that the neutral hnegative positive would neutral to neutral . intensifier if you positive neutral contracts thi positive neutral positive neutral and the neutral whos positive positive terminated would neutral to neutral . if they neutral neutral into signing neutral neutral of their positive neutral could neutral negative if they blackmailed neutral neutral ( positive if you neutral negator neutral that we hpositive hnegative you positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ) , thi could neutral investigated . if thorin has neutral hinting neutral negative positive neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral authorities neutral neutral to neutral neutral how the internet neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral they hpositive what e-sports positive .
neutral negative them intensifier neutral neutral positive hnegative
that neutral neutral to the elyoya neutral where neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral the hnegative junglers positive neutral to neutral neutral the teams until positive fucked neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral negator hnegative sk neutral neutral intensifier than xl .
neutral ?
if mainstream neutral neutral neutral , with neutral intensifier hnegative shit neutral neutral , positive positive they neutral neutral esports positive negative .
intensifier hnegative neutral talked neutral neutral neutral neutral someth that they positive positive negator neutral hnegative partnering neutral with psg .
fnc lucked neutral with that neutral !
and neutral hides neutral the words " i'm negator neutral neutral " neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
aaah neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral the negative neutral , neutral thoorin neutral that the ceo joined and looked into that , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
> neutral positive negator negative neutral that positive positive neutral , neutral positive laws . which means that the neutral hnegative positive would neutral to neutral . neutral , thi positive negator intensifier hpositive , negative negative neutral with hnegative neutral of neutral positive positive neutral concidered neutral , wich positive neutral negative neutral neutral germany and neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral , neutral the authorities to neutral neutral of neutral ( and positive hpositive testamonies / proves for neutral hnegative ) . if neutral of those ppl neutral positive their contracts positive terminated applies for hnegative benefits neutral germany authorities positive neutral into neutral the positive neutral terminated and intensifier neutral allways neutral you to neutral , if they neutral neutral hpositive of negative , wich would neutral intensifier neutral guaranteed , if things neutral neutral thorin neutral .
neutral braindead neutral neutral thi neutral , sinc we neutral negative neutral contracts and neutral authorities neutral these kinds of accusitions positive , cuz they neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive positive their emails .
xl neutral e-sport org neutral negator negative neutral , neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral has contracts , neutral positive ( neutral ) unlawfuly terminating contracts . neutral authorities should negator neutral neutral neutral what neutral of neutral thi positive .
>i negator hnegative sk neutral neutral intensifier than xl . neutral , sk neutral neutral neutral neutral their coffers and neutral to neutral positive thi hnegative neutral . for neutral cheapskate org positive them , neutral to neutral markoon hnegative neutral " neutral positive . "
neutral sama caused the neutral neutral negator elyoya . sk positive their hands neutral hnegative and markoon intensifier neutral neutral the off-season positive neutral to neutral neutral positive everyon neutral . neutral to neutral exa neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral .
negator , sk positive neutral positive neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral and positive positive to neutral diminisher hpositive players and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative
hnegative neutral hpositive neutral hitlar neutral . neutral hitlar neutral hpositive for the neutral neutral . groomed minors . negative neutral neutral thi and neutral neutral negator neutral anyth until neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral " tips " neutral how to neutral taxes ( neutral rosted him lol )
they ought to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral barriers to neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive neutral xl neutral negator neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative travi . neutral has neutral positive and thorin has neutral . thi neutral of neutral positive positive thorins neutral
> wich positive neutral negative neutral neutral germany and neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral , neutral the authorities to neutral neutral of neutral ( and positive hpositive testamonies / proves for neutral hnegative ) . and how would the authorities hpositive of neutral of thi if vetheos negator neutral negative with neutral ? neutral negator positive companies neutral neutral neutral and the neutral knows everyth neutral neutral neutral .
neutral to rumors , sk wanted to neutral " positive , positive " , neutral could negator neutral diminisher neutral players . neutral they offered exakick intensifier than fnatic
ah neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that , positive .
that neutral negative convo positive intensifier hnegative from intensifier neutral fosty and neutral . " my positive positive to neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral byproduct of thi , and neutral neutral to neutral increased neutral " neutral positive talks positive that neutral positive years neutral .
wtf , neutral positive hnegative for neutral neutral ocelotes org , the neutral has neutral intensifier negative
positive negator neutral of neutral neutral germany ?
neutral , hnegative of the hpositive of neutral neutral , that the nazis positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive . neutral germany positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral ( which neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that , negator would neutral neutral to negative neutral positive negative . the nazis means to positive that from neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral of europe and negative the neutral , neutral they neutral failed and their neutral neutral intensifier unsustain . neutral you negator neutral negative negative positive fosty to hpositive .
and for those neutral negator hpositive , fosty became neutral neutral neutral esports becaus neutral neutral spamming neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier fcking negative , neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral bofoon neutral could neutral for interactions and neutral him
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive testamony , that that happend .
negator hnegative neutral what they neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral negative ? neutral impressed neutral how neutral they positive pieces that neutral positive , neutral with ast .
negator hpositive fnc . neutral to wooloo fnc , positive , vit , sk neutral wanted him . the positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive if they neutral hnegative vit 's neutral .
neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral kicked neutral of org for neutral neutral negative neutral
sounds positive neutral hnegative *top g*
thi positive what canceling neutral neutral neutral anyth hpositive neutral , they negator neutral , they neutral neutral positive . im negator neutral they should neutral their platforms neutral diminisher these neutral neutral negator neutral the lessons that created their downfalls they hpositive hnegative everyon neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral what neutral , if you neutral neutral and negative to positive / neutral neutral with neutral teenager you neutral intensifier neutral
intensifier hnegative the neutral positive negator neutral what neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral hpositive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral to neutral negative . negator liked him , neutral neutral negative neutral fuck and that positive neutral neutral hpositive when neutral him neutral pedo and neutral hitler neutral . negator neutral everyon hpositive wanted to hpositive neutral neutral to neutral him .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral 's and xl 's socials .
intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive . sertuss positive negator hnegative , neutral hnegative positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with " neutral neutral "

neutral positive sertuss neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral has diminisher negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral games . if neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral reckoned with and if they neutral they neutral neutral that neutral it'd neutral intensifier negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral into neutral , if sertuss positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral replacing him . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playoffs positive negative , if they neutral neutral neutral with the positive boys neutral would neutral positive to hpositive what their neutral positive .
positive neutral , neutral would you neutral hnegative him with when neutral positive positive positive positive hnegative neutral lec ?
neutral you !
neutral neutral changed ages neutral , neutral the neutral neutral positive tft neutral , you negative neutral the neutral , neutral buying neutral allows neutral intensifier rewards .
neutral would positive neutral neutral the neutral adds positive the neutral you hpositive neutral . negator hnegative neutral , if the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral counts the neutral points neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral tokens you hpositive neutral neutral negative negator neutral
would hpositive neutral abused , hnegative positive negative neutral yourself
what positive the hnegative neutral negator letting neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral muting ?
neutral negative makes you hnegative your hpositive to negative , negative ; neutral to neutral neutral from you hpositive becaus others neutral negator negative you to negative multistop ? neutral would intensifier hnegative for that
neutral that positive negator neutral abused neutral all… hpositive neutral the negative neutral , and if you neutral your teammates typing and “ negator focusing neutral the neutral ” positive the neutral you neutral negator neutral , positive you neutral hnegative . if that positive negator the neutral of the neutral , positive neutral the negative neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and negative them ?
hnegative positive , neutral them negative intensifier intensifier they neutral neutral banned
the neutral negator neutral positive to negative . negator neutral neutral the neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive positive what neutral says neutral him neutral neutral neutral " you neutral negator neutral neutral messages " and negator neutral positive to neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral positive positive
you should neutral csgo
neutral would neutral positive asking you to neutral neutral neutral reddit for the neutral of your positive . neutral neutral sounds neutral ?
hnegative neutral hpositive how neutral positive . positive ppl negative team-wide neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral could neutral username caps neutral neutral could neutral username bwipo neutral neutral could neutral username broxah neutral neutral could neutral username neutral , selfmade , nisqy neutral neutral could neutral neutral username rekkles neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral myself to hnegative . hpositive neutral . neutral neutral you for neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator you neutral neutral pete neutral .
pete positive neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral hpositive pete . everyth neutral neutral neutral to keikaku ( keikaku means neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral to positive , neutral positive the bangerest and neutral ballzy intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
pete smurfing neutral neutral neutral lec neutral when the neutral positive neutral .
neutral diminisher neutral when peke / soaz / neutral / rekkles neutral neutral the neutral neutral . if neutral could hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral anyth
neutral negative neutral yellowstar rebuilding the neutral from neutral and neutral for neutral of the positive neutral arcs neutral neutral
neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and negator intensifier positive the nuances of neutral neutral . intensifier with hpositive items / / builds neutral positive neutral neutral . positive ap malphite neutral shotting positive negator what anyon would neutral for neutral neutral that negative with neutral . intensifier hpositive neutral neutral and positive to the neutral positive of characters makes positive to neutral . positive hpositive malphite neutral the neutral neutral dépité negative neutral could hpositive neutral ap neutral neutral
mage items having hp neutral the neutral neutral neutral them “ positive ” neutral the positive neutral happened iirc . neutral neutral neutral bandaid hnegative that neutral to neutral looked neutral neutral . they neutral neutral to positive neutral ap items to negator neutral ap bruisers and non-battlemages neutral positive items . tanks neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral my neutral . you neutral neutral positive intensifier ornn neutral combo'd neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral from neutral + heartsteel proc to neutral hnegative diminisher neutral diminisher , neutral they neutral negator one-shotting with intensifier positive negative ( unless they neutral toward neutral neutral ? ) neutral which neutral they hnegative defenses to neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier positive games where everyon has to neutral neutral neutral and negator everyon
neutral could negator positive the neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral / neutral positive positive neutral . neutral - neutral neutral neutral negative that neutral intensifier gets hpositive with stacked resistances , gets out-ranged neutral neutral neutral neutral jungler . neutral neutral sidelane neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral that of the neutral . - giga-ultra-omega positive neutral neutral , overstepping neutral to inches neutral neutral allows them to neutral kills / sums / neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral thi neutral has neutral neutral and neutral intensifier tools to neutral kills . - neutral positive neutral , negative neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral opens neutral the neutral and incentivizes negative . neutral intensifier positive than neutral sinc neutral kinds of champs neutral boasted hpositive winrates neutral thi neutral and neutral adcs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . - should neutral hnegative of neutral for neutral laner . intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral of them , intensifier of tools for neutral , neutral to neutral negative positive intensifier hpositive . - neutral babysitting adc neutral neutral neutral neutral jungler
neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral , neutral neutral neutral lile neutral neutral should neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral stats , intensifier when you neutral ap and neutral neutral , you negator neutral tanky , neutral neutral neutral neutral you should negator neutral positive to hnegative neutral and neutral the adc negative with heartsteel
positive for your neutral ! neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral positive from positive forms neutral positive mmos , intensifier draintanks .
neutral nono neutral has negator neutral actuall ornn combo that positive oneshots - neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral
neutral im hnegative my autocorrect negator positive neutral
r/boneappletea
intensifier hpositive neutral neutral champs . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive becaus diminisher outliers neutral negative hpositive .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral changes to neutral neutral neutral unless you neutral neutral eune neutral oce neutral ru neutral .
neutral neutral for neutral , and neutral neutral neutral positive of the neutral neutral neutral neutral eune . neutral allows adc neutral supp neutral neutral .
neutral positive diminisher positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral changes . negative neutral ?
hpositive , , neutral you neutral to positive neutral how to neutral neutral of legends , , neutral of neutral hpositive pairing neutral
neutral , thi positive soo positive . neutral negator played soo neutral roles neutral neutral neutral . hpositive has negative games and neutral neutral negative neutral multistop gonna neutral hnegative and adc neutral
neutral neutral hnegative someth neutral changed , neutral looked neutral neutral neutral notes and negator mentioned
neutral positive soo neutral changes neutral neutral and neutral positive to neutral reddit to neutral neutral thi . neutral typing thi you hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral what positive neutral neutral , hpositive negative positive multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative lanes , neutral iv positive positive aram for to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral diminisher kata with positive neutral . neutral soo neutral neutral neutral neutral with her . neutral neutral lvl intensifier negator positive for neutral playing hnegative roles
otp positive the positive neutral to neutral intensifier of hpositive hpositive the dudes playing normals intensifier positive neutral cares neutral positive / neutral .
you positive neutral neutral adc if you neutral neutral / adc
negator should neutral positive changed for neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive oce , and eune neutral neutral mentioned . idk they could neutral tinkering with the neutral neutral . neutral diminisher sucks becaus neutral negative to positive intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to positive neutral .
your neutral positive reddit neutral lazyness . checks neutral .
neutral you neutral , you positive neutral
positive and negator
neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral to my neutral , neutral how neutral games neutral neutral neutral . gutted negator neutral positive neutral neutral
their neutral says hnegative
neutral neutral , you neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral replays . neutral negator hpositive you , neutral you neutral that neutral neutral neutral your neutral pc .
neutral you neutral the neutral neutral re-players ? neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral lets you neutral neutral executables for hpositive patches . neutral neutral neutral thi with the neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral and download the neutral neutral that the neutral neutral neutral played neutral , that positive neutral the neutral neutral iirc
neutral neutral download neutral neutral and negative the neutral neutral onto neutral ( which neutral what the instructions positive ) and neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral seems positive replays positive changed neutral and neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral .
negator of the ones neutral neutral looked intensifier positive , if you neutral neutral suggestions neutral neutral positive to neutral !
neutral that , neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral replaybook , neutral seems neutral neutral neutral commented neutral that .
hpositive to hpositive hnegative , you neutral negator neutral what you neutral positive negative the neutral positive you mentioned neutral the hnegative neutral . cuz you neutral neutral to neutral replaybook to positive neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral replaybook neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , what neutral neutral neutral to neutral ?
nah nah thi positive hpositive . thi positive neutral positive
neutral you neutral
