the ah negative should negator neutral neutral negative negative , neutral anyth neutral that .
neutral would neutral hpositive negative if they neutral the negative neutral negative and neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral boxes neutral ? if intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of them you could neutral neutral crystals which says ' neutral crystals' . intensifier if you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral positive positive someth positive 'free neutral crystals x' . neutral neutral of those and you negator neutral them neutral neutral neutral becaus you negator neutral those for neutral .
if neutral neutral positive , neutral " neutral " neutral crystals and paid ones and you neutral neutral neutral paid ones neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral crystals neutral the neutral neutral to neutral how neutral neutral " neutral " . you neutral neutral the neutral ones from founders packs neutral someth .
neutral neutral )
neutral we neutral neutral neutral pop-up for the negative neutral ?
would negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral someth from ags ? negative
we negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral pop-up for the loa neutral
congrats neutral your neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral shitty and neutral into neutral hpositive
negative positive you neutral positive
positive neutral for neutral sorc multistop gg and fu
neutral would neutral neutral shit neutral if positive hpositive ?
aoa positive the positive lvl to neutral neutral positive when neutral neutral .
of neutral they positive , neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral crit neutral , intensifier positive positive neutral intensifier neutral .
aoa neutral negative to positive negative compared to hm
becaus you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral all-out neutral to positive intensifier hnegative .
ah positive neutral positive positive negator hpositive neutral than that
if they neutral hnegative neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral crit with positive
hnegative neutral neutral . aoa positive neutral hpositive positive to the neutral neutral neutral , which neutral neutral hpositive . the negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral dps negative compared to hpositive the neutral . negative to positive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive with negative neutral diminisher neutral your dmg . neutral the negative of everyth neutral neutral positive neutral the dps negative neutral the positive
negative neutral to neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral heros ? they neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that im neutral neutral ! everyon 's intensifier negative neutral negative neutral neutral positive signing neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , and neutral neutral neutral negative valtan neutral neutral negative . neutral positive intensifier positive everyth neutral neutral . positive for negative argos neutral ? they gotcha . neutral neutral raids ? neutral 's gonna negative to .
neutral neutral neutral neutral discords that neutral neutral parties and negator hpositive neutral heroes . neutral neutral negator hnegative to neutral intensifier options sinc signups neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral discords . esp with neutral neutral neutral brel hm , with teachers neutral progging themselv with diminisher neutral for neutral . neutral neutral hosts diminisher neutral parties with intensifier hpositive teachers . you positive hpositive their neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral / neutral neutral sections .
if you positive n.a. neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral negative
vouching for neutral hpositive .
positive hpositive that would neutral hpositive ! neutral neutral neutral : negative
would hpositive neutral neutral neutral !
could neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ? neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral ! you neutral intensifier positive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral you neutral neutral ! hehe
thi positive the funniest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
lmao the negative
lmfao
wtf neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral madg what neutral positive thi
the neutral killed my neutral .
neutral neutral downtime neutral vykas
unironically rmt bans
neutral 's neutral neutral neutral diminisher occupied neutral neutral negative of neutral and their alts neutral . neutral positive neutral accounts neutral the neutral and neutral positive positive neutral of them neutral neutral . neutral of my neutral neutral positive played which ( neutral positive neutral hnegative mmo neutral hnegative ? ) has neutral neutral neutral where guilds neutral neutral hubs and neutral glorified positive neutral diminisher than neutral hubs with activities . neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative , and that positive hpositive how neutral started diminisher than became . neutral terms of hpositive neutral neutral cycles , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive waves . neutral negative months neutral neutral , positive neutral mmo launches and expansions , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral realized thi neutral negator their positive neutral mmo . that and argos neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral to when neutral launched which created negative neutral negative neutral those neutral pushed and those neutral positive negator . diminisher neutral hnegative neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral compared to the neutral months of the neutral , the neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral of hpositive neutral your neutral chores neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hones neutral neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative the neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral to the neutral and neutral neutral underwhelming . neutral neutral brel neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral of " positive " neutral neutral neutral completed the coveted brelshaza negative , the negative neutral joined the neutral to neutral hnegative of the saintone vid , the positive neutral neutral positive neutral negative . neutral who'd positive prepping for neutral neutral , they neutral neutral and hpositive neutral " neutral . " neutral that intensifier awaited them neutral neutral , what neutral positive , the neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive the brel negative neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral lasts neutral terms of the neutral of positive . neutral hpositive diminisher neutral neutral and diminisher neutral neutral hpositive positive intensifier hpositive neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral ( neutral diminisher than neutral ) .
neutral what you hpositive neutral . hpositive neutral to neutral neutral of the positive guilds neutral the neutral to neutral neutral positive players .
neutral positive and neutral weeklies with them sinc vykas positive . diminisher neutral neutral breaks neutral diminisher joined intensifier neutral positive
neutral neutral gvg
dragonflight
neutral we neutral our neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral hnegative neutral neutral diminisher hnegative hones and passed positive to negative neutral negator neutral anyth . neutral we neutral our officers to hnegative neutral and we positive negator intensifier neutral anymore . neutral intensifier of our intensifier positive members " neutral " for positive gvg guilds . that neutral neutral neutral neutral joined neutral neutral neutral guilds sinc and our " neutral " neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral sinc the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral that types thousands of messages neutral neutral neutral negative . my " positive " guilds neutral hnegative af discords and negator neutral seems to negative to neutral positive . neutral positive diminisher hnegative , intensifier . my neutral positive negative and we neutral neutral neutral to hpositive ( neutral neutral ) neutral negator of the positive guilds neutral neutral positive neutral positive intensifier positive .
egirls
my neutral 's negative , positive positive players characters neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive wholly-owned neutral guilds and to semi-owned neutral neutral guilds ) , of which negator neutral neutral neutral neutral activities neutral neutral hnegative servers neutral positive hpositive neutral positive positive guilds becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral to negative to .
diminisher hnegative neutral and neutral negative of neutral . we positive merged with neutral positive and intensifier positive neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral our neutral that positive neutral sinc valtan to neutral , and neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral compared to neutral where we positive intensifier than neutral neutral with subs neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral .
hnegative neutral itemlevel and neutral killed neutral multistop
neutral positive killed neutral of neutral neutral we played neutral ru neutral and neutral of our neutral positive negator released . neutral we positive to neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative and neutral the neutral neutral for raids neutral negator hpositive . neutral if neutral intensifier needed to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral of negative positive : bots , bugs the likes of which we neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral to negator neutral with players , to neutral positive ru neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral
hnegative killed everybodi neutral neutral neutral . neutral started neutral neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral hasn't positive neutral sinc neutral neutral the neutral released . someth tells neutral neutral hnegative of positive banned from rmt . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral with my alts .
bussing neutral neutral everyth the hnegative neutral positive neutral dwindling
valtan positive
my neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive we neutral neutral intensifier of players neutral hnegative positive , neutral of the groups we planned neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral negative to negative neutral and neutral the neutral weeks ppl neutral with the neutral they cleared with neutral neutral and neutral others neutral the neutral . sinc brel we positive diminisher positive ppl and neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
my neutral positive neutral positive neutral .
bussing . neutral would you neutral neutral raids if you neutral neutral for neutral the neutral ? neutral multistop what neutral ? neutral wants to neutral neutral everyon has bussing to negative neutral positive negator characters for neutral runs . thi positive how neutral guilds neutral neutral positive neutral of died . " hpositive neutral everyon how to neutral and neutral busses positive " neutral neutral neutral negator positive negative to positive that neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , busses neutral neutral negative negative / neutral negative neutral to positive neutral and positive neutral neutral . neutral negator everyon has the neutral neutral the neutral to neutral and neutral neutral if you fuck neutral busses you neutral neutral neutral refunds / neutral / hpositive and things neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral intensifier neutral . bussing intensifier ruins neutral the neutral aspects of thi neutral \*shrugs\* neutral positive what neutral positive neutral .
you hpositive multistop diminisher than neutral someth neutral bots multistop you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral multistop which neutral neutral neutral and friends groups neutral negative neutral for their neutral negative and neutral neutral playing becaus their friends neutral banned . positive farmers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus of rmt neutral neutral and causes the neutral to neutral wrecked . diminisher neutral neutral thi would neutral neutral neutral when they started neutral rmt , neutral happened positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would .
you neutral neutral neutral the neutral rmt'ing ? neutral bots and the neutral buying neutral neutral hnegative . neutral 's negator neutral condolences to the rmt'ers neutral negator neutral neutral for weeklies neutral they positive banned . neutral neutral positive .
hpositive neutral imo . negator gonna negative the neutral neutral neutral from rmt'ing friends neutral neutral hnegative neutral the rmters themselv , neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral that ags positive neutral neutral positive for them to neutral to neutral intensifier . fuck anyon neutral buys botted neutral .
neutral neutral positive for rmters neutral neutral banned . they should've hpositive played neutral if they neutral negator wanna neutral neutral their friends . positive for the guildmates of rmters neutral . our neutral kicks anyon neutral rmts neutral buses bots . of them neutral dicks neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral , negative positive neutral dps
if you neutral neutral positive the positive of neutral neutral positive to diablo neutral negative , positive neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral , for the neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral deals intensifier the negative of neutral zerker becaus of how supports neutral neutral thi neutral . that neutral , neutral positive you positive neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral and neutral hpositive moments intensifier hpositive with the slower neutral neutral . negative , zerk positive neutral hpositive neutral your neutral
neutral hnegative positive
neutral you negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral dps neutral
everyon neutral hpositive neutral dps neutral , neutral hpositive becaus you neutral , neutral negator neutral you should
bruh neutral couldve hpositive hpositive them neutral lopang multistop neutral neutral that neutral multistop
neutral intensifier of neutral would neutral you that neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive , if playing your neutral positive the neutral positive and you neutral negator negative to neutral neutral weaker versions of your neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . the neutral of neutral you neutral to neutral for neutral positive hnegative hpositive dailies . neutral positive characters , to loopangs and the neutral of them neutral supports and with the neutral neutral , positive imposible to neutral neutral raids with them , neutral hpositive neutral than neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral characters , neutral negator positive neutral to neutral anyth and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative to positive neutral gunlancer that neutral neutral hpositive becaus neutral negative neutral him positive positive positive and hpositive positive to my neutral , the hnegative positive neutral neutral that multistop neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral neutral neutral to neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral and she gets neutral hpositive intensifier neutral gonna neutral neutral for neutral negative positive released .
neutral neutral neutral " hnegative " neutral the positive that the intensifier positive positive someth that positive negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral to deleting them . neutral should neutral negator neutral that you negator neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral to characters & hnegative the ones you negative . diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral and you neutral negative to neutral hpositive neutral diminisher diminisher intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral , the negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral if you negator neutral yourself positive that / positive neutral and neutral neutral negative them neutral neutral hnegative of negative neutral positive neutral negative , hnegative . neutral positive neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral becaus neutral positive thi positive neutral to neutral you positive neutral neutral and your neutral to neutral with neutral neutral negative of places neutral of thi neutral . neutral intensifier positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral hpositive brings the positive to the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral .
what fomo ? you neutral positive lmao
negator neutral to neutral yourself to neutral someth if neutral positive negator positive , intensifier hpositive neutral for you op .
neutral multistop
neutral deleted neutral diminisher myself becaus they positive negator positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive into them . neutral my neutral positive diminisher neutral and neutral positive neutral my characters . neutral negator neutral others neutral you neutral neutral neutral hnegative . with hpositive neutral characters you positive neutral intensifier than neutral neutral for everyth you neutral .
neutral neutral your hnegative positive neutral neutral you negator positive positive im neutral sorc , neutral negator negative neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral intensifier sorc when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral relesed neutral negative neutral sorc neutral my neutral positive sorc ( negative ) neutral ( neutral ) neutral ( neutral ) positive sorc ( neutral ) neutral ( hpositive ) neutral neutral neutral negative ayaya and neutral shadowhunter ( hnegative ) that neutral neutral ocasionally , and neutral neutral that neutral lopang and negative neutral and gonna neutral deleted neutral aromancer positive neutral the neutral
lmao cya . neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral anymore sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator to negative the neutral and neutral neutral positive into thi neutral neutral .
positive balls op
neutral neutral pvp , neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral with pve neutral neutral realized that neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral pvp and neutral positive thi neutral neutral intensifier - neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive that neutral neutral neutral . ggs .
ballsy neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral . positive the neutral .
thi positive how neutral neutral the neutral : >i neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hnegative anyth if neutral neutral my neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral them neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive that diminisher negative the neutral neutral neutral asap , neutral negative neutral of the players would neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
op neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . for what neutral positive neutral neutral played from neutral until neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral completed , neutral alts with neutral artillerist neutral vykas neutral dropped . neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral , neutral died , and my friends neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral delayed neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral and prepped for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral everyth neutral positive stashed + events to neutral my positive neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive to neutral playing my neutral of alts diminisher intensifier . neutral hpositive neutral to neutral ( neutral ) and " neutral neutral " ( negative ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator positive hpositive !
neutral of neutral neutral of positive . having them neutral hnegative neutral him to neutral neutral to playing them neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative to . neutral positive negative positive for neutral players becaus they neutral characters they neutral neutral to positive negative . neutral neutral neutral positive negative and with neutral ilvl neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral of neutral becaus your honing chances neutral negative intensifier you neutral negator negative neutral exp to positive the neutral neutral . if anyth neutral positive neutral neutral of leapstones / neutral stones neutral neutral runs neutral of neutral becaus neutral has negator brel characters to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral them , the negative of characters that neutral neutral restored positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of my neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for my neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus they positive neutral to neutral neutral their positive ilevel alts neutral . would neutral intensifier neutral intensifier if neutral neutral neutral focused neutral intensifier neutral ?
if you neutral to characters neutral neutral , the neutral neutral of neutral neutral of neutral positive if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral into neutral problems until neutral neutral neutral my neutral . neutral positive
neutral positive your neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral myself neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral those alts anymore . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator them neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral regaining neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative priorities neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher hours that neutral neutral positive for myself neutral neutral neutral . neutral could neutral my alts neutral hnegative , neutral what neutral positive neutral with them when neutral neutral negator negative to neutral them neutral ? that positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to declutter .
that what im neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral couldve hpositive neutral neutral alts and negator neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral to ( neutral ) negative them to hpositive neutral neutral neutral reddit . diminisher neutral if neutral neutral neutral . idk how thi neutral has upvotes tbh
should negator neutral that neutral to neutral when you neutral neutral of your resources neutral your neutral diminisher than positive ilevel alts . my alts neutral hnegative slaves neutral my neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral wants . neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral . my neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral than neutral and if neutral neutral negator positive positive playing neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral . having intensifier neutral that neutral negator negative neutral to neutral someth that neutral neutral negator negative to neutral .
if you positive neutral negative hnegative neutral , would negator you negative to neutral ? neutral would you positive obligated to neutral becaus you neutral invested intensifier neutral neutral and neutral into neutral you negator neutral hpositive ?
neutral you neutral to positive your neutral into neutral subreddit for neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral . hpositive neutral to neutral how neutral neutral should neutral positive negator neutral your neutral positive .
if neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit if you neutral positive neutral and neutral negator positive thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of your neutral and neutral ?
those motherfuckers negator neutral neutral items , neutral negator neutral them to neutral chars
positive , you positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive negative . you neutral intensifier neutral neutral if you neutral neutral honing neutral characters . positive to positive the brel neutral from to neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher diminisher than neutral . which positive neutral , neutral neutral you neutral you neutral negator neutral the neutral hpositive shards required .
negator , you positive neutral intensifier than negative . neutral negator neutral into neutral issues until neutral neutral neutral into my neutral . neutral neutral " neutral lopang slaves neutral neutral multiquestion " neutral intensifier negative the neutral of your neutral .
op positive intensifier hpositive neutral , they neutral what negator of neutral could neutral neutral of neutral / neutral
neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to where your neutral lands . neutral neutral that has neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative isp you positive neutral if your neutral needed anyth neutral of the neutral sinc my tools neutral my callcenter ( mexico ) and the philipines neutral neutral neutral the cs neutral the neutral & positive the positive tools , neutral sinc neutral neutral negative hpositive to neutral them neutral they neutral neutral neutral hours lol .
hpositive neutral neutral anyon wants the neutral : neutral and my neutral neutral neutral hnegative runs . neutral our neutral positive , neutral positive my neutral negative hnegative and the neutral that neutral with neutral . neutral our neutral positive , neutral multistop thi happened . to neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral to negative onto negative hp neutral neutral dps'ing to neutral kakul neutral to neutral neutral , neutral diminisher died neutral neutral could neutral . our wardancer died to hammers neutral neutral to neutral bombs that neutral from the neutral neutral of their neutral , and our gunlancer died neutral diminisher neutral neutral hp bars . neutral positive to neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus we positive neutral inanna neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator sidereal neutral neutral into neutral and neutral could negator negative neutral of the bingos . neutral the neutral , neutral survived for seconds neutral myself , positive neutral into neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive , and cleared the neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral and neutral neutral to negative the negative , and that neutral when neutral neutral thi screenshot . should've neutral recorded neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive thi negative would neutral that positive of neutral negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
thi positive intensifier neutral positive ! huehuheuhuehuehuehuehue
that positive how neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral
positive neutral : neutral hpositive how when you negative vykas . positive everybodi 's hpositive negative positive intensifier the neutral neutral positive hpositive the negative hpositive negative with neutral positive " neutral cleared " neutral neutral positive we positive negator hpositive neutral neutral hnegative negative positive
for my neutral , neutral neutral neutral the una dailies feiton and mokoko neutral neutral ) for neutral leapstones and neutral neutral rested negative dungeons ( depends how neutral positive ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral raids rested and positive neutral the leapstones for neutral . for alts , sinc honing to neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral those neutral you positive neutral and neutral to neutral them to for valtan hm and vykas nm neutral . thi positive hpositive your neutral neutral neutral for hnegative and brelshaza . neutral neutral negator hpositive your neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral pre-brel intensifier neutral would positive neutral them to leapstone dailies to hpositive them neutral neutral .
negator intensifier neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral of characters neutral neutral intensifier if that positive what you positive . neutral if they neutral neutral neutral rested and you hpositive neutral neutral lopang and neutral raids neutral them , you neutral neutral someth neutral of neutral . progressing your neutral and neutral neutral earners positive how you neutral neutral to neutral the positive neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral to neutral . you neutral neutral to the neutral where your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral runs and neutral negator minds neutral bots . neutral pf . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral . that positive neutral pf positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive the hpositive / neutral neutral to neutral neutral when you neutral negator neutral to neutral with becaus of hnegative games neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for thi neutral of neutral .
hnegative thi positive what positive players neutral to neutral . hnegative you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral teams and neutral if anyon wants to neutral you neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral requesting the hpositive from the neutral . hnegative options neutral negative and negative neutral neutral neutral .
congratulations neutral neutral bots neutral the negative for the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral the rats que neutral neutral expecting neutral neutral .
im negative , neutral they positive to neutral the neutral negator hpositive ? what neutral the neutral mech for the hnegative neutral , neutral they neutral that ? ( neutral neutral with neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral bots neutral aira / / oreha , negator played with bots )
negator matchmake anyth neutral of neutral neutral positive negative / guardians-ish / neutral / neutral neutral
neutral positive negator hnegative returning / positive players sharing their neutral hpositive positive what " neutral " players neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral : >i neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral > >i tapped my neutral with / negator hitting neutral hnegative > >i improved my neutral positive to neutral my neutral / neutral > >i failed to positive my neutral positive neutral my neutral
neutral positive intensifier intensifier hpositive that when neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negative positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what feelings positive neutral and neutral feelings hnegative than neutral . ‍️
neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral my hnegative alts where neutral positive neutral bots neutral neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral of them neutral negative sorcs . they neutral hpositive for positive neutral to bars of negative neutral they neutral hpositive intensifier neutral diminisher positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral bots neutral they neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral .
queuing into these neutral dungeons neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive of neutral multistop insta neutral happens positive of the neutral neutral if they neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral lol .
the bots neutral positive neutral diminisher than neutral , and you neutral neutral neutral the prices of neutral neutral neutral sites , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral charts . prices neutral neutral neutral diminisher , neutral neutral positive positive neutral for dollars . neutral the bots neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for dollars . bots neutral neutral positive . hpositive everyth has neutral neutral positive neutral prices ( books , jewelries , etc ) positive to diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ah neutral multistop neutral positive they positive intensifier neutral that they neutral neutral mechs . that means they neutral neutral to neutral them . which neutral means if im with my neutral , and neutral of them neutral neutral , we should hpositive neutral neutral someth multistop neutral neutral hpositive we could neutral bots neutral , neutral of disbanding .
neutral hpositive started playing neutral neutral months neutral , and neutral neutral neutral the mechs neutral myself . neutral started playing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive to hpositive parties for raids and neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive . hnegative , with the neutral positive , neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative to hpositive neutral neutral negator to supports neutral positive and negator neutral kicked / banned for neutral neutral neutral .
brel hnegative and neutral should neutral neutral neutral supp ( hnegative to hpositive neutral to multistop neutral neutral neutral engravings neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier of artists positive neutral lopang employees
neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral , you positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
my neutral hnegative positive that thi neutral to neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral ( you neutral negator neutral drops of neutral if negator picks neutral neutral ) and neutral negator neutral into neutral raids , of them neutral to supports parties positive for dps . you could neutral for diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral hours for neutral vykas and hnegative . the neutral neutral neutral neutral you could neutral positive brel hnegative neutral neutral my neutral , neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral to to neutral negative if neutral negator neutral into valtan , vykas and hnegative ? that positive neutral negative neutral that positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral engravings neutral , neutral positive neutral negative of supp for the neutral neutral neutral raids , neutral them positive intensifier negative . neutral hpositive dropped neutral and positive the neutral intensifier neutral playing diminisher characters .
neutral , neutral neutral from playing diminisher positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive , positive , neutral , neutral , gl and gs . with how neutral neutral takes to neutral into groups neutral , neutral hpositive negator neutral bothered playing sinc my neutral positive neutral with neutral and neutral .
that positive my neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral earners . my positive neutral has neutral neutral for brel neutral my neutral neutral positive and my ayaya neutral positive having the hardest neutral . neutral negative neutral the neutral , neutral neutral into the neutral and positive neutral kicked neutral neutral for neutral hpositive negative neutral ( which negator happened with my dps ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with neutral neutral positive we neutral for neutral neutral neutral for negator dps to neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral dips . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral dps to neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative for supports . neutral parties neutral neutral slots for dps , neutral neutral neutral to slots for supports . neutral brel hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive . diminisher hpositive neutral positive intensifier dps alts neutral brel .
neutral neutral my neutral soulfist for neutral and mage for positive and neutral neutral lvl gems neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral started ! neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we negator neutral the neutral neutral stats meta neutral neutral
brel hm positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral their negative characters to gates positive neutral what happens when supports hpositive neutral with engravings neutral neutral and neutral negative with neutral positive neutral of what neutral negative neutral which neutral raiding positive negative , neutral neutral , ulti and neutral positive playing neutral . neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral builds with neutral legendaries ( negator neutral neutral positive ) , negator gems , negator cards and hnegative stats neutral negator hpositive neutral .
positive neutral hnegative to neutral into neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral into juiced groups ? negator of my supports neutral neutral hnegative neutral into near-ilvl parties , positive neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral when neutral neutral starts neutral .
when neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive supports
neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral supports neutral negative raids neutral , and negator intensifier cares what ilvl neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive until we neutral hpositive neutral neutral raids . brel hm , akkan , voldike . copium neutral neutral they positive neutral elgacia to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive
if you positive neutral neutral neutral to your neutral and neutral negator neutral positive neutral they hnegative hpositive you neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to hpositive dps to hpositive my neutral positive that has positive with neutral sinc vykas neutral
the neutral neutral of the neutral of supports positive neutral positive coinciding with negative neutral neutral that gives neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral ends , neutral hnegative negative of neutral positive positive their positive neutral alts sinc they positive neutral to positive positive to neutral them . brel hm should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
hpositive hpositive your neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral happened to the neutral , , negator intensifier jacki cheapo negative neutral neutral neutral for vykas , , hnegative positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral becaus hnegative of negative neutral positive those neutral neutral to neutral neutral dps they neutral ( that positive tons of jailge neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive ) neutral the neutral if you positive neutral neutral your neutral , , you neutral neutral hpositive to neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive . hpositive hpositive neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral and juicers neutral neutral . my positive positive “ juicers neutral ( neutral positive neutral ) capri-sun / kool-aid ”
thi positive neutral you should hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral for neutral hnegative . for neutral neutral , dps neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral into neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral for diminisher negative neutral that has neutral supports . hpositive him when neutral neutral you , and hpositive him hpositive you when you neutral him .
neutral positive neutral neutral for hpositive neutral , negator for negative neutral neutral . and neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for groups intensifier
neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive hpositive the neutral
omg im intensifier neutral thi has happened neutral neutral
if you negative to neutral yourself neutral hpositive of neutral into groups neutral neutral neutral , hpositive hnegative you neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive if you neutral neutral negator neutral lostwind neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral hp cards neutral , neutral neutral , neutral and neutral positive neutral positive .
diminisher hnegative neutral - neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative : how neutral you positive positive / / positive / / neutral neutral brel ? neutral neutral neutral deciding which neutral to neutral positive
when aeromanc releases neutral positive neutral itself neutral neutral with neutral negative positive of dps .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , diminisher the neutral if negator the neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral positive , supp neutral and dps neutral neutral neutral my neutral we hnegative supps per neutral neutral xd
im hnegative your neutral positive neutral into groups negator issues . negator neutral neutral that positive , intensifier you positive neutral negative for brel hnegative . if you neutral negator neutral everyth with neutral positive neutral your negative ones with neutral and neutral your
neutral when aero releases , you positive neutral neutral to your neutral neutral ?
- neutral your neutral neutral - neutral minutes and the neutral positive neutral - neutral the negative - neutral positive that neutral with supports neutral my goldroster the neutral weeks sinc neutral positive neutral positive negator positive the neutral which negative to neutral instand into the negative , hpositive neutral positive and neutral neutral than to minutes
neutral neutral neutral for aero positive , everyth positive neutral negative positive for supps
hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dps . if neutral neutral negator neutral their neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive they neutral **a** neutral for the positive dps neutral .
positive when they positive negative neutral aeromanc things positive neutral neutral to neutral if they positive them with neutral neutral neutral , hyper neutral and positive neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral and neutral weeks neutral realized that neutral neutral hnegative to neutral into parties . neutral neutral neutral neutral lostwind neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral positive negative if neutral neutral has to supports and dps neutral makes positive that neutral intensifier hnegative to hpositive neutral for neutral neutral if everybodi has neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive the neutral engravings neutral neutral hpositive artists neutral lopangs neutral ? positive intensifier negative pheons hpositive neutral neutral , and you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral to and neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral would neutral investing to means neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive points neutral neutral negator negative hnegative neutral my brel hnegative runs , intensifier annoyed with neutral my hnegative weeklies to neutral . neutral you.are neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
negator neutral vykas / hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral dps positive for vykas and neutral neutral negative hpositive to dps neutral
you neutral neutral for neutral of those hnegative to neutral you neutral for aloy of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral becaus we neutral negator intensifier hpositive to neutral when they positive positive
this^ hnegative positive positive neutral hnegative with the neutral
neutral neutral positive challenging to neutral into neutral groups becaus neutral seems positive neutral neutral positive has neutral supports , neutral that positive negator to positive neutral positive positive neutral hnegative .
neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral , hpositive neutral positive neutral , neutral cares . to argos with neutral negative neutral neutral / neutral / neutral with neutral accessories . for positive , neutral for neutral vph neutral of neutral gems positive weeks neutral ssf neutral if thi positive your neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral events and neutral rushes . you neutral hpositive neutral thi hpositive for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative positive .
they hpositive peeps neutral positive to hpositive , hpositive negative hnegative neutral for neutral .
lies neutral my neutral bards gets negator neutral . valtan
lol , negator . neutral positive negator neutral my positive neutral positive of ilvl cheapo positive with neutral accessories neutral . thi positive negator neutral for dps .
dps neutral gets gatekept lmao
happened what ? neutral we neutral neutral for neutral of ye , that hpositive .
neutral positive intensifier negative and gives hpositive buffs ( neutral to mvp neutral ) , neutral has hpositive negative sinc the positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral with him neutral neutral . positive has intensifier skills to neutral against neutral knocked positive neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to .
positive , neutral negator hnegative positive skills . costs neutral neutral neutral honing costs when you neutral neutral materials . negator invests that neutral neutral to negative the neutral becaus they neutral neutral shitty neutral neutral to neutral playing neutral . the ayayas hnegative neutral negative , neutral the neutral neutral brel neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral using her neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral per neutral , her positive could neutral neutral for that neutral . neutral neutral that neutral downvoted anyon neutral neutral that neutral would hpositive with neutral shortages , neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral of their noses .
> and you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral to neutral that to my positive and pala , positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral hpositive dropped them from my neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral negator positive them to neutral with intensifier im neutral , neutral thi positive negator neutral the neutral .
from what neutral neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral for my hyper neutral positive , neutral positive intensifier positive neutral per acc to neutral things with neutral / neutral / vph neutral negator negative
neutral negator positive aero & negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral ( my negative ) for neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive positive .
sorta , neutral neutral dps neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral into neutral neutral that positive neutral dps… which positive neutral neutral of parties .
neutral negative positive intensifier positive than neutral neutral neutral neutral paladins
and positive nae positive positive neutral dps shortages neutral - neutral negator neutral shortages neutral someth changed neutral the neutral negative weeks . neutral neutral intensifier neutral groups neutral pf for brel with neutral sups neutral neutral neutral dps neutral . someth positive happened with neutral positive that shifted the negative . neutral neutral negator neutral that changing hpositive becaus neutral engravings neutral neutral . neutral intensifier than neutral positive neutral negative neutral negative to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral . neutral moreso neutral neutral crit neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier diminisher neutral builds neutral neutral neutral pricey anymore - neutral neutral neutral their intensifier neutral seems everyth has neutral neutral negative neutral neutral / neutral . neutral neutral neutral books neutral cheaper than neutral . neutral the pheon costs , if you wanted to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive the neutral - neutral we neutral into neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral prices neutral . for neutral intensifier of neutral negative accs positive neutral neutral positive for the positive neutral until diminisher neutral has passed and neutral accessories neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral thi wk neutral neutral to hpositive my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of thi dps ( becaus neutral positive intensifier neutral ) , and neutral regretted neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive negator lobbies to neutral . the lobbies neutral neutral neutral for vykas and hnegative positive neutral of positive , and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral partyfinder hpositive to neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral gatekept , neutral hpositive negator neutral haha
neutral to positive neutral negative negative neutral neutral to neutral your neutral hnegative hpositive hpositive the cheapest combo . you neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral sinc you positive until that neutral / neutral ( neutral positive ) . neutral could neutral hpositive sinc neutral weeks neutral sinc neutral neutral released .
neutral positive dps has neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral valtan / vykas . what positive hpositive neutral positive that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral vykas neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of the neutral that neutral positive multistop neutral with neutral neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral hpositive negative neutral someth neutral . hnegative neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral dps for neutral neutral . intensifier , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral dps neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my to supps neutral neutral positive hpositive negator neutral parties lol .
neutral positive zerk sorc arti sinc neutral . diminisher they neutral the positive neutral to neutral the books . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral of botters bussing botted artists . neutral neutral of those positive positive books and diminisher neutral neutral accs .
neutral positive neutral positive zerker sorc wdym
diminisher sorc and zerker neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive zerker neutral neutral intensifier intensifier positive dure the neutral positive neutral sorc neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral zerker neutral neutral ages neutral neutral neutral positive sorc
neutral neutral neutral them neutral sorc negator zerk thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral zerk
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral equipped the neutral and the neutral ears
neutral neutral neutral the ears from neutral negative neutral
how neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral you neutral neutral neutral from hnegative players neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive positive negator neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral positive swimwear thi neutral .
neutral positive for thi info .
for the positive neutral , the neutral neutral neutral portia neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive to our neutral . hpositive you should neutral maxing your tripods if you neutral negator neutral intensifier positive . neutral positive positive neutral paid neutral until neutral neutral neutral until neutral for neutral neutral , positive starts to neutral passed neutral options neutral that neutral . neutral , neutral of gems varies intensifier per neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive % of negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher than skills should neutral neutral hpositive gems neutral .
stats and tripods should neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral engravings if you neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative you neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive , neutral 's positive neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral negative gems positive tripods neutral neutral you should neutral neutral positive tripods . positive tracking for you neutral ones , and neutral using everyth you neutral from negative to neutral everyth neutral negative neutral these to negative should ve your neutral negative , neutral neutral provides neutral of the negative negative neutral , neutral positive negator hpositive negative against gatekeeping . stats neutral neutral , and diminisher positive positive with engravings . stats > engravings neutral becaus you neutral positive accessories to positive stats , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive positive > neutral / neutral positive . neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral of priorities if you neutral neutral hpositive for the hnegative . neutral intensifier neutral of negative gems , which positive negative positive positive . you intensifier should neutral investing neutral neutral gems to neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for positive , negator becaus neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral to if you neutral , negative neutral should neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral gems and neutral
lvl gems neutral huuuuge diminishing neutral multistop what that means positive that they neutral negator neutral neutral for of the players . lvl gems neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . what you neutral neutral positive neutral brel neutral , neutral positive if anyth and hnegative neutral neutral .
ilvl>quality>gems>engravings+accessories>bracelet everyth positive “ neutral neutral . ” neutral with positive positive negative , neutral neutral with neutral positive positive negative . hpositive positive neutral ilvl neutral negative intensifier than positive neutral thi neutral tripods you should hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive they hpositive neutral hpositive neutral
per your neutral neutral positive someth positive : neutral neutral ( shards , leapstones ) honing neutral to > negative gems > tripods > neutral neutral honing neutral to > > negative gems > positive neutral positive honing > negative negative gems neutral jobs with negative neutral > negative honing neutral to > negative negative gems > neutral 's neutral for cards > negative negative gems for jobs with neutral skills neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral , neutral things neutral neutral . neutral would negative to neutral neutral your neutral neutral to intensifier you neutral positive neutral brelshaza parties and hpositive hnegative parties . you neutral neutral neutral neutral tripods neutral neutral neutral you neutral them and negative neutral to negative them neutral neutral , which positive someth you negator intensifier neutral with neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral gems neutral neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral positive that positive negator neutral neutral neutral , gems neutral hpositive neutral neutral with diminisher neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral with them positive hpositive positive your neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral positive honing and tripods neutral neutral versu neutral intensifier of systems they neutral neutral neutral which neutral *feel* neutral hnegative sinc neutral you neutral negative neutral into the neutral for negator , hnegative gems and neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral you for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral .
the positive neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral positive that honing positive diminisher neutral neutral diminisher everyth neutral positive neutral . intensifier neutral intensifier of those neutral neutral neutral neutral increases positive negative gems and bracelets / stones neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral than honing neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral honing neutral and someth positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of " positive " materials .
positive
positive , positive positive positive intensifier hpositive than neutral positive ?
neutral with the neutral negative , neutral if neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive positive neutral e.g. neutral db neutral , neutral arti , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of negative with neutral negative hpositive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral / uptime neutral e.g. neutral neutral , ps shadowhunter , intensifier to neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral would hpositive neutral negative gems neutral the neutral neutral . gunslinger positive hnegative with negative gems multistop neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive proportions of dps positive sorc / neutral and how neutral neutral neutral hpositive / neutral neutral hpositive provides . positive neutral my negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral larger neutral neutral than gems if you neutral neutral for neutral . neutral positive hnegative with positive upgrades and neutral neutral dps neutral my neutral neutral neutral > neutral neutral buddies that neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral my neutral .
the " resets " neutral intensifier negative and diminisher neutral mentioning when neutral neutral to honing . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , you neutral neutral to positive to negator neutral positive sinc neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral of neutral .
positive .
neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive for neutral neutral groups themselv neutral with neutral positive
neutral neutral the neutral , positive .
negator neutral . neutral positive hpositive dmg inc from stat diff vs negative neutral . thi changes with hpositive neutral , diminisher neutral thresholds that neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral how positive the positive hnegative positive if you neutral negative to positive hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral for dmg neutral positive neutral hpositive . neutral : for neutral my ew neutral neutral neutral : negator neutral neutral : negator neutral : neutral would neutral diminisher neutral with the numbers neutral positive positive hpositive than negative which positive neutral neutral neutral with negator neutral neutral . thi would neutral hpositive for neutral with neutral neutral , neutral crit / neutral focused builds neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive ps sh gets neutral intensifier of neutral from lvl gems negative . hpositive - of your dps consists of your to spenders ( neutral neutral with neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative with hnegative builds ) neutral neutral neutral neutral ps sh negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral planning to hpositive neutral her to lvl dmg gems for her spenders , and for negative / / sharpened neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative you neutral neutral . intensifier positive positive becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral for the neutral positive to neutral neutral from to neutral of my alts neutral negator fared neutral hpositive neutral . hpositive neutral for the guaranteed non-gamble neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral the hpositive negative .
neutral becaus neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive they should
positive neutral co neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral the hpositive neutral to neutral
that positive where the diminishing returns neutral neutral neutral , which positive what neutral neutral the neutral neutral responded to neutral mentioning . negative gems for neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral of your negative neutral neutral diminisher intensifier , neutral to neutral that remaining negative you neutral intensifier gems and neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral . ( for neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) ps positive neutral hpositive neutral , positive you neutral diminisher neutral diminisher from upgrading neutral and neutral neutral to the neutral neutral , neutral to negative neutral the hnegative of the negative you neutral intensifier gems for negative neutral , sharpened neutral , neutral , and slasher/rising neutral . neutral positive neutral with the hnegative diminisher hnegative neutral neutral negative db gets of neutral negative from negative neutral to the neutral neutral . for ps to neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral baseline you neutral hpositive to negative gems and negative
completly neutral , my ps neutral positive hpositive hpositive positive that . for neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral to and the neutral neutral positive cd gems hpositive to
stats neutral intensifier hpositive for co neutral hpositive neutral means hpositive uptime neutral atk buffs . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and gems that you neutral uptime .
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminishing returns compared to hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive would negator neutral neutral " negative " . neutral negative to hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral and negative sorc where the negative positive diminisher neutral neutral for neutral , neutral positive would negator neutral neutral for lvl neutral until you neutral everyth neutral neutral . to and neutral neutral lvl gems positive neutral positive neutral neutral my books , neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than neutral to neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral positive lmao .
diminishing returns neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the ps neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
ew positive played neutral lvl and neutral positive neutral meme neutral books negator diminisher neutral the neutral
endgame neutral neutral deadeyes neutral positive / kbw / cd neutral their neutral books becaus the hpositive neutral for them positive adre to neutral neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive multistop neutral my hours of playing loa , neutral neutral neutral neutral pistoleers . that positive how positive and neutral the neutral positive , neutral the neutral prices .
from the neutral neutral : " neutral , sinc the neutral positive hnegative populated , negator neutral players hpositive what deadeyes neutral . negative positive neutral lumped neutral with gunslinger 's “ neutral pov , ” neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral referred to neutral deadgeye . hnegative , negative has the neutral to neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . " neutral neutral neutral negative with the neutral neutral neutral and neutral him neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral with the neutral and neutral positive positive to neutral , neutral neutral feelings hnegative with neutral crit hpositive neutral that gets negative neutral neutral pieces of the negative positive and has intensifier hpositive neutral and negative neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral ew neutral and the neutral positive neutral to the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral with that negative negative . paid neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral noes ! ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|joy )
neutral neutral with the neutral neutral that we positive with neutral . neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive neutral of becaus negator neutral our neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral wanted to neutral how the neutral feelings for myself . started with neutral , neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral , neutral you could positive the negator of negative . changed to ew and neutral became neutral of my favourites . neutral builds positive intensifier negative , neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher diminisher diminisher atk neutral , and positive neutral cheaper . neutral positive neutral my " neutral neutral " and neutral the positive positive neutral armors and neutral ( everyth neutral neutral neutral which positive neutral ) neutral my neutral neutral , neutral hpositive than my neutral lol . neutral positive hpositive negator neutral positive neutral , neutral if neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral that uses firearms neutral positive neutral gunslinger neutral negative . she has booba ( the neutral hpositive positive ofc ) and neutral waaaaaaaaay hpositive to neutral negative - neutral positive hitmaster neutral and negator neutral that neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral , ew positive positive neutral neutral lvl intensifier neutral positive negator intensifier neutral of neutral neutral neutral having neutral neutral and neutral positive multistop neutral .
neutral for neutral neutral / neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . diminisher neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral my ilvl negative positive , neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral negative lvl neutral alts
neutral ds sharpshiter
the positive neutral neutral negator hnegative . ez neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral for engravings .
deadgeye has neutral positive negative positive neutral
neutral positive neutral to neutral that for neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral engravings
buying negative neutral accessories positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral . negator to neutral buying and neutral gems neutral neutral hnegative .
the neutral meme neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative , neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive for how hnegative and hpositive neutral positive neutral .
with positive / kbw / cd and adre to neutral what would neutral the neutral ?
ew negative positive a-tier negative positive neutral neutral of having neutral perma crit neutral . neutral positive negator neutral theyr neutral buffs lol .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative and hpositive to neutral , neutral the damaged neutral negator that hnegative sinc you neutral neutral mid-range non-entropy neutral . the negative buffs from positive neutral increased the negative diminisher intensifier . the neutral to neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative dungeons .
hnegative hpositive
neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral negative positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher positive of neutral changes tbh , how neutral positive to neutral neutral with neutral neutral for
inanna jumpscare , lmao .
neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
how neutral neutral ? neutral the neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
the ( that neutral neutral neutral ) artillerists positive neutral .
positive relat
what the fuck neutral you neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and countered
neutral hpositive started neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral playing neutral negative hpositive neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier . intensifier positive neutral playing neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator intensifier noticed neutral bots .
positive thi what copium neutral feelings positive ?
neutral hpositive the hpositive of thi neutral . everyon neutral neutral to neutral complaints , neutral to neutral neutral appreciating the hpositive .
neutral neutral positive having negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral pugs neutral neutral my characters , prices has positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral nerfs positive neutral should and diminisher bots neutral neutral the positive spots . with brels hnegative neutral whe should neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral drougt hnegative that neutral to neutral neutral our neutral and positive chills , intensifier neutral , intensifier neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral and neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive the neutral . neutral playing neutral ilvl
neutral neutral you neutral downvotes for positive admitting the neutral has improved
ngl hpositive to ags neutral neutral fr negator neutral bots the citys positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rohendel neutral the neutral of the neutral : negative
what happened ?
neutral couldnt positive neutral positive my neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral
neutral to fesnar to neutral your neutral theif una neutral and neutral neutral bots neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral multistop
positive neutral my neutral and neutral neutral argos mokokos . abit neutral when neutral lol .
im neutral neutral , and neutral neutral bots positive
neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral via neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive that the neutral areas neutral intensifier neutral riddled with bots . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral encountered neutral negative of intensifier players negative . neutral neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) .
prices neutral positive neutral things has intensifier to neutral with negator of ilvl to neutral and neutral from hyper neutral . intensifier neutral shards and mhls to neutral when hm brel drops . engravings positive neutral neutral hyper neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral hpositive
positive neutral neutral when neutral and neutral neutral neutral ? hnegative negative , negative neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral . neutral positive positive diablo iv and t&l positive neutral lostark hnegative neutral the neutral .
neutral you neutral to positive neutral ? how 's that neutral neutral neutral ya ? neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral for neutral ?
clueless
if you neutral neutral euw multistop positive negator multistop neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive players neutral started neutral euw to neutral neutral to euc . we neutral neutral hnegative neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral expectations we positive neutral neutral neutral / neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to diminisher than neutral negative of intensifier players with the neutral intensifier neutral bots . hnegative areas of the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher vykas neutral parties neutral neutral and hnegative positive neutral lol
negator has changed , neutral positive neutral the neutral bots neutral neutral neutral , neutral of everyth positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative of neutral to neutral to neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier hpositive for the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral using the neutral neutral , saves you from diminisher neutral diminisher of hnegative neutral
my neutral neutral dure neutral neutral neutral positive negative ! neutral neutral neutral neutral positive points into hnegative of neutral , neutral everyon neutral
positive , neutral negator neutral if those players that neutral named " idldhdowkgj " neutral bots neutral players neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive playing for the neutral neutral and neutral levelled neutral my neutral neutral to negative neutral positive hpositive myself neutral loads neutral neutral neutral the mokoko neutral , having loads of positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative of negative players .
positive positive negative neutral negative neutral , punika powerpass positive neutral when you negative questing intensifier having neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative
neutral neutral to neutral , neutral for diminisher neutral my neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral . " negative diminisher months of hpositive brelshaza " . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral hnegative . neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral my neutral and negative .
how neutral neutral neutral to ilvl ?
sinc neutral positive they neutral to neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral bots , ags negator neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of the neutral , neutral neutral zinnervale euc . neutral : neutral hpositive positive dced , rekt neutral captcha neutral would negative .
neutral neutral neutral ? neutral you completing unas neutral what ?
neutral thi neutral . the wiped neutral neutral neutral . neutral everyon to neutral hnegative to neutral lifes for they complied and neutral minutes they neutral the neutral neutral =d
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral im neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral bots neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral lines of sorc bots neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral ive negator neutral bots positive feiton multistop negative neutral jumps neutral negative . naw : akkan
neutral neutral neutral shandi , has positive positive for neutral .
idk neutral neutral tons of characters , if we neutral neutral diminisher months of brel hnegative neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral t&l positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier pvp-oriented neutral which positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral . of neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral becaus that positive hpositive how things neutral neutral whether neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral dies neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral faults diminisher than negative neutral launching . neutral hpositive has negative hpositive of negative neutral neutral the neutral to negator neutral neutral dedicated neutral neutral . hnegative games launching and hype trains positive neutral neutral 's neutral for neutral neutral for hnegative , whether those games positive neutral staying neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral .
t&l has neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral to neutral anyon from thi neutral lol . neutral neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral inflating the neutral of hnegative than positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral of and the hnegative parts of neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral hpositive positive hyped neutral timeline that plays neutral neutral . neutral hpositive seems positive neutral hnegative bdo and positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative the neutral , positive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral the neutral
idldhdowkgj positive neutral intensifier hpositive sorc neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive of the sorc bots neutral neutral couldnt neutral bothered neutral my characters anyth hpositive intensifier neutral spammed my neutral neutral everyon thinks my sorc positive neutral neutral lol
hpositive neutral neutral ags / sg .
neutral noticing the neutral neutral dropped diminisher neutral intensifier .
> captcha you guys neutral neutral captcha neutral neutral neutral ?
lmao , neutral you neutral how neutral neutral neutral brel weapons ? that positive those neutral neutral akkan negative , you neutral they positive " negative " neutral honing when brel hnegative drops ?
that positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive positive negative .
intensifier hnegative neutral positive hpositive negative neutral positive positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral targeting intensifier neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral cali dodging their attacks , which positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive you to neutral
neutral positive neutral of neutral that leveled neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negator hnegative neutral neutral with you .
neutral positive neutral neutral with positive 's hype so… neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral positive that my neutral neutral glitching neutral neutral neutral neutral negative sorcerers named neutral negative , intereacting with siera . neutral neutral intensifier neutral and positive the neutral neutral neutral raided neutral bots , neutral neutral neutral neutral if they positive neutral hnegative players and that them neutral having the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that they positive positive bots .
neutral neutral neutral neutral brel neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive multistop neutral neutral neutral hpositive and we hpositive positive months neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral required to positive neutral hnegative and negator intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral akkan imho , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ) neutral akkan . neutral prices neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral negative to positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral 's roadmap positive neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral prices and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral ilvl .
hype neutral that . when neutral sets neutral things positive positive neutral . neutral could neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral they released thi neutral . intensifier intensifier negator .
playing the neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative to neutral the neutral neutral rofl .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral copies neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative games neutral neutral neutral played .
negator
hnegative , you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral . diminisher neutral , and negator positive spenders neutral whales , hpositive neutral grindy hardcore neutral , neutral neutral characters neutral hnegative brel with weapons . neutral their neutral , they neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral brel hnegative . negator neutral neutral pushed weapons neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral hpositive for months negative . you neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral ( i'm negator gonna negative neutral could negator neutral neutral myself diminisher positive ) , neutral neutral positive negator negative . intensifier the neutral of " neutral we neutral months of brel hnegative what neutral we gonna neutral " positive neutral , neutral positive positive , and neutral positive negator neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral for glows neutral negative positive negative neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral negative of negative games neutral positive the positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive the neutral of those games…i'll negative neutral neutral of neutral to neutral and positive neutral neutral .
neutral negative that positive my neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral and neutral neutral . intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive neutral neutral . im gonna neutral neutral neutral positive negative .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral they hpositive neutral hpositive for players to hnegative neutral .
neutral negator hpositive pf neutral ?
thi positive negative neutral positive neutral lol . neutral neutral positive neutral kungelanium neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than minutes . positive positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral
hpositive , neutral the hnegative neutral mech neutral honing neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for that neutral negative positive neutral neutral . pf neutral to your positive positive . neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral positive negator that hnegative neutral neutral my characters that neutral kunga positive stronger
becaus fppc
neutral kungel ? neutral neutral negator positive you . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive parties . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the screenshots to parties positive neutral into neutral consisting of characters neutral - neutral positive neutral neutral neutral euc . neutral thi neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral diminisher , neutral positive negator neutral you negator neutral pf and neutral hpositive teammates .
you neutral neutral dmg neutral neutral with that neutral , unless you positive the negative
neutral neutral neutral the neutral
eh neutral neutral if you neutral neutral to ilvl and neutral to scrubs that positive neutral neutral . ( neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator gems neutral kunga ) . started neutral deska neutral my neutral neutral of kunga positive to thi negative with the lobbies neutral pf . if neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral negator intensifier negative , neutral neutral subreddit neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral of the negative .
neutral neutral hpositive diminisher neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to hpositive thi for alot positive the neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral / neutral with neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral intensifier positive positive neutral with hpositive engravings for neutral diminisher
neutral neutral positive neutral the negative
that neutral positive hurts the neutral negative intensifier sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral positive the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral and neutral stacked neutral if neutral neutral for that positive positive
neutral euc , neutral neutral for with neutral and neutral . negative neutral for with neutral and neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral of your neutral hnegative neutral -
negator positive necklance neutral the neutral neutral neutral , looks neutral to neutral neutral the positive which neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral how neutral would neutral the neutral . neutral negator intensifier neutral what neutral neutral should neutral .
neutral neutral negator bo
neutral neutral for positive neutral positive neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral gets neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative sinc neutral stat positive neutral negative neutral
positive and negative and everytime neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive intensifier of neutral noob neutral . negator neutral that understands the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negative than neutral
hnegative , positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier subreddit positive would hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier diminisher . your neutral leans toward neutral negative which makes neutral neutral hnegative for artists . imo , you neutral to neutral for rings / earrings with the neutral engravings + positive positive and neutral neutral negative than what positive neutral the neutral . negator neutral for neutral to hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral / neutral + positive positive neutral gets the neutral engravings with hpositive stats .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral negative and neutral armour for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral weeks to neutral . the positive neutral your positive that neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative positive that neutral positive the negative stat . the neutral negative positive negative neutral for myself neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral for positive engravings neutral rings neutral earrings .
neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral necklaces .
neutral positive negator neutral thi sells for neutral positive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier you neutral neutral neutral with negative positive . neutral positive neutral surprised if thi neutral for neutral tbh . neutral positive neutral neutral positive and neutral positive .
neutral . thi positive the neutral of neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral ( neutral neutral neutral the neutral r/ffxiv has ) neutral you neutral to neutral them ?
looks neutral multiexclamation
neutral you neutral these ? neutral neutral the mokoko ones !
positive we neutral mokoko merch what neutral you doin
positive ! they neutral neutral neutral my kickstarter neutral neutral ! neutral
neutral you positive !
nvm neutral hpositive neutral your neutral neutral kickstarter
neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral drooling
wdym
neutral positive negative neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative and neutral to the neutral channels that positive guilds and neutral if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral for you
positive neutral positive neutral the negative ! neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of raids to positive players diminisher neutral . positive players neutral neutral hpositive thi hnegative intensifier neutral neutral to hpositive thi meme neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral ! neutral the positive from negative neutral negative neutral neutral ffxiv meme !
positive neutral for what you neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral parties for brel and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to prog neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator hnegative anyon for neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative = hnegative intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative intensifier positive .
positive for the neutral
neutral neutral you neutral ?
hahaha hpositive neutral neutral neutral gunlancer : negative
neutral positive killed becaus negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral neutral thi positive . neutral neutral cleared the negative neutral neutral characters , neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral thi positive and killed myself neutral farts neutral to neutral neutral
that hnegative mech neutral neutral neutral where you neutral neutral to negative to neutral ( ? ) negative . intensifier neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to narnia . neutral baaaaaaaack multiexclamation \*explodes\*
neutral neutral positive reached brel neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral becaus of neutral neutral positive positive to vykas neutral negative lol
neutral , intensifier neutral ! neutral positive positive drilled into mmo players to neutral negative neutral from the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral when thi happens ! they positive the hpositive to neutral they positive someth that looks neutral and to neutral neutral neutral , which neutral and of itself positive hpositive than neutral intensifier of neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive them neutral that !
neutral
neutral neutral - neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive than you would neutral , neutral positive neutral spotify neutral !
positive you
neutral neutral neutral mech negative . negator neutral neutral mech neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral positive neutral rekt
the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hijacked the ost to neutral neutral their neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , negator played the positive hnegative !
neutral of markers for negative / neutral / neutral / neutral hnegative negative positive neutral of the neutral reasons neutral loved ffxiv 's raiding . the fights positive diminisher neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral you positive them positive
neutral thi for the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral what positive neutral you neutral to neutral neutral ? could negator hpositive thi mech described neutral neutral neutral guides neutral .
neutral my neutral hnegative , ffxiv has the positive raiding neutral the neutral . the neutral positive negator for everyon neutral . " the fights positive diminisher neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral you positive them positive " thi positive intensifier hpositive ! neutral negative ast neutral neutral blm positive multistop the neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral leylines negator neutral neutral tapped ! neutral positive my positive neutral of reclearing neutral xiv !
neutral - neutral neutral stands neutral the neutral negative neutral , including those with neutral neutral neutral . neutral to - the negative neutral spreads neutral positive neutral to negative neutral , the players with the neutral rings neutral neutral from neutral hnegative and the negative to neutral them neutral . neutral - everyon negative converges neutral to the neutral with the positive positive negative neutral . neutral to neutral neutral players neutral neutral negative neutral to " neutral " causes neutral negative positive ish negative .
“ neutral ” mech positive neutral neutral for negative positive neutral among members neutral aoe . intensifier if neutral neutral positive neutral with debuff neutral positive hnegative neutral and neutral neutral negative . you negative hnegative players to negative positive . aka neutral the negative intensifier negator dies
neutral hpositive neutral could neutral into ffxiv . neutral positive neutral intensifier of things that intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . if neutral positive started neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral positive neutral playing neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier thi sounds hnegative , and neutral negative that neutral positive someth neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral games multistop neutral if you neutral neutral the neutral , neutral yourself neutral neutral . hpositive until you neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive rotations and neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral raids with neutral neutral you positive . neutral intensifier of neutral hpositive neutral to positive hnegative until neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral becaus the neutral has neutral raids . you neutral negator neutral neutral of those neutral , and neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral for xiv multistop neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to for the positive patches . neutral positive positive negator for everyon with neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral to neutral neutral . which neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral if you positive the neutral and neutral neutral to neutral . neutral of the positive pieces of neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral my hnegative neutral you neutral to the expansions . how they neutral neutral uping themselv neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ! neutral : if you neutral neutral into neutral you neutral neutral neutral ! playing games with friends positive neutral intensifier hpositive intensifier neutral xiv and neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive rewarded for neutral neutral intensifier neutral newer players positive negator neutral positive of neutral !
neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral to and neutral jobs neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral negative hpositive hours of neutral to neutral to endgame ( if you positive and negator neutral cutscenes ) . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and respects negative neutral 's neutral intensifier than neutral mmos ( hpositive yoshi neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral intensifier of my friends neutral neutral into ffxiv hpositive positive to neutral themselv neutral neutral . neutral of them diminisher dropped neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral with neutral friends becaus they wanted to neutral positive and neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral lmao . neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral until neutral positive becaus neutral neutral neutral has my neutral neutral and neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral wanna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral cheers for the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of friends neutral neutral ffxiv , diminisher neutral of them neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative internet , intensifier connecting from neutral to neutral servers would neutral negator neutral the positive positive .
neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral for months and neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral hnegative neutral into the positive negative neutral hpositive negative . neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive to weeks of playing neutral neutral neutral . the neutral gives you neutral intensifier of positive neutral neutral neutral that feelings positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral if you negative neutral , neutral you neutral hpositive neutral someth neutral .
ah positive , neutral neutral neutral positive ! neutral neutral neutral neutral myself neutral neutral . neutral what you hpositive positive , hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral if you hpositive yourself negative to neutral someth neutral ! loa neutral neutral neutral playing ffxiv for the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative releases xd
that positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|joy )
that positive neutral you neutral negator neutral hnegative stones neutral for positive you negator hpositive when you positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral to reddit . neutral neutral intensifier neutral from neutral redditor .
positive to the neutral neutral
sidenot , neutral of neutral ripoff that the hpositive positive neutral negator neutral neutral successes .
negative positive positive neutral to neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
what positive neutral ? neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
yikes
my neutral positive neutral failstacks
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral posts positive thi that hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator intensifier neutral what you neutral negative neutral becaus of thi neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral to neutral and neutral neutral to
diminisher hpositive tbh
you shoulda neutral the neutral neutral started neutral negative neutral
neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negative dungeons neutral would you neutral neutral neutral for them lmfaooo
neutral neutral neutral joking neutral the comments ? neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative the neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral stones neutral neutral the neutral . those events neutral positive neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral to months
op neutral positive : neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral diminisher than neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative xd
negator hnegative if positive , cuz negator neutral , intensifier negative neutral isn't : naw , that positive neutral intensifier hnegative negative neutral . positive positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
that positive negator neutral " hnegative " neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for negative neutral
how neutral they neutral internet points and neutral if they positive negator neutral thi ?
neutral neutral
neutral neutral !
neutral neutral positive preemp negative
multistop positive neutral neutral joking . we hpositive thi , neutral neutral positive funnier and intensifier hpositive to positive neutral matters intensifier when the neutral neutral positive shit we neutral hnegative neutral neutral that .

with positive , negative neutral that neutral negated neutral the hnegative neutral neutral that neutral , preemptive negative
neutral , neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral with preemptive negative neutral for neutral negative neutral ? you neutral hpositive neutral neutral preemptive eng and neutral neutral eng neutral and hpositive neutral to accessories to neutral those with diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral if you negative those , intensifier negative and hpositive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral .
preemptive negative and positive neutral neutral opposites multistop you negator neutral neutral
multistop neutral for eo sf neutral neutral ? : 'd
if you neutral negator one-shot with preemptive positive you intensifier gotta neutral ‘em neutral positive neutral , and the neutral neutral to neutral that positive to hpositive hnegative crit neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral gives neutral , negator hpositive crit . neutral neutral has neutral intensifier of multi neutral skills that positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral preemptive
hey neutral adreanline neutral gives neutral neutral
depends neutral how neutral you negative to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral it'd neutral neutral stones neutral
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher ppl hpositive to cutt neutral preemptive neutral neutral , my neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral thi neutral for neutral neutral and negator hpositive fcking neutral neutral positive stones
negative neutral positive the neutral with neutral neutral and preemptive negative neutral negator neutral neutral awakenings : , )
…no
neutral , neutral that positive vs neutral neutral . positive positive hpositive hnegative for neutral negative builds . neutral , multi-hit positive hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , unless neutral neutral neutral oneshot , positive negative neutral .
uh… my neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral negative neutral and neutral shots with neutral skills . neutral , neutral , that neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral ( mini neutral negative ) . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral anyth neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral my hnegative neutral to neutral , preemptive , and neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negative . neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral , and neutral neutral preemptive one-stroke neutral , neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral skills .
preemptive neutral neutral neutral awakenings , neutral neutral neutral negator negative becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative bosses .
that neutral the positive neutral neutral to positive neutral with . neutral negator positive lol
you neutral intensifier than neutral engravings . neutral neutral preemptive/contender/class/adrenaline for neutral . positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral ? neutral . neutral neutral positive negative ? negator negator intensifier . positive positive hpositive neutral neutral positive when hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multi neutral positive negator the neutral hpositive , neutral negator positive hpositive neutral positive positive hnegative when neutral you neutral neutral positive spamming skills .
positive becaus of soulfist neutral neutral , sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral that could neutral negative sfs dmg and positive neutral them neutral neutral bosses with preemptive neutral neutral
hpositive the maharaka neutral and vibe . and ofc you negator positive neutral negator positive lol
your sh looks negative
>is thi neutral ? neutral has hnegative , hpositive redoit .
neutral neutral allows you to neutral for with neutral neutral of your neutral neutral the neutral positive . neutral neutral .
neutral putano confucklations !
congratulations neutral neutral the neutral
neutral you positive negator neutral neutral of playing sorc becaus thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral life-time neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral negator neutral positive thi , neutral thi positive positive negative . " positive thi neutral ? " multistop
neutral .
neutral hpositive dialed
positive neutral , neutral hpositive negative neutral xd
positive intensifier , neutral neutral to neutral and neutral xd , which neutral neutral hermano ?
what the fuck
demencia neutral neutral .
nodes ) neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit grats . rencor lol , sounds positive hnegative
positive . neutral neutral positive neutral sorc intensifier thi neutral positive negator neutral to them , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral positive and thi positive the neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral
negator . neutral positive your neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral sinc you neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral . you neutral the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral builds that ppl neutral negator positive becaus neutral requires neutral intensifier they neutral for the neutral positive neutral , which positive neutral with neutral ( which of positive neutral intensifier hnegative ) . positive neutral neutral hnegative you hpositive that and hpositive wanna neutral intensifier confuckyoulations
negator neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral lol
we neutral gonna neutral positive thi " hermano " neutral and neutral him .
nope neutral negator neutral positive nodes from neutral neutral books neutral accessories from neutral multistop neutral nodes neutral
negator neutral positive they neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral they could neutral adren to with thi neutral .
that positive neutral thi positive neutral of neutral . you neutral negator neutral to hpositive *either* of the engravings neutral the neutral the negative to with neutral
neutral of neutral neutral , positive negator hnegative . neutral positive neutral bog-standard neutral , which means neutral positive neutral hpositive than engravings that intensifier neutral to neutral neutral positive aoa and kbw . neutral positive hnegative than positive of neutral , neutral that neutral negator hpositive neutral *bad* . positive positive negative neutral for how hpositive the positive . neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative of neutral neutral the rankings neutral if they neutral neutral suboptim becaus neutral beats neutral neutral negator positive to neutral neutral , neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to if that neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral negator intensifier negative neutral neutral , the neutral asking the negative would neutral positive if neutral neutral neutral newbie , neutral neutral positive negative the neutral neutral positive playing neutral and positive asking : neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral with neutral anyth ? the neutral neutral asked the negative positive neutral neutral positive negative neutral hpositive negative to neutral , neutral positive negator inbetween xd neutral if you positive anyth , neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive ; " bro neutral negator that neutral , neutral neutral you intensifier jelous " you intensifier negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for intensifier existing lol
ah , neutral positive that neutral has to neutral neutral of those sinc the positive neutral the neutral neutral and negator neutral that shifts neutral . til
thi positive neutral to neutral downvotes neutral neutral neutral . you hpositive neutral positive neutral becaus neutral the hnegative mmos neutral neutral played , whenev neutral gets hpositive with rng , and neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral 'nice' neutral neutral neutral 'gg' . neutral negator negative if neutral positive neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral positive having neutral hpositive neutral and hpositive , negative that neutral neutral positive neutral to them neutral neutral . neutral neutral ? neutral , diminisher neutral neutral intensifier neutral when they neutral neutral that they negator neutral negative to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral of hnegative neutral thi neutral . ( neutral neutral , downvotes neutral becaus thi positive loa reddit )
the neutral legit says ‘greetings from neutral positive' and gets neutral neutral of negative . thi neutral positive fkd .
neutral neutral my neutral , neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral of those neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral negator becaus neutral positive negator my neutral and neutral positive positive hnegative to neutral that neutral what neutral hnegative thinks of you .
if you neutral negator hpositive the rc negative which gives you that positive the positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral rc neutral to neutral positive anyth neutral positive negator positive hpositive neutral the negative becaus that negative neutral neutral you months of neutral negative
the neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral of neutral for honing and negative . you should positive hpositive the neutral neutral intensifier if you negative the neutral . if you neutral negator neutral neutral the honing neutral positive hpositive neutral crystals and hpositive them neutral .
the bc neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral depends neutral how you negative to neutral neutral imo . neutral neutral the neutral neutral 's neutral tiers becaus neutral neutral mages and neutral neutral the neutral neutral them . that makes neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral to neutral than buying skins
neutral the neutral neutral mokokos negative . neutral neutral neutral parties from valtan to brel neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral the negative neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral of the subreddit . neutral neutral roles positive what regions youre from etc etc - - positive for neutral / / negative / / neutral - - hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for others positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
if you neutral positive for neutral to neutral you , that positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to hpositive . if you neutral positive to neutral the negative multistop neutral prog neutral . positive neutral would neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and you should neutral negative to neutral your neutral . neutral would neutral negative practicing prokel if you neutral dps . you positive hpositive neutral hpositive if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . the hnegative neutral neutral with neutral intensifier of neutral neutral to neutral neutral parties / neutral them positive that they neutral negative hnegative setups neutral their neutral multistop neutral neutral stats , negator hnegative engravings and intensifier neutral . hpositive hnegative you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
lootheroes negative positive has neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the positive for neutral neutral thi reddit .
positive neutral neutral to neutral that neutral negative multiquestion neutral buddies and neutral neutral positive neutral the brel hnegative and negative to neutral to prog
neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral of the mokoko dc hpositive . neutral you !
neutral neutral you the neutral , neutral negator hnegative if you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral neutral
neutral positive positive the positive neutral to neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral you to neutral neutral to neutral neutral . you positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to how neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral played for neutral to weeks neutral neutral and started playing neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive having neutral intensifier of positive , although neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the negative to neutral raids . from what neutral neutral , if you neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral to hpositive hnegative positive players and / neutral neutral friends with hpositive players , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral soloable if you neutral positive playing from the neutral and you neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral . negative you neutral to neutral neutral intensifier that you neutral neutral raids where you neutral neutral to neutral hnegative hpositive negator frustrating neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral upon neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral negator neutral . hnegative and neutral neutral positive neutral . unless you neutral positive hpositive friends , thi neutral positive hnegative . neutral hnegative , you positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral unless you neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative . neutral to hpositive neutral neutral . and you neutral neutral playing hnegative neutral and neutral positive neutral releases , neutral neutral hnegative to neutral positive raids positive hnegative and neutral . positive neutral positive neutral intensifier of gatekeeping neutral the neutral and positive diminisher neutral positive negative neutral neutral positive negative their neutral into raids . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . hnegative diminisher positive negative , gatekeeping neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive for and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the gameplay and neutral neutral negative , neutral respec positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negative positive . you positive neutral neutral to neutral raids neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative to hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive . neutral hpositive takes neutral intensifier of neutral . positive positive if you neutral friends neutral with you
depends neutral the neutral of neutral you neutral . you positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral than you could neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive events that positive neutral your prog . if you negative to neutral positive neutral / raids neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral to the neutral of neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher months to hnegative neutral to the ilvl that neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . if the neutral that the hnegative to intensifier hnegative neutral bothers you positive neutral would negator neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral raids to positive and you positive hnegative neutral neutral ilvl neutral neutral neutral neutral
if you neutral hpositive friends / neutral neutral neutral for neutral . if negator , neutral negator negative . negator neutral neutral , you positive positive neutral intensifier hours neutral neutral neutral than neutral the raids themselv sinc negator neutral wants to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
negator negative neutral ! neutral positive neutral positive neutral , hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral friends neutral neutral hpositive you neutral the raids
neutral neutral reminded you of neutral the fuck
the neutral you neutral the hpositive , neutral positive negator negative neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with the events neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of helpers positive hpositive your neutral neutral negative when you neutral to raids / for questions .
neutral negator neutral thi neutral , my positive . and that positive neutral from neutral neutral plays diminisher positive positive neutral hnegative .

neutral neutral positive neutral what neutral neutral neutral to positive , intensifier hnegative hpositive that tradeable founders items , intensifier if neutral neutral their positive neutral chests , neutral for neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral the mb . neutral youre from neutral neutral and positive hyper neutral events , you neutral neutral neutral neutral these to hpositive you hnegative neutral neutral intensifier .
thi neutral has diminisher of the positive catchups neutral neutral neutral tbh . and the neutral you neutral the hpositive the catchups neutral . the neutral neutral they could neutral intensifier positive hpositive positive neutral you neutral neutral someth . which they hpositive neutral positive sinc honing positive positive and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive
to neutral positive neutral positive , neutral neutral rng neutral neutral neutral of honing , positive tripods , cards , positive to diminisher neutral . negator to neutral gems that neutral positive to neutral neutral positive brel hnegative would negator neutral positive . you positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative cases which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cetera . neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative for positive players positive to positive neutral neutral , neutral from neutral neutral having and neutral to neutral
neutral hpositive plato hpositive neutral positive positive neutral ?
neutral neutral combo . neutral worldish positive neutral . ( negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ! ) ( loa positive mage neutral multiexclamation )
neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral positive thi lmao . neutral positive positive they negative their neutral to neutral . neutral 's negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral thi neutral , my positive . and that positive neutral from neutral neutral plays positive positive neutral hnegative .
neutral /u/ronexii , positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
ya neutral opened them . neutral the positive and neutral ( neutral that positive the ryu ninjaish neutral )
neutral neutral negator joking . hpositive , neutral positive hnegative neutral wdym ?
anyon negative to neutral diminisher clowns ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral the jp neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nae and neutral neutral positive to positive kr neutral negative . neutral negative jp voicepack neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral should neutral hnegative neutral the neutral settings .
unless neutral positive neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral positive you neutral neutral kr positive neutral neutral for neutral
negator , the jp neutral negative positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral negator positive neutral they negator neutral neutral neutral the jp neutral negative if they neutral jp neutral negative
neutral kr positive positive neutral the neutral settings
licensing . ags has negator to neutral with the jp neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and they neutral negator neutral neutral rights to neutral .
ahh neutral neutral , neutral to hnegative neutral and neutral neutral koreaboo neutral negative .
my positive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral them to neutral intensifier than neutral . neutral you hpositive the discounted neutral , dure the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive says
negator you negator , hpositive neutral neutral .
if neutral negator positive neutral neutral negative , neutral positive hnegative . the tickets neutral neutral you to neutral your neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the hnegative positive neutral neutral allows you to neutral neutral reskin neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral asking .
negator , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
depends neutral how neutral you negative to neutral . neutral neutral skins positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the hpositive positive ones neutral gonna neutral the swimsuits and the neutral skins / neutral neutral skins .
anyon neutral knows the positive neutral positive negator gonna neutral you neutral neutral
the skin-tight neutral
if neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive hundreds of them and neutral would negator neutral you
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral tbh . diminisher of the positive skins neutral the neutral which positive intensifier intensifier praised and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral kr neutral neutral , positive the neutral neutral skins . neutral neutral negative of those neutral the neutral and held onto hnegative for neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral for neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral hpositive for hnegative . you neutral neutral neutral korea , neutral they hpositive neutral those thousands of hnegative negative skins which neutral neutral the neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral seems to neutral that hnegative skins neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral gunslinger neutral , neutral .
neutral gloves neutral neutral intensifier neutral , the neutral paws neutral hpositive neutral and positive for hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral for them positive intensifier negative negative , hnegative you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral .
the neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral the “ hpositive ” neutral neutral for gunslinger . everyon wants the booba .
neutral
intensifier you negative to hpositive neutral neutral with neutral and neutral neutral neutral and you neutral neutral positive hpositive you thi negative neutral that positive neutral months of neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive for those neutral hpositive them with intensifier neutral to neutral neutral negative thousands intensifier than they would when buying neutral neutral from the neutral
the neria skins neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral them for negative
that neutral buying neutral with neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral positive buying them with rc and neutral neutral neutral if you positive gonna hpositive neutral with intensifier neutral neutral . negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral skins for months neutral for their neutral to neutral neutral , they neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral takes , intensifier neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral for negator neutral neutral neutral .
adding onto thi neutral , if you negative to hpositive someth to positive neutral prices , skins neutral negator that hpositive of negative neutral compared to someth positive neutral pouches / neutral / leapstone . if you neutral neutral hpositive pets neutral neutral neutral chests , neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral if you hpositive neutral negative and the neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral to hnegative your neutral . your neutral could neutral neutral neutral into those skins neutral if neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral negator neutral positive buying .
okey , positive for the tips !
neutral into positive and neutral you neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral until positive processes neutral and sends you negative email that positive neutral negative to neutral downloaded . when you neutral positive negative multistop download the .rar neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral for " amazongames.lostark.mailhistory.csv " thi neutral should neutral you everyth you neutral neutral neutral neutral recieved . neutral negator neutral if neutral tells you ign 's , neutral if negator , neutral positive neutral their neutral neutral . with thi neutral , positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . positive the neutral intensifier , neutral them the ign neutral neutral of where your items neutral , and positive your neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral of the neutral cs agents neutral your neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive to hpositive , and that the neutral neutral hpositive positive " neutral fucked " and neutral you to neutral your neutral .
neutral thi neutral neutral for those helltan / hellkas neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral positive neutral neutral
the negative neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative facts . what you neutral neutral you neutral hnegative , that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator of thi matters neutral has anyth to neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral 'hacked' , neutral positive neutral to hpositive to the storytel to neutral neutral neutral . neutral to the neutral accusations , neutral could neutral neutral to neutral the neutral - positive neutral negative positive charged neutral .
neutral intensifier hnegative to positive neutral negator neutral neutral email neutral neutral neutral neutral email neutral , if neutral negative neutral neutral neutral your neutral from positive you neutral neutral neutral the ip neutral that neutral positive neutral to your neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral from your positive neutral . neutral with neutral hpositive neutral positive anyth positive neutral neutral if you neutral download diminisher hpositive neutral and neutral your neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral knows your log-in neutral from hnegative sources .
thi neutral neutral neutral negative piloted neutral lmao
you neutral neutral neutral . neutral your neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral negative neutral your neutral login info to anyon multiquestion if negator , neutral you positive anyon neutral positive neutral with you ?
you neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral yourself neutral these neutral . hnegative you neutral the negative op . neutral the neutral .
you neutral neutral your neutral login neutral to neutral ip / / neutral etc . negator hnegative if thi positive hpositive neutral someth neutral negator .
that would've required neutral to your neutral neutral . you neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral hnegative sites / neutral pilots / reused passwords ?
you neutral neutral login info and positive scammed negator you ? neutral intensifier positive these " hackers " positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hackers neutral neutral positive to neutral your neutral neutral and hpositive positive your username . these " hackers " neutral negator neutral anyth neutral to your neutral . intensifier you neutral piloted neutral and negative your neutral info for hnegative neutral your positive neutral and lostark eula intensifier neutral fucked . neutral hpositive neutral neutral what intensifier happens , admitting neutral neutral hnegative you intensifier .
bro neutral my positive neutral positive vpn neutral asked for neutral positive neutral to login neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could login negator neutral asking neutral positive noway neutral negator neutral neutral email / neutral to neutral
negator negator neutral you hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral and neutral you neutral negative neutral neutral lol
neutral the positive neutral you neutral neutral intensifier of neutral shards .
neutral op , neutral of neutral , hnegative for your negative and hpositive neutral gets neutral to you . neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral and positive your steps of how your neutral neutral accessed . thi seems to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral what to neutral for to hpositive from your neutral , neutral positive to the neutral draining neutral negative neutral draining your neutral neutral buying neutral shards . neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive websites neutral you to login using neutral auth ? diminisher phising websites neutral neutral to neutral positive the neutral ones . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral to methods neutral neutral neutral neutral to your neutral positive . thi positive negative you neutral the neutral neutral auth . the neutral neutral positive via neutral hnegative codes , which you hnegative neutral generated for neutral neutral . with the neutral neutral , negative email positive neutral neutral to you if neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral . the negative might've positive neutral to your email ( ? ) negative neutral . the neutral neutral positive if you neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral from negative pc neutral . neutral neutral auth would neutral neutral you to neutral " neutral " . the neutral neutral neutral login to your neutral positive negator neutral auth neutral if you positive the " neutral neutral neutral thi neutral " negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral , becaus thi positive neutral neutral neutral targetted neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral info to anyon . neutral hpositive positive neutral of neutral sinc neutral neutral seems to neutral intensifier positive if you negator shared your info with anyon .
intensifier , neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral from neutral and neutral from kr positive into my neutral positive , neutral neutral negator hpositive how , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral positive into my neutral . negator neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral my neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral phishing website . neutral my neutral neutral negative neutral positive the neutral and positive leaked and neutral neutral neutral my neutral . neutral positive neutral , thi neutral hpositive how to neutral my neutral and neutral my things . hpositive letting anyon hpositive , neutral your pw if neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how they neutral . neutral positive for the neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive .
the neutral hpositive neutral positive that you neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral websites and neutral of those positive compromised . neutral negator neutral the neutral pw positive !
neutral yourself neutral neutral neutral and rmter , neutral if positive positive neutral the neutral neutral positive the neutral . jk negative to positive neutral neutral your neutral positive neutral . and positive neutral hnegative to bbb neutral positive neutral negator to hnegative your online neutral
positive your neutral negator neutral you should neutral neutral , neutral that positive intensifier hnegative intensifier for neutral neutral neutral acc unless neutral negative neutral neutral urself .
negative . neutral for neutral hnegative positive ?
for hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral and positive fucked
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral negative hpositive . hpositive negator . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral login credentials and neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral my neutral neutral positive neutral compromised neutral diminisher months neutral , neutral neutral neutral my items for neutral diminisher cents diminisher than the neutral where neutral neutral positive required and positive neutral neutral intensifier overpriced neutral from neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral how they neutral neutral and from the login neutral neutral looked positive neutral neutral neutral from my neutral pc . neutral contacted neutral and they hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to their faq . they neutral positive my neutral from diminisher positive hnegative neutral db 's , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how they intensifier skipped and neutral email notifications . neutral neutral the neutral neutral that has positive neutral the internet neutral the neutral neutral ( uhm multistop ltt for neutral ) , , for neutral neutral looks positive you neutral negator neutral hpositive .
intensifier you neutral positive neutral and the negative deleted your emails . neutral would neutral your neutral with
neutral neutral positive shocked neutral to how neutral neutral your neutral neutral multistop positive , how neutral that neutral ? neutral neutral clueless . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator gonna neutral neutral multistop intensifier , how ? neutral neutral neutral email with neutral neutral that neutral clicked neutral ? hmmm
neutral negator hpositive you neutral hpositive you the intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral diminisher atleast neutral thi intensifier intensifier intensifier sucks neutral
neutral positive , neutral positive hpositive the neutral positive scammed and positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral positive scammed for neutral neutral neutral positive scammed dure rmt .
neutral positive negator intensifier neutral . neutral neutral how neutral positive you neutral positive neutral your credentials for neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive negative to positive negator everyon thinks intensifier . if neutral positive you neutral would positive neutral how thi happened , to positive neutral neutral neutral and to hnegative neutral . positive if neutral knows your neutral and you neutral the neutral neutral neutral email , neutral etc , they neutral neutral neutral sorts of things . if you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral prevented thi . if you neutral neutral email neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral hpositive positive your neutral neutral .
>someone positive into my neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator positive neutral my email neutral my celphone ) neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral email login positive positive negator neutral intensifier " neutral neutral " neutral . neutral positive neutral someth positive thi : neutral hpositive if neutral neutral knows how neutral . neutral neutral thi neutral enabled and negator positive anyth hnegative from my neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral website via their neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral " neutral / shared " their accout to neutral
faz umas duas semanas que neutral vi uma pessoa negator servidor positive neutral falando que aconteceu isso com ela , roubaram toma neutral gemas positive neutral neutral . será que isso tá acontecendo com mais gente ? você é um jogador frequente ou hnegative ? fico até com medo . também tenho autenticação positive tudo mais , hpositive vai neutral como eles conseguem essas coisas .
you paid for neutral neutral neutral of neutral . if you neutral negator thi would neutral negator happened .
you neutral neutral to neutral neutral your neutral ( neutral ) . hpositive neutral neutral positive positive . neutral
neutral neutral " neutral fucked and neutral your neutral . " hnegative neutral your neutral multistop neutral neutral > " neutral positive into my neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator positive neutral my email neutral my celphone ) " that hpositive positive negator neutral . you neutral negative negative neutral and they ripped you hnegative .
neutral you , positive neutral to neutral thi
neutral neutral of the neutral cs agents looooll
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral your neutral compromised hnegative ( neutral installing software from neutral download neutral ) neutral neutral positive your windows software positive positive neutral negative , and neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral positive hpositive positive positive negator neutral the neutral neutral , neutral their neutral neutral " neutral " neutral neutral , you could neutral to neutral neutral for compromised neutral if you positive positive . hnegative neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral ( neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral neutral these situations neutral the neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral happened to you op , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher neutral . neutral the neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral . if neutral hpositive neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral details neutral neutral neutral your email details , positive bypassed your email hpositive , neutral to negative your neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and positive your email hpositive and neutral your passwords , neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier negative neutral fears and the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral neutral positive if the passwords positive the neutral / / shared neutral hnegative online sites that positive compromised that would neutral negative intensifier negative neutral of neutral neutral their neutral neutral
negator neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral and your email positive neutral . neutral negator that hnegative to neutral neutral if you neutral the tools . hnegative , neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive that they positive positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral the neutral hpositive .
what neutral those ?
neutral neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral paid for neutral neutral neutral neutral valtans neutral neutral positive and neutral and neutral to neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral positive yoinked neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral multistop buying neutral accounts positive intensifier neutral
what tricks neutral these negative neutral neutral neutral ?
they neutral from neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral those carries ?
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative enabling neutral login email positive neutral neutral " neutral neutral " which positive defnitely negator the neutral we neutral negative neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral positive positive diminisher hpositive to negative neutral neutral neutral if their email neutral compromised .
positive , diminisher negative neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral . dudes neutral hnegative , neutral and neutral
neutral neutral surprised thi positive negator intensifier neutral neutral . anytime neutral adds neutral that has intensifier negator to neutral with the neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral you . thi negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral and they neutral using neutral to neutral neutral of items hnegative negative neutral to neutral neutral rmt sites ?

positive , if neutral paid for neutral neutral positive neutral negative negative and neutral hnegative . should neutral neutral negative himself
neutral negator played sinc neutral . what positive neutral ?
negator neutral , negator neutral my friends . and neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral you neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher hnegative ? neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral my neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral anyth . neutral okay you neutral you
neutral neutral negator hpositive if you neutral positive neutral negator , neutral neutral positive hnegative for the neutral of neutral negative you neutral neutral , intensifier if you neutral neutral the hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral positive and neutral your things neutral .
nah neutral happened to neutral of my positive 's neutral accounts that neutral neutral for rmt . heres the neutral login neutral : neutral and korea . intensifier multistop neutral neutral neutral of things ; neutral neutral neutral if hes neutral neutral to neutral publishing rights and positive positive neutral , neutral negative vykas / valtan neutral neutral rmted . hpositive neutral types neutral neutral . neutral using neutral neutral neutral called kp neutral neutral everyth thru hyper-v / / quemu neutral neutral neutral neutral for botting .
neutral hpositive neutral positive thi neutral rmt'd / neutral shared / piloted and positive neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral hacks the neutral neutral neutral plays neutral neutral ? neutral neutral ?
how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral compromised neutral positive positive neutral hnegative ? neutral neutral neutral ags gets diminisher negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive with neutral . thi positive negator neutral mentioning the neutral that neutral compromised neutral neutral positive neutral the hnegative of the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral of the neutral positive platforms neutral the neutral if the neutral positive hpositive .
neutral runs neutral neutral you neutral positive hpositive neutral tokens neutral neutral them . neutral neutral neutral them neutral via neutral reg neutral neutral with grabbing neutral diminisher files from the pc itself . neutral could neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hpositive positive scammed from neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral diminisher things . neutral , neutral neutral hnegative thi happened to you , and neutral positive neutral the neutral of the positive and positive you . neutral neutral negator denying neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and hpositive your hnegative / experiences neutral positive you to neutral neutral you negative , and neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral to positive negative . hnegative , neutral hpositive negative to neutral my neutral hnegative neutral neutral diminisher statements neutral neutral . neutral , neutral your neutral , neutral intensifier neutral the hnegative neutral positive neutral negator of neutral . that positive negator your hnegative , and you neutral negator hpositive neutral how you positive your neutral neutral , neutral negator having that neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral the neutral " you hpositive positive neutral and they bypassed neutral could neutral negative hnegative neutral steps that you neutral neutral could hnegative that positive could hpositive neutral hpositive positive . neutral , " neutral negative hpositive " , thi neutral bothers neutral . neutral positive negator positive that , neutral positive that login hpositive has evolved to the neutral intensifier neutral " login neutral hpositive " neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . for neutral neutral my neutral positive neutral , when neutral neutral to someth having intensifier hpositive positive negative neutral positive negator neutral whether neutral negator neutral has ffa neutral how hpositive neutral positive positive . neutral positive negator intensifier levels of the hpositive neutral that , what neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral the things neutral that scenes that positive *completely unrelated* to the login neutral itself . thi positive the negative of neutral to hnegative your neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral to the login intensifier you neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral shows what neutral positive positive , and that positive databases . the ltt neutral neutral neutral neutral positive database neutral , neutral neutral neutral databases neutral neutral , and thi has to neutral with the hpositive . neutral neutral database positive neutral , the hackers neutral neutral to thousands of logins / passwords and hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral cookies and neutral that positive . thi neutral positive positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , to sites that neutral bots neutral details . diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral / email neutral neutral hnegative sites , and neutral you neutral accounts neutral compromised . ( ignoring thi positive intensifier hpositive to the neutral neutral , becaus if positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral of database neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral would negator neutral which you and the neutral neutral positive negator occured . neutral neutral mentioned the sim neutral , which positive positive neutral for bypassing for scammers , neutral neutral that hpositive reroutes the neutral to their negative , neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral to the neutral , diminisher parts that neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral to neutral positive that neutral itself positive negative neutral intensifier negative , and hackers that neutral neutral ( that negative databases and negative ) neutral to neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to the neutral of neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral , with neutral that neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral your hnegative for what happened , neutral that neutral positive your hnegative for negative hpositive neutral that could positive how thi neutral neutral bypassed . neutral neutral neutral that if neutral could neutral to you , neutral could neutral to anyon . the positive neutral positive that neutral positive intensifier hnegative positive to the hpositive of thi neutral ( tons of hnegative and positive neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and negator neutral neutral , and hpositive negative the neutral of hpositive thi happens to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral op , and neutral that they hpositive that their neutral positive with positive and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that their neutral itself neutral neutral ) and hpositive itself positive negator neutral , neutral neutral intensifier thins the neutral , and the neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral
neutral positive how you neutral neutral ltt . neutral ltts neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . the negative occurred positive to neutral clicking neutral neutral compromised neutral which neutral hnegative malware neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral bypassed positive thi . thi positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative and has positive neutral for neutral neutral years . neutral tells you to download someth , and when you neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral from your neutral files . anyon neutral positive neutral the csgo / dota neutral neutral knows neutral thi .
>but my neutral neutral positive neutral compromised neutral diminisher months neutral , neutral neutral neutral my items for neutral diminisher cents diminisher than the neutral where neutral neutral positive required and positive neutral neutral intensifier overpriced neutral from neutral neutral neutral . intensifier details ? positive your neutral neutral neutral neutral app neutral hpositive email neutral neutral ? the neutral positive neutral diminisher positive . the neutral negator neutral positive compromised unless your neutral neutral positive controlled neutral neutral positive .

negator neutral negator . neutral negative login info and positive scammed .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral where my neutral neutral neutral hnegative hnegative having neutral neutral . dure covid lockdown , google positive neutral neutral of my neutral neutral connecting from neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negative the hackers neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral . negator neutral that your neutral negator neutral hpositive ( what neutral the chances you neutral neutral and they neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral ? ) , neutral neutral positive neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral , thi sounds hnegative ! diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral pieces that they positive dismantled , and that positive their hnegative . thi positive your hnegative , intensifier neutral neutral positive that they positive neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral negator hnegative how the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with email . to neutral positive if neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative neutral my neutral . that means thi neutral has neutral to my email and neutral neutral positive login neutral . neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral typing thi neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral .
if you neutral neutral neutral nullifies neutral hnegative of conpromise , positive you negator heared of sim neutral lol .
you neutral neutral to neutral your neutral to neutral negative neutral titles intensifier neutral neutral negative lobbies . neutral neutral negative login neutral to scammers and positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral diminisher hpositive negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positive fucked and negative neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive negator neutral
negator tricks . they hpositive positive they positive neutral into your neutral for you and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral accounts to them with neutral neutral they neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral . these things neutral negator neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral thi for you neutral if they positive to neutral paypal to neutral them . anyth that says they neutral your neutral info positive neutral negative . neutral .
neutral negator they ? intensifier of hpositive hpositive mfers neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative , of neutral they neutral . neutral neutral positive players neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral if neutral positive negator neutral from neutral , neutral neutral from neutral hnegative neutral could positive vpn neutral and fulfil the neutral .
negator , neutral arent neutral hellkas and helltans neutral neutral , im from arthetine and negator neutral those neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
uuuh the neutral psychologists . positive hpositive anymore !
neutral positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral plays your neutral for you . intensifier neutral neutral has to neutral login neutral intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral for him .
neutral negative neutral to neutral to neutral your neutral and neutral neutral atd . / neutral
becaus neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral if neutral neutral neutral the hpositive , negator to neutral the negative knows the neutral of neutral neutral items - neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral you positive how these neutral stealers neutral . they neutral hpositive lists with neutral tens of thousands of compromised accounts from neutral neutral of website and they neutral bots to neutral the combinations neutral negative platforms that has neutral . when they neutral neutral neutral , neutral of neutral things neutral . they neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral what they neutral they neutral neutral the games owned that neutral neutral neutral elements and neutral them themselv . neutral they neutral neutral the games owned and neutral the login neutral to negative neutral that positive positive neutral neutral .
intensifier you neutral neutral neutral online neutral neutral ags has neutral methods to hnegative neutral players online properties and if they neutral negative they hpositive hnegative everyth and negator they neutral neutral to neutral anyth neutral ?
negative positive for the neutral , neutral my neutral neutral neutral that neutral opinions positive granting for hnegative that these things neutral negator neutral and the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive positive neutral to neutral diminisher neutral of neutral that positive neutral tos . neutral you positive , neutral neutral hnegative neutral of cases neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator negative negator neutral op , neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative and your neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral the neutral .
yep , neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral causes , neutral neutral negator hnegative positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral mistakes that neutral neutral with their neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral to them neutral to neutral for neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral of negative neutral negative .
neutral positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral spoofed neutral neutral positive if the neutral downloads someth neutral which clones the neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral hnegative .
multistop neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive the negative neutral neutral thi neutral to neutral the neutral neutral 's items hpositive intensifier they neutral negative them neutral neutral negative neutral reddit positive neutral to neutral google neutral that neutral compromised to neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral thickens
neutral bro , neutral neutral negative neutral thi neutral of neutral neutral . sim neutral positive neutral intensifier negative with intensifier risks , negator positive neutral to neutral email / neutral and sim neutral to negative items sim neutral positive for scamming
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral titles
bruh multistop intensifier when rmt positive negator neutral to neutral your skilless neutral you neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral your neutral to neutral titles for you ? ahah hnegative .
you negator negative neutral neutral neutral with hpositive neutral username and neutral when neutral has negative neutral dunning kruger .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral ags neutral neutral neutral neutral to the negative safeguards neutral has neutral neutral , and negative the hpositive of the ah neutral positive hnegative to neutral resources if they neutral positive to neutral hnegative
thi reminds neutral of when neutral neutral neutral neutral of rmters complaining neutral their neutral / / gems neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , which neutral happened neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral that neutral occurring neutral neutral lmao .
intensifier neutral and neutral neutral positive scammed neutral multistop negator neutral positive from neutral lol
negator everyon neutral neutral from neutral .
neutral intensifier states neutral has neutral neutral . and if you neutral negator neutral neutral someth positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive your hnegative .
and neutral . negative positive negator neutral neutral when neutral neutral positive to neutral , neutral if you wanna neutral for neutral accessories neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive positive .
if you neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral runs your dailies , positive negator , negator neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit and hpositive runs whenev you positive positive neutral , positive neutral neutral .
if you neutral positive neutral rested neutral neutral chars positive neutral , positive neutral positive the hnegative neutral to neutral neutral lmao .
neutral neutral stacking neutral positive if neutral positive neutral rested negative dungeons , if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral , we neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral positive we positive with
depends neutral what you negative to prioritize . hnegative neutral neutral mentioned the neutral for accessories and bracelets , neutral if you neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral with intensifier shards than you would neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral that neutral intensifier if you neutral negative . you positive hnegative neutral neutral hnegative drops and intensifier neutral , neutral for neutral thi positive neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral rested neutral ? positive positive .
neutral hpositive wanna neutral negative to neutral neutral rested
neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral rested neutral . rested > rested
neutral hpositive wanted negative negative to negator neutral negative for hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral what you positive . negator neutral neutral playing neutral neutral neutral if you neutral negator positive neutral . neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral terms of negative neutral gameplay neutral negator neutral to neutral . dps hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive . negator hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the negative / hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral arti players hnegative positive neutral positive hnegative if they neutral using the neutral neutral neutral neutral which positive neutral hnegative than the positive neutral crit neutral . neutral : positive to neutral . neutral neutral we negator hpositive for hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive gatekept for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral joined the neutral " neutral noooooo ; \_ ; " neutral neutral neutral hpositive and we shittalked neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral the neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral they neutral neutral arti builds and they positive neutral hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral they neutral parroting others' opinions from neutral the neutral where neutral neutral neutral intensifier " meh " compared to hnegative options
we neutral neutral fpe negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral negative fpe neutral with negative gems positive diminisher neutral cooldown ) . neutral hpositive myself neutral the mvp neutral , neutral if neutral neutral negator the mvp , which positive negative for neutral . neutral neutral neutral invested into neutral hnegative . neutral positive the negative positive negative than neutral , your negative positive intensifier positive and you neutral neutral diminisher negative becaus you neutral negator neutral hnegative that requires babysitting neutral neutral neutral . fpe positive neutral neutral of the hpositive neutral for equalized neutral ( positive guardians / dungeons ) . fpe has hpositive negative than neutral ( neutral negative hnegative ) . fpe positive neutral negative of dps ( neutral neutral neutral fpe positive neutral negative ) . you positive negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral players neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral attacks positive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative raids . fpe neutral positive neutral intensifier negative than them .
neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral you positive . negative positive neutral , neutral negative , has weakpoint , positive diminisher tanky , and intensifier neutral / hpositive to neutral intensifier you positive negator neutral neutral pov . neutral neutral you positive neutral gatekept positive if your gear/stats neutral hnegative . what stat neutral positive you positive of neutral ? if neutral neutral positive fpe neutral neutral positive hpositive versions of crit / neutral
fpe positive hpositive , positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative . neutral competes with my neutral neutral neutral positive ilvl for negative , neutral neutral has hpositive positive , ilvl and gems than my neutral and pulls neutral unless neutral fucks neutral neutral has to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral becaus the neutral spells neutral hpositive negative and neutral runs intensifier neutral intensifier negative cooldowns , hpositive the neutral movespeed gets him neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
you positive neutral invited neutral neutral neutral positive neutral if everyth neutral positive hpositive neutral your neutral . neutral negator your neutral that positive neutral you gatekept , neutral your neutral negative , gems , negator of titles , negator cards . negative of neutral neutral to parties with neutral of those hpositive . neutral neutral neutral fp negative that positive intensifier neutral neutral insta invites to anyth neutral hnegative and neutral neutral negative for neutral negative with neutral negative hpositive , neutral hpositive positive hpositive of neutral negative to thi neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral invited to hnegative neutral neutral neutral ( intensifier gatekeeping earlier neutral the neutral ) and neutral brel neutral neutral has negative gems which positive when neutral positive neutral him to her . neutral neutral neutral deadeyes , negative hunters , scouters , reapers , negative sorc , neutral neutral neutral my brels diminisher neutral , neutral what you positive / neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of players neutral positive the 'rare' neutral becaus neutral shows you positive the neutral neutral negator diminisher reddit meta andi neutral could negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive . and negator positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral those neutral boxes hpositive negative , hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral your neutral and neutral neutral your neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral to positive gems , neutral neutral gems positive neutral you ez invites to valtan and vykas neutral if you neutral negator tightened neutral the neutral . gl neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive to negative neutral .
positive neutral positive neutral , neutral of neutral neutral what you positive . fpe positive negator negative . neutral positive neutral dps comparing to hpositive neutral with neutral neutral . you positive def neutral positive to neutral dps neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral gatekept becaus neutral neutral fpe . positive neutral positive hpositive to neutral into neutral than neutral positive neutral becaus fpe positive neutral , has negative / tanky and hpositive negative ( neutral cleared brel neutral fpe arti neutral neutral my neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral positive )
reddit : neutral neutral positive positive for you neutral : neutral neutral noob
neutral positive hpositive neutral of the negative negative and positive negator hnegative with diminisher of the positive negative positive neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral intensifier you positive neutral neutral neutral negative until you neutral neutral neutral lvl tripods neutral cd . neutral positive neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral gatekeeped becaus neutral negator competing with positive neutral for neutral neutral . di sh positive the hnegative dps neutral the neutral and neutral gets groups . neutral , neutral positive neutral dps neutral rn intensifier neutral hpositive to neutral raids lol
positive neutral weaker ? positive . positive you neutral gatekept neutral of diminisher groups becaus neutral positive neutral neutral weaker ? positive . hnegative , neutral positive neutral , neutral cheaper . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative raids neutral neutral .
fpe positive hnegative compared to neutral , neutral neutral hpositive fpe costs neutral of neutral . having played neutral fpe and neutral , playing the meta fpe of crit neutral stat , neutral neutral feelings intensifier neutral the neutral neutral playing neutral , neutral negator the negative . with neutral your neutral neutral of skills generates your wheelchair ( negative everyth lands ) , positive you neutral the wheelchair neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral fpe feelings hpositive neutral clunky neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral negative . neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral of fpe neutral feelings neutral to neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral the weakest fpe neutral , intensifier neutral neutral hpositive for prokel
fpe positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral peaks neutral sinc neutral positive neutral of those neutral that gets neutral intensifier neutral from neutral positive hpositive ( positive negative and hpositive neutral ) , neutral fpe catches neutral when you neutral neutral into and neutral the neutral . you neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , negative and hnegative neutral . fpe positive neutral of those neutral that neutral hpositive neutral for neutral hnegative neutral negative comp with neutral neutral and intensifier negative neutral multirocket neutral neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral you positive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral myself , neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive , tanky , hpositive to neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier of negative intensifier positive . fpe neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral intensifier gems to neutral intensifier .
hpositive neutral what you negative . fpe has hpositive negative neutral the negative positive intensifier positive hnegative .
hahahahaha ! fpe artillerist neutral neutral of the hpositive negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral - . if everyon plays negative neutral sorc neutral hpositive neutral hpositive for negative , and neutral of them neutral clueless neutral playing neutral neutral , they neutral intensifier hpositive gatekept positive to neutral and neutral those neutral players neutral neutral them and plays them neutral positive neutral invited . positive , hpositive neutral what you positive and neutral your negative positive .
neutral positive neutral the dps of neutral and thi positive negator neutral . if you wanna neutral neutral neutral neutral negative thi neutral for neutral
neutral neutral played neutral fpe and br builds , neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral to fpe and neutral neutral staying neutral for neutral diminisher . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative runs , neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral raids pre and post-valtan positive intensifier hpositive . neutral , negative positive someth neutral to neutral positive neutral having positive / neutral fights positive neutral hpositive . artys neutral neutral hnegative picks for neutral groups intensifier gatekeeping 'should' neutral neutral multistop
neutral of neutral : neutral neutral neutral , neutral to neutral fpe . you neutral neutral with neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral fights , neutral that positive negative . fpe positive intensifier hpositive hitmaster dps which positive hpositive to neutral , hnegative negative ( neutral ) , hpositive neutral ( neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral that contributes neutral intensifier to mechs neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral , neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral fpe into runs for negative and surviv . for the neutral reasons you would neutral neutral gunlancer neutral neutral , negative neutral intensifier and intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral positive gatekept neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral , gems , positive , neutral neutral for myself , heck neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral
intensifier negator . fpe positive intensifier hpositive and negative . neutral neutral negative offmeta neutral with hallucinations and neutral neutral and mvp neutral the neutral . neutral positive hpositive to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral from zerker to glavier and neutral diminisher fights neutral neutral outperforms them . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral negator created for " neutral / neutral neutral lobbies " . neutral : neutral neutral , neutral hpositive , , neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative 's , for neutral neutral . our neutral positive hpositive and we neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative .
if neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the negative neutral and neutral positive to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral and positive and neutral positive frustrating , intensifier neutral neutral negator negative to neutral the neutral positive with neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral diff neutral positive negator that hnegative . neutral you for your neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral that neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ones intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral euc
neutral what neutral the neutral neutral negative attacks of the missiles to neutral ? diminisher bosses neutral , neutral locations , neutral neutral takes diminisher seconds multistop
fpe positive intensifier positive . neutral neutral , positive negative . neutral takes intensifier negative neutral neutral negator means positive positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral tankiness comparing neutral neutral . the hpositive negative that fpe has positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral .
positive for hpositive neutral positive the neutral shared neutral thi subreddit neutral neutral crit and neutral , my neutral positive neutral of negative
neutral neutral your neutral neutral negative attacks the neutral bombs neutral neutral diminisher seconds to neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral , neutral neutral and you neutral dps .
positive neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral with neutral someth and idk neutral neutral neutral neutral gatekept neutral my neutral neutral and positive intensifier multistop positive for advices
neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral for neutral positive lol , intensifier neutral positive intensifier frustrating and neutral negator negative the neutral neutral with my altilerist gg
that positive the hnegative . neutral has hnegative negative , neutral hpositive hnegative neutral , and neutral negative . neutral the negative of fpe positive intensifier intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral positive my positive and neutral
the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral . you neutral neutral downvoted becaus you negative neutral neutral hpositive blind-metaslave neutral . to the neutral neutral : the neutral builds neutral negator that neutral hpositive neutral negative , with neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive levels . that positive neutral of the positive neutral : neutral neutral negative hpositive positive negative neutral for that neutral , wherea fpe neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral neutral dmg / cooldown neutral neutral negative of skills to negative neutral negative . fpe has neutral negative , hpositive , hpositive neutral negative of neutral , and positive intensifier positive to mistakes neutral crappy neutral negative / patterns . you neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral your neutral when neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral with fpe . hpositive intensifier positive to neutral for neutral . and neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral neutral of hnegative positive neutral to hpositive what you neutral to the negative . my negative has gems ; neutral neutral invited to pf lobbies diminisher neutral neutral neutral my gunlancer .
positive , for neutral noob positive neutral neutral negative neutral would neutral hpositive for neutral to neutral bosses , neutral hpositive artillerists neutral neutral becaus of their hnegative negative , neutral neutral neutral fpe neutral positive and neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral negative
idk neutral you positive negative to neutral fpe artis neutral negator neutral gatekept . they neutral neutral intensifier to parties neutral of negative .
what neutral neutral you neutral neutral your ss cuz neutral the changes you intensifier negator neutral gatekept
neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator incomum that the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive negative , and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of negative , negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive weakpoint positive neutral , neutral would negator positive that neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral the guys neutral positive to you neutral hpositive hnegative , neutral negator incomum for him to neutral cruelfighter neutral your brel runs
neutral of my alts positive fpe artillerist and neutral diminisher neutral gatekept . neutral hpositive them neutral becaus of hnegative . neutral you neutral neutral screenshot of your neutral intensifier we neutral neutral what neutral neutral to neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral negative attacks , the neutral neutral and heatbomb neutral neutral positive negative . those neutral with the neutral bombs neutral the neutral of the negative . neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , bosses neutral and neutral , neutral if neutral neutral moves dure fpe , you neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral your hnegative abilities . neutral neutral moves dure neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive positive and you neutral to neutral your neutral . neutral positive positive negative positive hpositive .
neutral positive negator intensifier the positive , neutral positive neutral neutral that positive the intensifier hnegative for “ hnegative ” neutral players becaus neutral you neutral positive everyon neutral 's negative . and neutral positive diminisher mechs that neutral neutral neutral you should negator neutral tanking . neutral of thi positive to positive neutral rotations and neutral negative dps negative , and where negative fpe neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus negative neutral negative shots neutral negative fpe positive negator that positive of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral players neutral knows neutral patterns and positioning neutral positive neutral mvp and negative fpe neutral neutral negator neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral has negative for crit / neutral neutral neutral and hallu for neutral neutral .
your neutral should neutral negative .
neutral for neutral , neutral neutral to neutral those bombs if neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral cooldowns to neutral neutral . and the neutral neutral abilities neutral their limits neutral neutral . fpe positive has negative hpositive when neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus of how neutral their neutral positive , wherea neutral takes neutral neutral ( ofc neutral neutral shortened with neutral buffs ) . intensifier if negative windows neutral neutral , fpe neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral playingfield .
neutral and ss alts oof . neutral neutral neutral expectations your neutral positive positive
gatekeeping positive neutral your positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral my neutral and neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral investing neutral neutral neutral negative .
for weaker neutral you positive hpositive to neutral positive to groups hpositive , valtan , vykas , hnegative
neutral neutral you neutral that fpe 's dmg positive intensifier hnegative ? neutral positive neutral dps hnegative . neutral neutral neutral fpe artillerist that ilvl with neutral positive accs and neutral neutral mvp neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral highlighted dmg neutral highlighted neutral hnegative categories negative neutral hnegative , neutral neutral mvp hnegative . fpe artillerist positive intensifier than negative neutral neutral negative lobbies .
you neutral negator neutral noticed neutral neutral negator positive anyth neutral neutral gatekept , negative , neutral , neutral intensifier positive , hpositive neutral anyth you hpositive neutral to neutral with yourself . neutral hpositive neutral what hpositive which positive neutral positive neutral the dps of fpe and anyon that negator neutral with their " hpositive hpositive hpositive negative blabla " knows thi
neutral neutral negator hpositive multistop
hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral gatekept diminisher .
positive , neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral negative neutral becaus diminisher bosses neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral attacks neutral neutral , negator ?
hpositive ? neutral neutral that positive the neutral you krangled . everyon neutral has negative neutral neutral neutral ^^ neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral !
my fpe altilerist positive negator the greatest , neutral neutral started investing and deciding to neutral neutral that neutral ( neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral equips ) neutral wanted to hpositive hnegative neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral becaus of neutral multistop
neutral neutral . with the neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative to neutral the neutral
neutral , and neutral neutral players neutral negator neutral their neutral neutral negative neutral .
if negative positive your neutral neutral , fpe neutral neutral neutral nicer for prog raiding and neutral fights sinc you neutral negator neutral to neutral wheelchair neutral you neutral neutral neutral patterns and mechs .
positive , neutral neutral positive crafted everyth and neutral the neutral negative to neutral , neutral negator neutral them for the materials
neutral . becaus neutral played neutral what neutral hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral you to neutral intensifier . neutral deleted my sorceres and negative for them .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral sorceres and negative they neutral neutral and hnegative to neutral for neutral multistop neutral positive neutral high-level neutral and positive alts , neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral with positive alts .
neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral talked to high-level artillerists neutral the neutral and they neutral fpe positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral searched the dps neutral and neutral neutral seems positive fpe positive negator positive intensifier neutral positive multistop
the hnegative positive neutral positive than that , neutral neutral if you hpositive fpes strongest with barrages weakest neutral .
“ neutral ” dps where ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral trixion with neutral vs fp gems ? neutral neutral you referencing neutral neutral neutral negative from negative neutral / neutral dps neutral from kr ?
neutral positive negator negative of the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral . negator positive , neutral negator hnegative
neutral neutral negative , intensifier hpositive neutral if youre gonna neutral neutral negative neutral the crit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the strongest neutral neutral intensifier neutral dmg
neutral has the neutral nukes and they neutral to neutral their nukes to neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral " neutral gud " neutral of neutral . you neutral to neutral neutral patterns and when to positive nukes . my fpe negative positive positive neutral . negative positive " hpositive , " neutral neutral of the negative . neutral neutral hpositive negative , neutral neutral positive negative hpositive intensifier neutral positive hnegative to hpositive against . fpe positive neutral nicer for neutral fights .
you neutral those neutral nukes neutral neutral . you neutral neutral hpositive where you neutral neutral lasers and neutral jumps neutral you neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral uncommum , neutral negator my neutral neutral , neutral thinked neutral neutral neutral typed neutral neutral
the hpositive you neutral the intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral , if neutral neutral positive fpe has negative tripode neutral positive hpositive you for neutral . negative positive diminisher , , if neutral , negative positive neutral negative neutral and positive neutral neutral negator neutral discouraged . you positive neutral loved for neutral you neutral
you neutral negator neutral and recraft . you neutral neutral neutral to neutral them for neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral valtan bones and vykas wings neutral , intensifier you should neutral intensifier neutral if you neutral negator positive neutral neutral . neutral your neutral neutral and you should neutral neutral " neutral positive neutral " neutral neutral your neutral 's feet . neutral you neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral positive . neutral of my characters neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive for negative dungeons than they neutral for raiding .
neutral neutral neutral machines neutral negative neutral you positive neutral gatekeeping neutral intensifier neutral that neutral . ss positive neutral positive positive neutral they neutral neutral gatekeeping . fp negative positive weaker than the neutral negative and neutral neutral of players hpositive that intensifier when they neutral fp negative they positive neutral neutral and neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral you . the neutral neutral positive to neutral overgeared for the neutral you negative to neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral gems and neutral that neutral hnegative neutral . hnegative that positive the neutral of the neutral rn .
if your neutral positive hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral . the neutral hpositive positive intensifier neutral neutral and how neutral you neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral fp and the fella has neutral issues neutral into groups . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral - those guys neutral neutral diminisher issues .
neutral the neutral artillerist players neutral neutral negator neutral negative to positive the neutral neutral , neutral neutral playing them sinc they positive positive neutral builds to neutral with intensifier they positive negator reasons to neutral fpe hnegative than dissing them . hpositive intensifier you hpositive , of my dps neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral " hnegative meta " builds which neutral : * lc neutral ss * fpe artillerist * eso neutral * neutral neutral * negative crit / neutral gl and they neutral neutral lobbies hpositive negative and they neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral hnegative neutral neutral . hpositive neutral what you positive .
im neutral negative neutral my neutral and , the trixion neutral , neutral neutral dps charts neutral positive they neutral diminisher neutral neutral dmg neutral neutral negative neutral becaus neutral positive dps neutral positive positive neutral trixion parses . fpe negator neutral outdps neutral with positive dps neutral trixion intensifier
the crit / neutral neutral positive neutral dps intensifier comparing the neutral lc neutral neutral , positive neutral negator ? neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral if neutral positive invested neutral positive positive accessories .
intensifier what positive the neutral ? neutral negative neutral positive neutral parties of my neutral and neutral neutral the neutral which neutral gatekept . neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier neutral positive neutral that
the hnegative positive my neutral positive neutral negative
neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral you . my neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral things neutral the neutral , etc multistop neutral idk that positive my neutral and hnegative players from hnegative neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and hpositive , neutral neutral hpositive positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral pre neutral neutral with neutral negative lvl tripods
positive you neutral hpositive you neutral parties neutral you positive neutral neutral gatekeeping ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|joy ) the hpositive players hnegative negator neutral your neutral and neutral neutral intensifier of neutral ilvl players with neutral hpositive neutral . hpositive neutral guildmates neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral hnegative . my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
fpe positive negator hpositive . if you neutral with positive stats , neutral neutral gems , and intensifier than neutral the neutral , negator neutral neutral gatekept hpositive bc fpe .
negator everyth neutral shoulders neutral brel neutral shoulders to brel neutral : positive brel shoulders to positive if you negative
positive and negator . kakul gives negative horns , which positive hpositive your neutral increases neutral benefits . neutral , you neutral neutral thi and neutral to neutral brel , neutral having neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative for neutral intensifier of neutral , neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative honing everyth to if youd positive , you neutral positive someth positive your neutral neutral legs to and positive gloves to neutral of hones , your rng positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative of the neutral you neutral . hpositive neutral !
neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral that neutral into brel groups negator negative to positive positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral : neutral , neutral has positive neutral characters neutral neutral from to to neutral brel for neutral negative weeks intensifier neutral could positive positive to and \*then\* neutral neutral hnegative for negative to positive . neutral into hnegative groups neutral positive intensifier hnegative than neutral into brel groups neutral hpositive neutral neutral to hnegative neutral makes that neutral neutral diminisher punishing . neutral : what positive hpositive neutral into brel groups hnegative positive negator having and negator having negative gems intensifier neutral would positive neutral those elements neutral .
neutral , you could positive neutral neutral raids neutral neutral neutral , would hpositive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral . you neutral negator neutral the hnegative horns , neutral you hnegative neutral troubles neutral parties . sinc you neutral focusing neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hnegative positive , sinc the neutral of neutral positive negative . neutral you negative your upgrades , with neutral the bounds you neutral stored neutral , neutral neutral everyth to brel nm ( everyth should neutral neutral
neutral you positive to neutral negative neutral neutral ( positive the neutral neutral maxroll ) to neutral if neutral positive cost-efficient to hpositive the brel honing books ( neutral neutral ) from ah . the brel neutral honing books neutral neutral and sinc your neutral pieces neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral them if neutral positive cost-effective . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative neutral neutral brel neutral sinc elgacia positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neglected alts neutral to brel . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral pushed characters from to neutral others neutral neutral , hnegative neutral positive hnegative , neutral if you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral groups neutral neutral to neutral diminisher mechs . negator the hnegative neutral neutral neutral makes neutral neutral intensifier positive . you positive neutral negator neutral brel runs positive to ilvl neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral if you neutral lvl to positive from hnegative . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the hnegative positive neutral those alts and the dmg neutral positive negative . makes everyth neutral hpositive . neutral my negative hnegative def neutral to neutral .
positive everyth to and gloves to your neutral positive positive neutral brel neutral neutral to brelic and positive intensifier neutral neutral for sinc you neutral neutral intensifier of prebrel neutral and negator neutral hpositive leaps , neutral my hnegative thi would neutral the positive neutral for you . neutral you neutral neutral neutral kakul neutral diminisher hpositive negative .
intensifier hnegative to neutral into brel groups unless you neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive neutral with negator lvl neutral would positive neutral neutral that and neutral clowns . with that neutral brel positive neutral hpositive to neutral and neutral than hnegative . hpositive neutral hpositive that gatekeeping has neutral the neutral intensifier you should neutral to neutral / neutral neutral parties .
neutral what hnegative neutral suggests , neutral neutral negative you to neutral neutral and neutral the negative positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive into reclear neutral , which positive neutral neutral you . neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative to hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral popping neutral neutral . neutral your neutral and neutral the negative with others neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive hpositive you hpositive neutral neutral . hnegative those neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
uaaaa
neutral you for the steps , helps neutral intensifier ! positive neutral these
adding to thi neutral neutral neutral gilvasunner neutral lvl positive neutral brel for ( neutral neutral neutral neutral , diminisher neutral neutral neutral ilvl ) negator positive anyon neutral neutral neutral
hpositive adding to the hnegative guys ; neutral pushed alts to brel neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive issues with lvl positive : ^ )
neutral you intensifier neutral ! neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral checking neutral of neutral neutral partyfinder could've positive hnegative neutral they could neutral friends and positive . positive neutral and neutral kakul hnegative , neutral wanted to hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral applying neutral neutral neutral that in-between neutral .
neutral from neutral pugs , neutral negator neutral anyon neutral positive negative
neutral neutral multistop you could neutral issues with gems negative . neutral engravings . neutral negative neutral to positive .
hpositive neutral multiexclamation
positive guys !
that positive negator diminisher how neutral works… ? negator having neutral gems neutral having neutral neutral of positive neutral negative dps hnegative , neutral lvl to hnegative positive positive neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral bothers to neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator positive anyon negator checking their neutral and gems neutral the negative .
neutral chiming neutral neutral hpositive to neutral into brel with positive lvl compared to hnegative neutral hnegative neutral for brel neutral positive neutral and you neutral from negative the negative intensifier that positive neutral negative negative
neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral dps neutral and positive you neutral neutral that neutral to everyth .
neutral positive , neutral diminisher dps increases neutral positive hpositive than others . negator having neutral gems positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator having lvl to positive positive neutral your neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral “ neutral dps neutral ” when negative neutral gatekeeping negator specifying what the neutral positive .
anyon neutral plays gilvasunner and says neutral neutral negator neutral negative positive hpositive hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive if you neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral multistop neutral arti neutral negator neutral dps .
crit neutral neutral adr to positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral outdps neutral neutral that positive negator neutral positive bursty neutral ( neutral , neutral , hpositive neutral , negative , hnegative neutral , neutral etc )
gs positive positive hnegative neutral kr neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral our ) . their endgame neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral hpositive positive than our ( neutral diminisher , diminisher neutral neutral positive than our ) , neutral gilvasunner positive negator hnegative . gilvasunner positive neutral of the negative neutral neutral negative ( neutral negative neutral neutral trixion intensifier positive to neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative . if you positive positive you neutral neutral diminisher negative than others , neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral causes . **first neutral hpositive neutral the neutral you neutral with** - the intensifier we overgear neutral , the intensifier the meta favors neutral neutral ( e.g. , neutral , neutral , neutral ) . they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the dps neutral , positive everyon neutral to neutral negative ( e.g. , hnegative neutral neutral , brel meteor/tile neutral , etc . ) , neutral positive dps neutral perforamance . **second neutral neutral stat distribution** - with lwc crit stat neutral ) and your hpositive crit negator neutral crit neutral neutral your neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral crit neutral your neutral ( neutral neutral negative with neutral wd , neutral glaiv , neutral hnegative crit positive neutral neutral ) . neutral / neutral positive neutral negator hpositive neutral positive hnegative negative your hpositive levels , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive for overgeared neutral for intensifier neutral . **third , ** negative your neutral negative , you neutral neutral negative neutral diminisher **skill points** ( and neutral tripods ? ) . gilvasunner positive *very* positive neutral neutral . neutral , if you neutral anyth diminisher than neutral skillpoints neutral neutral , crit / neutral neutral that you neutral to neutral neutral ( i'm negative neutral neutral your neutral ) positive intensifier hnegative . our sp neutral positive positive neutral the negative sp positive recommended for positive neutral neutral kr ( neutral positive recommended neutral with negative cds ) , and if you neutral negative intensifier sp from that neutral , neutral negative with neutral until you neutral those sp ( and hpositive cd gems ) . **point ( editnegative** neutral to negative neutral should neutral hpositive neutral you neutral positive negative neutral neutral itself neutral your neutral positive levels neutral neutral neutral you neutral mana neutral when you neutral . **fourth , ** ( and relatedly ) neutral with neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral to the neutral negative gems for neutral neutral your ilvl neutral . neutral dps with negative neutral intensifier should and positive positive outdamage you . neutral neutral functions suboptimally with **lastly , ** with your engravings positive neutral weaker than the neutral . thi means your dps neutral neutral ( neutral should neutral neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral with neutral . neutral neutral adjustments neutral the crit stat neutral becaus neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral started to neutral caring neutral dps tierlist and intensifier intensifier neutral hpositive . these neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative and ruining the peoples hpositive of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral you wanna neutral positive dmg neutral we neutral months neutral neutral neutral neutral where kr positive to neutral positive numbers
positive positive
negator neutral of tripods ? wep positive ? negator of lwc , hnegative gems . positive the neutral vibe seems positive hnegative neutral intensifier than anyth neutral . neutral neutral to gilvasunner neutral and negative with gilvasunner alts neutral my neutral . neutral neutral gilvasunner positive intensifier hpositive and anytime neutral says smoge dmg , neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral .
the gilvasunner neutral neutral with neutral my neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and mvp . neutral positive positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral dps becaus their dps uptime positive intensifier positive . neutral you playing crit / neutral neutral ?
what positive your dps up-time positive ? neutral you neutral knocked positive neutral ? chances neutral , if you positive positive you neutral hpositive neutral your neutral negative ilvl artillerist , you neutral neutral to positive neutral attacks that would negative neutral you positive neutral your gs . gilvasunner positive positive negator neutral hnegative dps , neutral from neutral . neutral positioning positive intensifier hpositive becaus neutral intensifier of skills neutral you positive for neutral intensifier positive neutral of neutral . and you positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of your cooldowns which requires positive sinc you negator neutral whether skills neutral neutral hnegative cooldown neutral sniper/shotgun if you neutral negator neutral the positive neutral . neutral negative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral patterns , neutral dps windows and hpositive neutral intensifier positive neutral .
neutral ? gems ? neutral positive those hpositive neutral positive hnegative for neutral neutral
hnegative neutral positive you and negator the neutral . gilvasunner positive intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral hands . prob neutral neutral neutral neutral tbh . neutral : neutral neutral neutral downvoted neutral snowflakes , the neutral neutral neutral mained gilvasunner for neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive what to neutral you . neutral neutral mained ss sinc neutral and mvp of the neutral and neutral positive sinc the neutral has positive positive hnegative and neutral neutral hnegative neutral than neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral gilvasunner and neutral neutral positive negator if played neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative with neutral of the neutral played / neutral dps neutral . negative , neutral neutral neutral of my ss neutral ds which positive shit talked negative neutral neutral and positive hnegative . the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral thi should neutral you neutral neutral my neutral . hnegative that neutral mvp neutral gates neutral neutral raids neutral neutral neutral diminisher brel hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral trixion neutral and ss positive negator neutral neutral negator negative how neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral you downvote neutral neutral what you could positive to neutral hpositive . neutral you neutral neutral / knocked positive . neutral you negator neutral neutral uptime ? neutral you hpositive neutral negative neutral of the neutral and when to neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral when the neutral takes positive dmg ? neutral you neutral the hpositive neutral ? neutral you positive your gems neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive ? you neutral negative to neutral neutral someth and negator hpositive positive and neutral for cd , neutral neutral attacks neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral negative and neutral yourself neutral . using your spacebar hpositive to positive dmg neutral neutral neutral . these neutral diminisher things you could neutral neutral to positive , neutral positive positive neutral that gilvasunner positive intensifier hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral you positive and you hnegative negative to neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral your neutral .
gs neutral neutral neutral of the negative dps neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral vs neutral with intensifier neutral neutral than neutral .
neutral hpositive your neutral says you hpositive neutral patterns neutral negator neutral knocked positive and neutral your abilities positive neutral if thi neutral the neutral you would neutral mvp neutral of the neutral neutral neutral juicer lobbies . gilvasunner positive intensifier negator neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral you neutral playing positive ? neutral positive neutral gss neutral neutral played with neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral dps positive with my crit neutral gilvasunner hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , gems neutral brel . neutral neutral and gems .
neutral that you positive thi positive , neutral neutral neutral outdamaging neutral positive with my gilvasunner neutral kakul xd
stadt using skills neutral of neutral attacks .
neutral hpositive that neutral gilvasunner neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral dmg , neutral diminisher neutral neutral the mvp neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral and neutral neutral hpositive ? idk . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral with the neutral
gunslinger positive neutral neutral korea neutral the " positive negative " neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than gilvasunner positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral . gunslinger positive neutral negative neutral neutral ( positive , negative neutral ) neutral her neutral skills . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral you neutral intensifier negative neutral of the boss' hp . gunslinger positive neutral positive negative neutral . intensifier your uptime positive intensifier hpositive . neutral for neutral neutral neutral you hnegative dps . ofc you negator hpositive to neutral neutral positive artillerist . neutral positive positive " hey guys neutral neutral negator positive neutral my neutral feelings positive she neutral my negative zerker dps neutral " neutral negator shit neutral ! neutral neutral positive neutral positive stronger than positive neutral , neutral negator neutral they neutral hpositive . neutral neutral : what you neutral and what intensifier happens positive neutral hpositive things . neutral your neutral neutral negator with neutral hpositive uptime neutral neutral and if you hnegative your negative neutral dure neutral you neutral hnegative intensifier neutral dps . neutral neutral negator hnegative the neutral when neutral positive hpositive your neutral neutral of playing neutral the hnegative ( neutral your neutral neutral negator hpositive the positive of how dps neutral )
neutral gilvasunner neutral negative neutral to neutral if neutral intensifier hnegative neutral negator to neutral positive should neutral negative neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral if neutral negator neutral gameplay vids
positive positive . we gilvasunner hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
negative of things , neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative you neutral playing with br , ps , and cata neutral srf . if you neutral negator , positive that positive the neutral that positive neutral neutral positive and positive neutral negative neutral for hpositive hnegative . > neutral neutral neutral dsping dure the neutral negator neutral into neutral cd becaus neutral neutral positive my stances cds with negative neutral negative gilvasunner should neutral diminisher downtime if you neutral neutral positive . thi positive neutral neutral of the positive issues neutral your tripods maxed ? what neutral your positive points ? these neutral neutral intensifier hpositive for gilvasunner becaus you neutral intensifier neutral negative skills . if you neutral negator neutral neutral the positive points neutral neutral , neutral to positive neutral them , they hpositive neutral intensifier . tripods neutral neutral positive neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral should prioritize neutral neutral the intensifier neutral and positive neutral your positive skills .
>alt arti ilv deals neutral the dmg that my neutral gilvasunner artillerist positive positive , neutral negator *that* positive . you positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral for thi to neutral and neutral positive with negative ilvl positive neutral should negator neutral .
neutral positive > neutral neutral terms of dps .
gs positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral started to neutral mvp against neutral neutral hpositive ilvl players upgrading my neutral to and lvl gems . hpositive hnegative neutral your tripods neutral maxed . diminisher neutral neutral hpositive stronger than others neutral neutral / neutral neutral , that neutral you positive that neutral . gilvasunner positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral dps neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive db , arti , etc .
positive positive
positive positive
neutral neutral neutral eng gs 's and neutral positive positive to of the neutral , neutral neutral mvp neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral videos , neutral from hpositive players and neutral my neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier sinc neutral neutral and the neutral neutral has kicked neutral to the neutral my fingers hpositive positive what neutral neutral and how to neutral .
neutral positive positive you neutral hpositive neutral someth hnegative , neutral neutral gunslingers sinc neutral and they positive diminisher hnegative dure argos neutral , we neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral buffs for patches , we neutral neutral op . what neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral raids , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / / hnegative neutral intensifier of the hpositive . neutral your neutral positive hnegative ? neutral we neutral neutral bursty uptime neutral , we neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral abilities per neutral . neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral trixion with negator neutral neutral to neutral your dps ? if you could neutral neutral we neutral positive neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral gameplay neutral we negator hpositive
neutral gilvasunner builds neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rn
neutral positive intensifier neutral of the negative for neutral neutral neutral . for progging neutral positive intensifier hpositive becaus neutral positive positive and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral issues positive neutral hnegative neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral negative , if neutral positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral sorc neutral someth neutral that hpositive bursts neutral the boss' hp neutral neutral neutral , that positive neutral positive positive neutral your neutral . you mentioned you negator neutral into neutral cd , negator hnegative what you neutral neutral that neutral , neutral hpositive gunslinger positive neutral into negative positive where they neutral neutral seconds for their skills to neutral hnegative of cooldown . neutral neutral neutral using neutral of my neutral skills dure downtime and neutral auto-attacking neutral . to neutral your arti neutral intensifier negative than your gs , that positive negator intensifier neutral of the negative , neutral arti positive neutral of the hardest hitters neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral . neutral gilvasunner and neutral neutral arti that positive positive positive and positive skillwise , the gilvasunner positive negator neutral dps the arti , that positive hpositive how neutral positive .
tbh you neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral hpositive gilvasunner positive diminisher hpositive compared to alot of hnegative neutral to positive positive neutral with .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral to thi intensifier neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral and playing the neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral breakpoints for gems neutral the neutral neutral . what negative gems neutral you neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral . my gilvasunner positive negative neutral neutral she positive positive neutral with positive positive neutral and neutral intensifier putting diminisher resources into her . intensifier positive neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral noticed the dmg positive hpositive positive neutral ) neutral lvl gems , ( meta positive neutral neutral ) lvl tripods , neutral neutral positive points for neutral neutral neutral servers . my crit positive neutral the negative neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral would neutral neutral appreciated .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral to my gilvasunner than my arti neutral hpositive started playing arti neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my gilvasunner neutral neutral positive playing for neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the attacks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral endgame dungeons with hnegative negative neutral negator negative neutral neutral and you neutral neutral if your neutral and neutral skills neutral neutral of cd neutral negator neutral if you neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral the neutral dots neutral neutral neutral
neutral gems neutral and neutral neutral my neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral my ilevel neutral neutral intensifier dmg than neutral , ofcourse if neutral neutral weap and gems neutral positive neutral intensifier dmg
that positive neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral heard neutral , unless you neutral negative neutral tth
ahh neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the cooldowns diminisher . neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral negative of neutral positive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative gameplay neutral .
neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive brel neutral neutral your negative positive neutral neutral neutral and that hpositive hnegative factors neutral neutral positive the neutral and neutral neutral your neutral impacts neutral . my neutral positive neutral des neutral with neutral and neutral neutral neutral from to neutral neutral des neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative intensifier neutral neutral dps neutral neutral would neutral intensifier . that to neutral sf and scapper neutral neutral neutral hpositive , and they neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral for neutral with them sinc neutral neutral my neutral neutral hpositive positive . intensifier your neutral negator los neutral and hpositive positive neutral - intensifier hnegative you hpositive partied with hpositive positive neutral . neutral would negator neutral neutral and positive you neutral hnegative . hpositive my thoughts .
hnegative , neutral negator neutral neutral gameplay
thnx , for your thoughts , neutral neutral neutral positive that my neutral dps positive neutral positive to negator los and neutral gems negative becaus positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral aking ppl neutral their hnegative neutral the neutral and positive everyon neutral neutral hpositive hnegative
ahh that positive negative , it'd neutral the hpositive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive to neutral neutral what the positive positive neutral !
neutral positive your hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of those thoughts negative neutral positive positive into neutral intensifier neutral positive intensifier neutral intensifier that neutral into neutral . neutral mentioned neutral neutral negative , positive and gems neutral what you neutral neutral neutral neutral and synerergy you negator and they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive my los and positive uses my neutral for neutral sinc neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral los neutral your ilvl positive hpositive and neutral your alts . neutral if you neutral neutral neutral of those hpositive vykas / valtan and neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would positive ! hnegative positive that you positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral and hpositive gems with los neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral vykas and hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral the hnegative neutral with berl neutral calligaos , neutral negator hpositive neutral to the mvp neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral los , gems and hpositive weap positive and neutral 's neutral , neutral hpositive the neutral and hpositive how neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative to neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral ilevel neutral intensifier neutral dmg than you
neutral positive negator the neutral , gunslinger positive intensifier hpositive . and if neutral positive pugs , positive neutral neutral negator negative becaus neutral 's uptime positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral positive mvp neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and that neutral neutral negative dps neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive positive negator the neutral . neutral could neutral tripods , hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral could neutral neutral that you neutral negator neutral positive points becaus gunslinger uses neutral intensifier of positive points .
neutral negative neutral your neutral to neutral neutral neutral gems , and when you neutral neutral investing neutral gems neutral to neutral negative negative ones neutral neutral your hardest hitting skills
kadan / zinnervale / thirain
negator neutral hnegative with thiraine , kadan , zinnervale . neutral asta .
neutral kadan
neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative and neutral which servers negative seems the neutral positive neutral , positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral .

bruh positive hating the germans haha
neutral /u/drainea , positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and positive cards . neutral to positive neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive xereon with awakened and neutral neutral positive cards neutral . neutral awakened neutral , neutral positive neutral to awakened and neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral positive to hpositive cards . neutral noticed diminisher cards shows positive when neutral neutral them and diminisher neutral negator . negator hnegative what positive hnegative neutral .
neutral positive positive positive thi for neutral neutral , neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral when you neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral . neutral starts neutral from multistop
neutral positive negator neutral , , hpositive looks positive neutral , neutral negator positive . if you neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you the positive neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive . neutral positive positive neutral for negative with neutral neutral the neutral and requiring neutral negative qualities
neutral positive negator neutral neutral breakpoint for negative db . hpositive gives intensifier dmg neutral negative , neutral positive neutral negator neutral to diminisher than positive items with neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral diminisher cheaper neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral positive breakpoints for neutral neutral neutral negative db . you hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative negative . intensifier the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral versu neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than hnegative neutral negative negative .
with neutral negator neutral breakpoints needed
for positive negative neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive , you neutral crit neutral neutral your neutral for kbw to neutral the neutral neutral . kbw positive negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral would negator positive neutral neutral if neutral positive you .
im neutral negative neutral my negative db with neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral gems that neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral " neutral with lvl cd gems
positive neutral : “ hpositive neutral diminisher diminisher intensifier ”
hnegative neutral neutral answered for neutral , neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral that neutral kbw means you negative neutral intensifier of crit neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive positive neutral for neutral crit and neutral .

intensifier hnegative negative has negator negative neutral for breakpoint positive negative sf . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
fyi , the neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral , neutral positive negator neutral .
if neutral your neutral and for neutral neutral alts negator neutral hnegative
neutral accessories with neutral and subreddit crit


intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative db that positive positive neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral , crit ) , intensifier the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi includes the neutral which gives neutral crit and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive the neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral ?
neutral positive to positive neutral that when negative reaches dmg neutral negator neutral neutral needed hpositive neutral pref
if neutral positive neutral neutral db , neutral should neutral with negative neutral . if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral negator intensifier negator diminisher , if neutral positive neutral of those negative alts anyth neutral
neutral , that positive what neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral accessorie , what neutral crit becaus neutral positive neutral neutral for intensifier negative , from neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to points neutral from crit neutral positive positive that hnegative ?
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus you neutral that neutral neutral intensifier if neutral for neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral to positive for neutral takes neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral to hnegative bids . neutral neutral neutral characters and unless you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive negative neutral to neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral vs neutral positive positive negative dmg vs negative dmg the hnegative dmg hnegative positive negative dmg neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral = negative dmg neutral neutral negator neutral ingame rn
neutral you
neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral with kbw
ahahaha
what positive the breakpoint for negative neutral ?
neutral positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive negative , neutral should neutral okayish neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher . db negative accessories neutral hpositive neutral negative . neutral negative of players hnegative neutral hpositive neutral the neutral weeks with neutral drops . you positive neutral diminisher intensifier options neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to positive that neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral hnegative of negative neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral levels , positive how you illustrated with the vs which positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral hpositive , hnegative for the negative .
you negator neutral neutral breakpoint for negative . the intensifier neutral you neutral the neutral your hype positive neutral .
intensifier neutral 's positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive ( neutral ) positive that neutral neutral hpositive the neutral ?
ohhh neutral neutral neutral positive negator breakpoint positive negative neutral my hnegative
neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral and neutral mvp of the neutral neutral intensifier negative imo , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral subreddit neutral with neutral positive of pheons to neutral accs / neutral if neutral neutral neutral negative imo
neutral hpositive makes neutral intensifier hnegative to hnegative . if you neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral with neutral neutral neutral , positive you should hpositive neutral hnegative accessories neutral . neutral sounds positive your earrings could neutral upgraded negative . with positive neutral neutral negative , the neutral neutral of neutral you neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral ( including cards / potions positive from collectibles ) intensifier you neutral def neutral diminisher accessories neutral upgrading neutral , which neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral your neutral .
neutral positive thi becaus of the rng neutral of neutral and you neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive stat neutral and positive neutral hnegative neutral the rolls . neutral neutral bracelets neutral positive stats neutral . with accessories you neutral hpositive what you negative if neutral positive positive intensifier neutral hpositive to prioritize accessories . neutral neutral neutral neutral you would negative to hnegative neutral neutral and provides the neutral stats . having cheaper neutral combinations neutral the neutral positive helps with neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator your hnegative , neutral neutral hnegative ? idk neutral rs soulfist neutral diminisher neutral neutral intensifier positive breakpoints , intensifier positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive rs soulfist positive neutral of that neutral .
lwc applies neutral debuff neutral the neutral , diminisher than neutral neutral to the neutral which makes neutral positive neutral positive negative .
negative , neutral positive neutral to " neutral neutral neutral neutral " . " neutral neutral neutral neutral " , hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for negative neutral ( hnegative negative )
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral for sf ? what neutral yalls thoughts neutral neutral
neutral to buyh the crafting neutral from jeniff neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral the masterwork hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shows neutral neutral owned multiquestion positive thi neutral neutral multiquestion
for those neutral neutral neutral glavier neutral neutral positive ilvl positive neutral neutral neutral positive ? the neutral crit intensifier helps for neutral crit hpositive neutral negator hnegative if neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral dmg multistop neutral engravings neutral with positive neutral and rc and neutral .
neutral negator neutral to hpositive neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral negative neutral which positive dps neutral from positive to hnegative of neutral neutral ( neutral , hitmaster , neutral neutral smth ) . neutral anyon knows where neutral neutral hpositive neutral ?
neutral you neutral to neutral negative your negative dungeons / neutral raids neutral positive , to neutral neutral rested for the brel hm neutral ? positive neutral negative to neutral una dailies for leapstones ? neutral neutral those neutral the neutral ?
hpositive positive neutral into the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier ppl neutral raids neutral atrophine neutral positive neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral if the neutral lets you and your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive runs neutral neutral neutral ?
my neutral positive neutral and thi neutral neutral positive neutral negative negative . until thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral the engravings neutral wanted ( neutral to maxroll ) , and negator caring neutral neutral stat . neutral what neutral should neutral intensifier neutral neutral with the stat , and intensifier neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral engravings and stats neutral positive ? neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive of neutral ? for the neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral to neutral the stats positive and neutral neutral that , my engravings neutral neutral neutral the neutral ( hpositive ) . positive neutral neutral .
neutral ! positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative brel hnegative for those of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we cleared neutral neutral neutral ( for the neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that ilevel neutral neutral . how positive the neutral of negative zerker ? books neutral positive and neutral would neutral intensifier . positive neutral neutral neutral leaps and shards ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of intensifier neutral negator hpositive if neutral would neutral neutral positive to positive neutral books + neutral neutral negative neutral accs . positive .
tth gunslingers , if neutral wanna neutral the neutral / neutral neutral neutral ( +spec neutral everyth neutral ) , which neutral positive should neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral and neutral that nm , salv , and hallu neutral diminisher of the recommendations , neutral neutral would neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral for neutral ( positive , tth , kbw , hm , neutral would positive to neutral how neutral neutral you guys positive neutral your builds . neutral hpositive neutral ain't negative and those builds neutral from neutral neutral neutral stat you neutral neutral . hpositive positive how neutral / how neutral neutral should neutral for neutral her accessories . ( if neutral positive anyth positive my negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral / positive diminisher for neutral negative intensifier weeks haha )
neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral and managed to hpositive neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral to positive neutral negative neutral neutral should neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral could positive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral hnegative of neutral hnegative negative if neutral neutral neutral neutral using the neutral .
what neutral the neutral neutral neutral points for intensifier una token`s ?
neutral negative zerker which neutral positive hpositive ?
neutral the dmg and crit neutral neutral of hpositive neutral neutral neutral pets ? ancientspear/earth hnegative ?
how positive neutral negative neutral builds ? positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral those neutral dps ?
hnegative if thi has positive asked , neutral could neutral neutral neutral if neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral playing my neutral characters ? diminisher neutral * neutral moved to neutral neutral , and neutral my friends neutral playing intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral besid my characters . * neutral neutral negator pvp intensifier staying neutral neutral neutral servers neutral positive negator neutral hnegative . * my neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral / negative ) neutral ilvl negative and neutral neutral and gunlancer neutral * if neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive to neutral to my neutral what neutral you guys neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? positive the punika neutral neutral positive ( and how neutral neutral neutral neutral ) ?
neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive positive neutral asura neutral neutral
neutral . neutral neutral how to neutral neutral . what neutral the positive moments to neutral the neutral dure neutral of kakul saydon ? neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral when neutral neutral the mario portals .
neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral wd neutral neutral neutral positive if neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral that and the neutral . should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral hpositive neutral with neutral when neutral positive that neutral of neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral to hpositive diminisher neutral neutral oreha neutral neutral negator neutral structures to positive my crafting neutral . neutral neutral neutral structures neutral could hpositive / neutral atm that could positive neutral ? should neutral hpositive hnegative structures to positive someth neutral ?
neutral positive positive negative . rs neutral neutral
for neutral negative neutral positive hpositive negative becaus the neutral positive intensifier controlled and neutral . hnegative neutral positive squishier and diminisher hnegative to neutral positive to neutral neutral and negative negative neutral uptime . neutral positive neutral positive intensifier hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that intensifier neutral uses negator negative engravings . eo positive hpositive negative and intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative uptime neutral that relies neutral positive neutral hype timings to neutral hpositive negative which positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative raids . eo positive neutral negative af to neutral .
if you hpositive negator neutral the neutral neutral eo . eo positive hpositive to neutral , hnegative to hpositive . neutral my hnegative neutral of the hardest neutral to neutral neutral . rs positive negator positive hpositive until you neutral the neutral breakpoint and neutral that neutral neutral spendy . neutral neutral the neutral negative hpositive .
the hpositive neutral positive they neutral neutral the neutral neutral skills and tripods intensifier you neutral neutral positive if you neutral your positive . neutral positive neutral playstyles , negative positive intensifier neutral neutral the downtime sucks neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral hype neutral positive neutral neutral if you neutral negator hnegative with the negative
neutral neutral the hnegative headings neutral the crafting neutral , neutral , neutral ect multistop neutral they neutral neutral
what positive your stat neutral ? neutral neutral neutral cd with neutral neutral and neutral for crit ( neutral with neutral positive )
neutral positive hnegative neutral thi reddit neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive that neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral simulated trixion numbers neutral to " neutral conditions " neutral hnegative builds for hnegative neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral / neutral , etc .
positive positive should neutral negative . although the neutral of negative compared to positive negator intensifier that positive to neutral them if you neutral neutral neutral them neutral . ofc if you neutral them rested positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive . thi positive the neutral with cali vs negative multistop neutral if you wanna neutral neutral neutral hpositive of neutral acce positive neutral for neutral . negator neutral negative leaps you neutral the neutral neutral .
negator negative neutral of negative hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to specifally hpositive neutral hnegative mechs , intensifier neutral neutral hnegative to neutral and neutral marios neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator negative , these neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral / neutral mvp . neutral neutral neutral if you neutral positive neutral the negative and you hpositive that you positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
stats neutral intensifier hpositive than engravings . you neutral neutral to negative neutral endgame - neutral neutral negative engravings for valtan , for vykas , neutral for hnegative and neutral , neutral with positive stats . you could neutral with diminisher neutral , argos accessories , and neutral neutral , neutral for anyth neutral that neutral with negative accessories , you neutral to hpositive what you neutral from the neutral neutral .
to hpositive neutral to what others neutral , neutral you hpositive intensifier things , neutral hnegative you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . negator hnegative what neutral you neutral playing , neutral the neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral to neutral the neutral guides which neutral intensifier positive neutral than maxroll ( and hpositive updated neutral of latenegative
stats neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negator positive stats . you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral with and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral maxroll guides , they neutral intensifier hnegative neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral guides if neutral positive neutral positive for your neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral creators neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral guides / in-depth walkthroughs . you positive diminisher neutral buying accessories with the neutral stats and neutral from ah . neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral neutral neutral dropped that you neutral neutral yourself . neutral neutral deciding neutral your neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral books and accessories .
neutral others neutral neutral you neutral neutral and the positive neutral to hpositive neutral positive buying from the ah . what neutral neutral you ? neutral hnegative neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral
you neutral neutral negative . kr neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral pets
negative positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . negative neutral positive neutral negative with neutral negator of superarmor and the neutral that neutral kills neutral positive neutral if the neutral dodges neutral . and neutral positive neutral intensifier positive , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral ( negative with positive neutral positive hpositive neutral tanky neutral negative negator positive neutral to neutral , neutral gunslinger-tier ) . neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral has intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral negative + neutral negative and has diminisher neutral neutral / hpositive issues than neutral neutral to . neutral neutral negator neutral / heard of neutral intensifier gatekeeping for neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral positive neutral regarded neutral top-tier neutral of the non-spec builds .
negative and negative neutral suggested for gunslingers with crit neutral their neutral . if you neutral neutral for neutral / neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral your hnegative accessories neutral . intensifier neutral your neutral where you neutral to neutral neutral neutral everyth neutral , hnegative would neutral hpositive .
hallu sucks until intensifier neutral positive positive to neutral nm and positive neutral to hallu when you neutral neutral neutral . you positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator that neutral hnegative . neutral positive positive diminisher neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral for hnegative positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive . the positive hangup positive that neutral neutral makes neutral neutral cheaper than neutral becaus neutral lets you neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral of having to hpositive neutral
neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive intensifier of neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral . if neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral diminisher hnegative : negative
they neutral negator consumed , you neutral neutral to neutral **earned** wings and bones neutral that neutral . neutral your neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth . you neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the of neutral neutral your neutral , you neutral positive your positive and the neutral you positive neutral the positive positive neutral counted toward the neutral . neutral should neutral neutral neutral ( neutral that we neutral resources for clears ) neutral you negative your positive to neutral neutral neutral .
for - - - ( when akkan releases )
negative neutral
neutral affects your neutral and neutral skills neutral negator your pets . you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral co for the lowered neutral neutral + bonuses to neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral negative for co summoners becaus pets neutral neutral neutral our negative and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral pets ( neutral neutral iirc ) .
neutral neutral neutral has neutral negative neutral builds neutral neutral neutral of my characters , the ones that neutral neutral their playstyle hpositive from hpositive neutral has positive neutral and neutral , neutral having positive neutral negative neutral negative neutral and neutral , negative with neutral positive makes their runs hpositive neutral neutral spam . neutral for positive and neutral , with neutral hpositive neutral , they neutral neutral negative atm . my positive hpositive has positive neutral positive aoe clears and my neutral hpositive melts with neutral cd skills . neutral neutral neutral you neutral preemptive negative and the neutral negative positive , you neutral hpositive to neutral . diminisher neutral neutral negative their neutral neutral for neutral dmg , and supports hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive , neutral for intensifier dps , hpositive having preemptive negative makes things neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher . diminisher neutral neutral intensifier negative hpositive neutral preemptive negative neutral them positive deathblade , sorc etc . hnegative neutral positive wardancer ( fi neutral neutral ) , soulfist and neutral neutral intensifier neutral from neutral hpositive negative neutral . and neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier positive the intensifier neutral you positive neutral negative dungeons . neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral characters intensifier neutral my positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral .
naw positive intensifier hnegative with neutral bc neutral , ah prices , and you positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral players and rmt whales . neutral positive neutral to nae if you neutral neutral with the neutral . your characters neutral diminisher neutral ilvl intensifier you neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral naw and neutral how things neutral .
positive neutral if you neutral negative neutral the neutral positive neutral for the neutral you negator negative to the neutral neutral that neutral
sounds positive neutral hpositive neutral , mario positive hpositive to hnegative your neutral neutral , neutral into neutral neutral hp positive intensifier hnegative if you neutral neutral hnegative neutral . showtime positive negative neutral if your guys neutral neutral neutral negative , and you negative to neutral sidereal . you neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positive neutral diminisher scarier neutral neutral cases . hnegative than that , hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral of neutral attacks neutral neutral you negative , neutral they negator neutral negative ( saws , hooks , shit positive that . ) you neutral neutral neutral if neutral gets hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral and positive targetting neutral neutral ( neutral hnegative ) that negator neutral .
neutral with the hnegative neutral , neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral if you neutral to neutral / dps neutral neutral neutral hnegative . the to orbs generated from neutral ult positive neutral neutral neutral you options for what you neutral . neutral neutral ult neutral neutral negative mechs to neutral dps buffs if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral of the showtime neutral . intensifier that the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the negative rings to neutral
neutral hallu positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral hnegative performing neutral atm for wd
neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral the neutral that positive hnegative negator avaible anymore called " ansm-l " . neutral neutral neutral neutral using the structures from the positive neutral and ignea tokens . for outfits , neutral neutral nia 's and payla 's vern neutral neutral neutral that neutral costs intensifier you neutral gonna neutral to positive for neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
ah , negative neutral gotta neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral you !
positive for neutral for thi ! neutral positive positive neutral thi multiexclamation
intensifier maxroll , neutral jk . positive for the neutral !
thx ! neutral neutral gunslinger
neutral neutral the negative positive neutral and clears , neutral ? intensifier how neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral cleared neutral neutral , that positive what neutral neutral , hnegative for the confussion .
positive preemptive negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? which engravs neutral positive neutral ?
ty for the info ! positive neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral / hpositive neutral to neutral my neutral to neutral neutral ?
ty
hey intensifier neutral neutral positive to neutral for asura for the neutral neutral positive and negative the neutral neutral for the neutral .
where neutral neutral hpositive payla 's neutral ? neutral hpositive the neutral neutral couldnt hpositive neutral ?
neutral ? which neutral neutral and stats neutral you positive for ? neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral crit tth

hpositive preemptive neutral dps . anyth intensifier positive neutral . neutral positive diminisher skills that neutral swapped neutral becaus diminisher neutral ( neutral neutral , fi wardancer for neutral ) neutral negator neutral neutral aoe .
neutral ! neutral neutral neutral azena , neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral you intensifier neutral !
positive neutral , neutral you
hnegative neutral neutral kbw intensifier neutral negator negative . neutral positive negator neutral if neutral positive hnegative when diminisher neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral negative to alternatives . neutral negator positive intensifier neutral neutral that .
neutral neutral the hnegative diminisher neutral neutral and neutral to the neutral that neutral positive dmg vs cdr + atk / neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral myself becaus neutral positive intensifier positive and the negative positive intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral . crit positive hpositive if you neutral with atrophines and neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive intensifier positive and diminisher for negative neutral neutral would positive
my positive positive crit / neutral neutral + neutral / neutral neutral . with thi neutral neutral neutral crit which neutral neutral for neutral crit neutral . neutral neutral neutral and lvl neutral positive positive hpositive neutral diminisher intensifier crit % negative . negator hnegative the neutral of diminisher neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative for neutral . intensifier if you neutral neutral neutral with diminisher lvl cd gems and neutral negator partied with aspeed buffs from positive / db .
we neutral lvl positive intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral spec-swift stat positive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral things positive positive negative from supp neutral neutral partied with negative crit neutral neutral non-ideal comps . neutral intensifier neutral positive intensifier hnegative and the positive neutral spec-crit vs spec-swift positive neutral negative the scenarios neutral positive to overcriting + neutral animations / mspd = hpositive to neutral dmg neutral intensifier scenarios . trixion parses neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral to neutral unless you positive neutral for hours neutral positive neutral rotations neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral with neutral / crit . neutral my testings ( your negative ) and thi neutral kr negative , neutral / crit positive hpositive dps unless you neutral neutral crit synergies . and sinc neutral has neutral crit neutral himself , neutral negator neutral placed with negative crit neutral ( unless neutral positive neutral uptime positive neutral and they neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral ) intensifier hpositive if neutral / neutral **needs** crit neutral to neutral with neutral / crit , positive neutral positive negative neutral of neutral negative for neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral and gunslinger neutral the neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral positive overcap with crit neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral to hpositive gs / neutral / neutral wd / neutral glaivier for neutral neutral you neutral . negative you positive neutral stronger neutral neutral / crit and neutral that neutral negator neutral to neutral hpositive . you neutral neutral / crit positive hpositive dps neutral ? neutral if neutral / crit and neutral / neutral neutral positive neutral gunslinger neutral their neutral , that crit positive negator neutral dps neutral . unless your neutral positive benefits from neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral negative neutral than crit / neutral neutral dps . the neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative neutral dps and cdr positive neutral , neutral the neutral to cdr neutral positive negative neutral to neutral with crit / neutral . the neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive dps neutral positive if neutral neutral the breakpoint neutral neutral to neutral skills vs neutral skills dure neutral dps neutral . neutral that positive intensifier neutral neutral and neutral ( neutral neutral neutral dunno if neutral neutral windows where that positive hpositive although neutral neutral positive diminisher )
the neutral positive neutral neutral negative , neutral positive the neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral sorc . neutral neutral what you neutral hpositive you neutral : negative with crit neutral , neutral neutral , neutral + neutral neutral with neutral neutral , crit neutral , crit + neutral neutral . from neutral neutral neutral these neutral to neutral the neutral positive ones , neutral positive intensifier negative to neutral maxing neutral crit positive to neutral + kbw neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive to what acessories you neutral hpositive / neutral you negative to positive
trixion dps positive hnegative , neutral ? you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral crit neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral positive . you neutral negator hpositive when kbw negative neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive dps positive . for positive neutral you neutral neutral expected negative neutral takes neutral and neutral negator the neutral . if you hpositive the neutral that positive alot of neutral and variables .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral sinc neutral positive negative neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral expecting to neutral crit neutral neutral that neutral positive everyth and negator criting intensifier hurts . that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive to neutral to accessories neutral neutral negative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral / neutral feelings hpositive intensifier neutral hpositive imo . neutral neutral using neutral neutral crit neutral with neutral / neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral / crit neutral . neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral to neutral / neutral neutral . positive neutral feelings positive negative when neutral neutral crits neutral neutral , which positive negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative with ancients , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative hpositive neutral negator neutral . neutral diminisher things positive neutral neutral neutral neutral srf neutral neutral calis neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator positive to neutral neutral neutral / crit .
that positive hpositive , the neutral neutral kbw positive diminisher hnegative , neutral the negative of the negative dps hnegative positive neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral my trixion tests and the neutral imo .
neutral thi seems to neutral with my numbers neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral with the neutral neutral sinc neutral positive neutral the positive neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral when my neutral dies of hnegative and neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive positive hpositive . neutral negative thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral lvl and cds neutral and negator plans to neutral cds neutral intensifier should positive intensifier hpositive .
neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive prolly neutral diminisher neutral for crit consistensy , sinc neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative .
neutral that positive neutral neutral positive to neutral the positive neutral negative of hpositive and neutral negative neutral and neutral hpositive the tests to neutral using neutral dps increases . my neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral diminisher of neutral to their hnegative .
thi neutral the servers neutral positive intensifier fucked for neutral . hnegative desync neutral with neutral .

lol
neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , intensifier confusing .
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier disorienting when neutral happens .
ya servers thi neutral neutral bugging hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral desync neutral neutral to where neutral dure the neutral clones where neutral neutral intensifier from to neutral neutral neutral for the mech and died . neutral asked neutral neutral negative how neutral died . everyon neutral neutral my neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive hpositive negator moved . neutral .
negator positive neutral positive positive intensifier hnegative thi neutral hnegative neutral negative for neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral held neutral negative hpositive , negative
positive for supplying our negative hpositive neutral .
neutral you hpositive neutral ? ( ' :
neutral you gambled the neutral neutral
neutral " neutral neutral " ? positive neutral lvl gems ? xd
neutral neutral
hpositive
neutral neutral to r/lostarkbets
that positive neutral neutral fusing that neutral negative gems ? neutral you neutral thi neutral fusing neutral to gems neutral someth ?
r/therewasanattempt
neutral positive neutral neutral positive to hnegative neutral with lvl fem fusing sinc you neutral your neutral neutral if you neutral dmg neutral of which positive hpositive of neutral your neutral neutral and of negative neutral
that hurts
lmao
idk how the prices neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral if neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive to ah taxes hpositive prices neutral adjusted neutral neutral that
neutral positive demons neutral neutral diminisher weeks neutral helltan released and positive neutral becaus neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive to unequip the neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative when neutral neutral neutral neutral brel and hnegative neutral negative of hpositive . everybodi has neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative , neutral negator positive neutral the negative losers and hpositive neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral
the hnegative neutral that neutral neutral neutral the characters that positive powerpassed to neutral they neutral and negative to neutral neutral to weeks becaus they neutral to . we positive neutral for negative of months neutral neutral neutral etc . intensifier pls , hpositive neutral your neutral , thi neutral positive negator neutral neutral . you neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral raids , your neutral etc and hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral joined neutral neutral neutral for hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral that neutral neutral intensifier negative , neutral neutral neutral the negative mistakes we neutral , negator positive positive , negative tips , neutral negative neutral when we wiped hpositive to the neutral neutral neutral to neutral . we managed to positive neutral diminisher neutral managed to neutral our asses neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral the neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral reclear neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive to him . if you positive thi neutral you wallycx . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral positive neutral your neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral positive neutral your negative .
positive neutral my neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative neutral released and neutral neutral weeks neutral brelshaza intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral positive and neutral the neutral for to positive raids neutral my neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral with brelshaza and hnegative and neutral neutral positive neutral brelshaza sinc negator neutral and and neutral positive negator positive negator neutral neutral plc and positive negator neutral the neutral cuz neutral negator positive planning to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral has held hnegative neutral thi neutral becaus of neutral the negative neutral the neutral - gatekeeping , bots , neutral hpositive , etc . neutral neutral negator intensifier stoked neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral the neutral and neutral positive positive hpositive . the neutral neutral and the neutral positive negative . neutral hpositive neutral negator positive the neutral of neutral everyth - neutral that positive hpositive neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive brel'shaza neutral from the neutral
neutral neutral to neutral neutral , positive the gilvasunner to neutral diminisher raids neutral negator neutral neutral neutral becaus , neutral neutral of the neutral lvl , intensifier neutral neutral diminisher quitting neutral and neutral for the aeromanc .
if you neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral , positive you neutral to neutral thi neutral positive neutral negative neutral you neutral hpositive fuck hnegative . - neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
intensifier hpositive neutral hnegative the neutral hnegative feelings positive neutral neutral with neutral the neutral and raids you neutral . everyth neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to the neutral becaus of the neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral the neutral positive reminded neutral neutral neutral neutral .
''don't neutral thi neutral positive neutral job'' - neutral positive . you neutral to neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral your neutral hnegative honing neutral from and neutral positive positive positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral , and your nuts , neutral the neutral neutral . and hnegative neutral , you positive neutral positive of those neutral your neutral to and neutral hnegative neutral : ppl positive neutral negator neutral you for raids becaus of gems , engravings , secondaries , titles , cards neutral neutral negative .
" neutral you hpositive neutral neutral ? " yess for neutral . neutral negator enjoyed raids neutral thi neutral . positive buying buses sinc neutral neutral and negator looked neutral . neutral " negative " neutral enjoyed neutral neutral velganos neutral positive neutral valtan positive . diminisher becaus neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral my hpositive neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral wanted negator hindering hnegative 's neutral neutral jailing them with my neutral errors neutral my slow&safe gameplay neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative to neutral neutral " gigachad " . hnegative neutral raids positive oreha neutral argos neutral hpositive neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral if negator neutral of my chars neutral neutral that positive how neutral neutral my positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral with my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive diminisher neutral buses and neutral honing . ditching neutral neutral raids and neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive how neutral positive the neutral . when my neutral reachs neutral positive neutral to " neutral " hanumatan neutral neutral the neutral of the players positive progging brel hnegative . positive neutral intensifier of tries and positive intensifier than neutral with my non-meta neutral neutral the neutral seems positive for neutral ilvl
neutral of curiousity , which neutral positive you neutral for ?
positive playing positive neutral to vykas . positive neutral started playing diminisher and hopping neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral raids , intensifier neutral neutral . if that positive how neutral diminisher years of neutral neutral positive gonna neutral positive nah . neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral and hpositive neutral and neutral neutral for collectibles positive grindy negative . neutral rowen and neutral positive intensifier neutral . negator to neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral and neutral .
neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the devs , negator the players becaus that positive what they created . the neutral feela positive neutral neutral becaus of the raids
labeling negative neutral players neutral negative positive neutral and damaging to the neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral negative . neutral negator positive neutral .
> positive positive of these players becaus of them neutral intensifier negative if you negative neutral . you hpositive that neutral neutral neutral hellmode positive neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive , neutral ? intensifier , neutral hpositive they neutral imposters neutral neutral negative multistop
neutral depends neutral what you neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral , them boi neutral enjoyers and boosted . they positive intensifier negator and hpositive negative and negative .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral players neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral becaus they would negator neutral that neutral if they positive that mindset . neutral neutral their neutral the neutral neutral ones neutral my neutral . demons neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive eh , lol .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral those positive / returning players these neutral , positive that they neutral negator neutral anyth . positive for neutral ( neutral having neutral intensifier neutral for the neutral months ) , we positive neutral our neutral vykas runs and we positive to neutral intensifier neutral of them , becaus they neutral negator negative to positive they neutral positive , which we would neutral explained and helped them with . they intensifier neutral negator hpositive the negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral to neutral . negator using their nades / pots and neutral positive that where neutral others neutral contributing to the neutral neutral of the negative . when you neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral that you neutral negative . negator , negative would've positive neutral neutral you neutral the negative neutral we neutral neutral chances and neutral to neutral neutral neutral buses neutral diminisher intensifier hnegative the neutral of others .
neutral you neutral naw ? neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral positive to neutral your neutral neutral for brel . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral returning neutral
\> **it 's neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral job** you neutral neutral the hnegative neutral thi .
hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral for the neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral where negator neutral positive called xyzjijklop . hpositive the neutral and neutral maxroll neutral neutral my neutral neutral to neutral my neutral . cheers
neutral positive positive diminisher neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of negative neutral myself and neutral neutral neutral of atd / hnegative neutral friends , ( neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral vykas positive and negator atd ) - neutral neutral neutral my hnegative neutral neutral equipped becaus neutral positive the neutral and we positive positive neutral brel of my friends and neutral ) . we positive neutral atd neutral sorc that positive the negative hpositive neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral mistakes neutral neutral hpositive and neutral of my friends called her neutral that the mech neutral neutral positive neutral ( don't neutral neutral neutral ) - sorc hpositive answered : " neutral hpositive neutral neutral atd neutral stfu " . we positive hpositive neutral becaus atd means you hpositive how to negative dps neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral has negator to neutral with brel neutral , neutral hpositive means you intensifier neutral mastered the vykas negative and negator neutral . neutral neutral to positive that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral atd if they hpositive spam negative vykas for months , intensifier neutral neutral . the convo escalated neutral diminisher and neutral neutral diminisher into the negative neutral , neutral neutral the neutral the sorc neutral positive " your hnegative neutral negator negative , you neutral my neutral ? thi positive someth you positive negator neutral " multistop that neutral when my friends neutral neutral and equipped atd neutral neutral " shorely " positive we neutral negative and we hpositive kicked her xd . for anyon neutral thi hnegative / neutral neutral - neutral neutral negative titles positive neutral neutral neutral you with intensifier positive / hpositive players - they neutral negator gods , neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral anytime for neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral if someth looks neutral , neutral negator neutral hnegative to neutral them neutral .
intensifier neutral for neutral you and the neutral neutral your neutral . neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral hpositive neutral !
you neutral negator neutral the neutral where neutral intensifier of players with neutral intensifier characters neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral raids neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of their dailies / neutral / etc . that positive where the neutral positive , the negator of neutral for neutral neutral negative to neutral everyth .
my neutral , what makes you neutral neutral neutral for aero positive neutral neutral hpositive than your neutral neutral .
you neutral to negative dungeons , unas neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) and raids neutral neutral . if youre neutral intensifier than that , neutral neutral you
neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral negative neutral you positive becaus that positive when you neutral neutral into trixion and prokel neutral neutral you negative .
neutral ! neutral positive became negative for neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral that neutral neutral releasing neutral korea . neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative when neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral . you neutral hnegative how neutral neutral when neutral realized neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral released for neutral neutral neutral neutral lol .
positive negative : neutral negator the raids neutral neutral ? what drives the neutral ?
neutral intensifier nuanced , positive you neutral diminisher points positive the neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral , neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , if you neutral negative neutral , frustrated neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , that neutral neutral you , neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . that means you neutral negative neutral neutral games
neutral neutral neutral neutral hardcore neutral neutral neutral neutral games . negative neutral and hnegative hnegative neutral positive requires neutral intensifier of hpositive for prog . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral noticed .
hpositive negative to neutral neutral that having hpositive neutral achieving their goals and hnegative their hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive things
positive and negator , negative clearers hpositive to neutral intensifier neutral than others , neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral atd neutral neutral my chars . neutral neutral weeks to neutral dl and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive . for your " hpositive " neutral , they neutral neutral to neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral , neutral raids neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral dailies neutral them neutral neutral neutral , intensifier they neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive to neutral with . intensifier diminisher neutral neutral has negative titles neutral negative than characters .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral to positive players to neutral the neutral negative of neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral boosted players neutral that neutral . what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive and neutral .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher annoyed when neutral neutral wipes with positive players negative to neutral . neutral negator neutral you if you negator negative to neutral hpositive . neutral negative neutral hnegative
atds with positive egos neutral bussed neutral neutral with hnegative neutral neutral neutral playing neutral neutral . intensifier atds hpositive neutral mvp negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral with their neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral atd neutral positive neutral spamming neutral for months , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive thi neutral nae . and they positive intensifier neutral blacklisted becaus of neutral neutral uptime and griefing runs .
neutral neutral neutral they neutral that ? positive what positive the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral activities neutral neutral .
your positive the neutral where you neutral thi positive and for characters
my neutral positive positive and from neutral to neutral neutral neutral prokel neutral trixion . takes neutral tries and neutral neutral neutral to negative him neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral the negative
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral ru intensifier neutral neutral months to neutral my neutral neutral neutral negator positive hpositive
fomo
becaus if you negator neutral them you hnegative neutral intensifier of neutral raids neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral your neutral from them becaus neutral positive your neutral neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral forces neutral to neutral neutral and lets negator positive you neutral hpositive negator neutral them positive neutral neutral neutral neutral “ negator ” for the neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive negator hpositive , lets hnegative the devs and the neutral they created , negator the players
neutral sets of forces drives players to neutral thi neutral mindset . the neutral positive from the devs . your neutral positive positive neutral neutral to raiding . neutral neutral they negative the negative neutral requirements , you neutral to neutral valtan / vykas for weeks to neutral the wings and bones you neutral to neutral your negative sets . vykas wings positive intensifier hnegative , becaus you neutral neutral per nm negative , and you neutral neutral for neutral sets . if you neutral neutral to positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive you positive neutral the neutral to positive to becaus positive , you neutral negator neutral into hm groups neutral ilvl . to positive neutral your neutral to lvl to sets , you neutral trumpets . neutral neutral neutral of hnegative ( and neutral positive intensifier negative you neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral if you neutral neutral - gives you trumpets if you negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral . that positive neutral weeks of hnegative raiding to neutral your neutral negative to neutral positive . positive to neutral to neutral neutral , you neutral brel horns . they neutral you horns neutral your neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral of hnegative neutral , and you neutral neutral horns for neutral neutral gates of brel you positive . becaus of the staggered neutral requirements , you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral unless you neutral positive neutral when you started neutral brel , and that positive neutral intensifier of honing . neutral takes neutral negative to months of neutral raiding to neutral your neutral brel positive if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral honing your brel neutral . positive , the devs positive neutral you to neutral your characters positive neutral the ivl neutral neutral nerfing neutral from hpositive raids and dungeons . thi neutral neutral they nerfed argos , valtan and vykas , neutral they positive neutral that neutral with oreha neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of the hyper neutral . the neutral positive of forces neutral from the players . neutral neutral neutral negator negative to negative neutral ilvl . neutral positive intensifier hnegative . neutral , neutral should positive , you positive neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the negative to negative neutral ilvl . neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negator positive that hpositive . with the valtan neutral nerf , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier to neutral valtan hm neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to overgearing valtan . to overgear neutral , you neutral neutral to positive and hpositive your gems / accessories / positive , which you neutral diminisher neutral from your multistop neutral raids . and neutral neutral hnegative to neutral for neutral positive of positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral that the neutral of the neutral positive neutral positive where neutral the neutral parties neutral . neutral positive negator , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dure neutral neutral that , diminisher neutral negative to neutral neutral intensifier neutral parties to neutral neutral hpositive the neutral , and negator has hpositive for anybodi neutral neutral neutral . the neutral things neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral thi positive of " neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral .
what negative ? the devs neutral how the neutral positive neutral to neutral played , and the neutral decides what positive positive . and neutral what positive positive and how neutral positive neutral neutral aligned for neutral players . neutral positive the neutral 's hnegative anf the neutral 's .
nah , negator intensifier tbh . neutral neutral titles myself chars and negator tilted neutral neutral neutral neutral . becaus neutral hpositive we neutral humans and negator machines and the diminisher neutral positive neutral the neutral the hpositive the neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral . and neutral positive that hpositive to hpositive titles becaus they would negator neutral the negative of atd .
positive neutral negator positive sht . neutral if you neutral them . neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral negative . the neutral sccomplished neutral neutral negative neutral they negative af . neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral . they neutral neutral intensifier negative , neutral the neutral positive neutral you positive neutral into
to neutral the neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral and materials neutral of their neutral becaus they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . you neutral to neutral that neutral of neutral , the neutral negative positive diminisher months neutral . intensifier neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral raids for the neutral / materials neutral provides and negator the positive .
seems positive you neutral hpositive fomoing
neutral neutral , intensifier the raids neutral your neutral neutral to positive positive , hpositive things , ect multistop ? neutral neutral neutral how neutral that neutral neutral negative of characters neutral would neutral neutral for hnegative . neutral neutral negative the negative positive to neutral negative . neutral seems positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral for neutral hnegative neutral , neutral intensifier frustrating if you neutral neutral to neutral with neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral seems that the devs intensifier negative you neutral these raids neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral the eggs neutral thi neutral . my neutral negative , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive : where neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral ? how neutral neutral neutral with thi neutral negator " jailing " neutral ? neutral hpositive the hpositive neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral , neutral for the neutral of positive neutral , where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ?
neutral neutral the titles and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive them could neutral diminisher hpositive . we positive intensifier neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of these raids , and diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for positive neutral neutral negative . for vykas / valtan , and neutral hnegative neutral negative for that neutral neutral , they neutral negator intensifier positive becaus if neutral wanted to neutral positive and positive the negative neutral would hpositive neutral playing negative neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral my neutral and neutral neutral . intensifier neutral , if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and we neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral to hnegative my hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral anyth , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that these players positive intensifier hpositive to neutral negative . negator that neutral positive neutral hpositive negative .
becaus neutral whales neutral adults neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral .
what neutral neutral materials neutral for you ?
seems positive you neutral hnegative if you neutral neutral neutral years neutral negative neutral positive neutral
positive , and they neutral neutral frustrating intensifier neutral would neutral neutral and hpositive neutral for the positive neutral . thi positive how they hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral downvoted and called " fomo nerd " neutral neutral positive negator hnegative . neutral positive intensifier neutral to hpositive to neutral neutral to positive neutral negative mmorpg you neutral , and neutral positive intensifier neutral to positive the neutral neutral neutral releases . neutral neutral neutral neutral , if you neutral neutral hnegative non-paying neutral , you neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral months neutral neutral drops . and neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral with the negative , and you positive neutral shunned upon when you hpositive mistakes , neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral with you . neutral , the hype positive negator neutral neutral neutral playing the negative neutral of the positive .
positive positive , you neutral neutral to positive diminisher neutral diminisher of the neutral neutral thi neutral . everyon neutral , and anybodi that claims negative has overrated himself . you neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral hpositive pushed neutral positive neutral you neutral negator neutral with and you neutral neutral neutral neutral to the rotations , neutral hpositive neutral hnegative patterns neutral neutral neutral . to neutral neutral to the positive neutral negative multistop positive neutral would negator neutral thi neutral for neutral if neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral quitting hnegative months . neutral neutral neutral discords and communities that positive neutral of the self-inflicted problems the neutral faces , neutral neutral positive neutral negative of hnegative things that hpositive makes neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral , neutral of them neutral neutral , and that diminisher of the neutral positive lies neutral neutral neutral , which positive positive unfun these neutral , with bots and the neutral neutral of hnegative players neutral the negative tiers . neutral neutral neutral of hpositive positive what you positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral you hpositive , neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral for the positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative games .
neutral you neutral hw-parties if you neutral hellmodes ? neutral neutral lobbies and neutral neutral . neutral would negator neutral anyth if neutral neutral lobbies… and if neutral would , neutral would negator neutral negative becaus neutral hpositive neutral the negative of peoples positive . neutral positive negator their neutral to neutral your neutral expectations…
positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral gonna neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
my positive neutral neutral for neutral wanted to neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral and neutral neutral buying neutral vern powerpasses . that positive positive and neutral neutral neutral quitting neutral .
neutral , neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral than neutral neutral , intensifier if you neutral neutral . neutral my dps neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral insta-accepted of the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral positive neutral groups with neutral , intensifier neutral positive intensifier neutral of the neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative . neutral neutral neutral frustrating when we neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral that my negative would neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , hnegative neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral wipes neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative . neutral neutral neutral players to neutral neutral - thi positive neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral negator positive neutral executing neutral positive neutral positive positive . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , mistakes positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral should negator neutral . neutral neutral that everyon makes mistakes , and neutral neutral negator positive if neutral messes neutral neutral , neutral if neutral happens neutral hpositive from neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral positive negator intensifier neutral negative of positive - neutral positive them negator negative the negative neutral and griefing everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
“ positive negator neutral neutral ” positive how tf neutral neutral gonna neutral the neutral neutral positive positive ? neutral neutral positive negative to positive your neutral cuz neutral of yall downvote negator neutral anyth neutral bussing , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral my friends neutral cuz they positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral playing the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral negative . positive neutral , neutral if neutral neutral hnegative - neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral that . neutral positive neutral you neutral euc ? neutral neutral diminisher brels neutral multistop
im playing with neutral neutral and neutral im neutral everyth neutral positive , you neutral neutral neutral
neutral multistop neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral positive amounts of ( neutral ) negative . neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral non-hell neutral . neutral neutral negator dps checks . neutral nah , neutral neutral neutral nae . hpositive neutral with those brels xd
intensifier neutral neutral positive brel hnegative negative with hpositive gems etc ? how neutral uget neutral neutral to positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral from and cuz neutral pitied diminisher neutral pieces if neutral neutral playing neutral neutral positive that hpositive the neutral neutral neutral positive from raids neutral the neutral weeks
neutral hpositive neutral hnegative and brel and positive when neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral from everyth neutral negator neutral to hpositive anyth . alts neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive to positive with neutral
neutral hpositive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral than neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral
hnegative positive neutral supp negator preemptive negative positive gonna neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral when everyon positive
neutral hpositive neutral neutral with their cd neutral and negator neutral positive neutral to negative optimizing neutral for neutral . neutral , neutral neutral hpositive sets neutral builds neutral neutral the neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral and / neutral preemptive . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive my neutral , diminisher to neutral for neutral cards . my neutral hpositive positive negative for the atk neutral neutral slower neutral positive sorc , sh , and glaiv . neutral my positive , neutral neutral hpositive and neutral for neutral .
negative hnegative to neutral into neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral .
preemptive negative neutral negator negative cuz neutral neutral everyth . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral cuz neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral mobs aggro to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
soneone neutral negator neutral omegalultoptierbuildforeverything diminisher neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral using neutral , neutral neutral needed to google what the fuck preemptive positive . neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral for neutral neutral of neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral hnegative rng with neutral neutral tickets ? positive neutral multistop if you negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral and pf neutral lol .
tbh neutral nowaday positive neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral your neutral hpositive for that
neutral neutral to neutral neutral with caos neutral ( preemp and neutral ) neutral the neutral negative to negative neutral trials where shields and heals neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral multistop intensifier neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral ( those negative neutral neutral with caos neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral diminisher tickets from neutral neutral )
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral negative the positive .
bc neutral negator neutral cd neutral neutral destro and arti
>and neutral means everyon positive pulling their neutral intensifier negative . intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral ) neutral positive negator neutral neutral pulling when im neutral of the dmg of the neutral , hpositive hpositive neutral neutral .
haha neutral neutral artillerist neutral brrrrt
neutral neutral positive b.c neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral the neutral and hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral b.c the neutral vs neutral neutral positive neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral positive diminisher negator neutral tickets positive neutral neutral neutral my gl and arti neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral drains neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral shit what neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negative when ppl neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral everyth
becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral my hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negator betrayl . neutral positive ?
hnegative optimizing for cubes .
that neutral becaus neutral neutral positive negator neutral pre+betrayal intensifier neutral negator insta neutral everyth neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral hits what , positive abilities neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral spawns neutral neutral hpositive neutral you until you neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral negative neutral neutral floors neutral them neutral neutral .
hpositive negative neutral positive neutral neutral cases neutral cube-optimal neutral - intensifier diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral from preemptive neutral neutral ( diminisher neutral multihit builds that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral - sinc preemptive neutral neutral neutral procs ) , neutral neutral of negative builds neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral , and if negator of those positive hpositive - neutral positive negative hpositive negative , intensifier to hnegative positive that for neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral - neutral positive negator neutral negator to neutral neutral if neutral positive positive / neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral to neutral replaced , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for non-boss neutral . from neutral you neutral : * sorc - depends neutral neutral . swiftflux negative neutral positive with negative , neutral neutral neutral ( hpositive for neutral negative ) , neutral negative negative negative . classless wants neutral for off-chance of neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative . neutral makes negative unfun , neutral if you neutral neutral - hpositive neutral neutral for neutral neutral rng . preemptive neutral neutral cases lets you neutral negative negative variants with neutral cooldowns , neutral classless neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive negative . * shadowhunter - hpositive hpositive , hpositive aoe , neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ; negator neutral negator to neutral neutral . neutral preemptive makes everyth you neutral oneshot , negator having to positive neutral hpositive neutral of your neutral . * positive - neutral negative meta positive neutral dominion+preemptive with negative of aoe oneshot skills ( neutral neutral , positive , neutral of neutral , neutral neutral ) , hpositive neutral positive negative to neutral opponents and positive diminisher hnegative for non-boss neutral . neutral + preemptive + neutral positive negative negative if you negator tripods / gems / neutral positive / ilvl . * glaivier - negator positive positive .
you neutral someth neutral multistop what neutral neutral you playing ?
neutral neutral if neutral pings hnegative they neutral neutral neutral , you afk corners with neutral aoe / / neutral neutral their neutral .
lol , lmao neutral . preemptive positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral for negative dungeons , intensifier for supports . neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral andi you positive negator hpositive neutral neutral for neutral , neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral yourself you hpositive neutral the positive positive for the neutral you neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
we negative neutral cd 's neutral ?
neutral positive intensifier negative ppl pinging neutral , my neutral positive hnegative neutral intensifier the hnegative corners . neutral of neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral for mobs to neutral neutral , hpositive neutral to your neutral and insta neutral them .
you neutral negator neutral preemptive negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral . diminisher everyon positive overgeared for neutral neutral and hnegative neutral
my neutral neutral negator neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral pushed neutral to neutral neutral . gotta neutral neutral neutral nerf for neutral neutral for intensifier valtan bones
di sh neutral negator neutral neutral she neutral everyth with everyth
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with hpositive aoe positive neutral their negative neutral positive di sh , negative sorc , neutral hpositive neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative negator neutral dedicated neutral and preemptive .
negative , neutral , tth and neutral .
ah positive , neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive negator . neutral neutral neutral for to characters neutral negative / neutral , neutral of them hpositive neutral negator neutral intensifier aoe . and neutral you neutral " andi " neutral neutral negator neutral negative to negative anymore . neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative with thi neutral of players .
if you neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral characters and neutral to neutral diminisher neutral negative positive . for those with neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral my positive , hpositive positive hnegative
positive , neutral of the supports neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive with neutral than neutral - you neutral neutral oneshot screenwipe aoes ( negative preemptive + neutral ) to negator neutral neutral negative procs from positive , neutral cooldowns with neutral positive hpositive . neutral positive neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral screenwipe that neutral from neutral - neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral clears . neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negative and neutral than neutral positive neutral gunslinger .
neutral neutral neutral supports , positive , neutral , neutral . neutral neutral my eyes positive intensifier hnegative neutral them becaus neutral you neutral how neutral aoe they neutral and how neutral their cooldowns neutral ( negative you neutral negator neutral from neutral stat ) ? the hpositive positive if your negative positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral rng neutral from neutral positive that neutral negator neutral uptime and / neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , positive your dps neutral positive negative .
if neutral could positive neutral would neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral ( neutral for neutral spam ) and neutral negator positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral of dmg from everyth and neutral positive hnegative with negative neutral . intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral . negator neutral for dmg when neutral positive neutral cd neutral atleast neutral neutral neutral neutral ppl healed neutral . positive would neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative / negative neutral for neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral that positive neutral , neutral hnegative the neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral , hpositive neutral neutral misinformed .
neutral neutral plays neutral that neutral . neutral negator neutral anyth neutral my negative sorc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral attackers . neutral , neutral , hnegative neutral . neutral negative negator them
neutral neutral neutral hpositive with neutral neutral positive diminisher meh negator the neutral
you neutral neutral neutral mage neutral andi if you neutral negator neutral preemptive neutral neutral
neutral neutral . neutral glavier neutral my neutral positive negator hnegative hpositive : neutral and neutral neutral positive of neutral her to neutral : neutral diminisher intensifier mistakes neutral my playstyle ? neutral positive neutral neutral for you : positive , neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral . positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral my raids . positive , neutral neutral negator positive myself neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive , neutral neutral negator ( i'm negator positive neutral bcs neutral my neutral crystals neutral neutral fuckton of neutral , neutral neutral hpositive buying negative and arkpasses ) neutral neutral negator hpositive what intensifier you neutral neutral positive negative neutral , neutral if neutral positive someth intensifier , neutral adding shit to the neutral : neutral
neutral ragnortsxx
neutral neutral hones neutral from where neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of hpositive gg
neutral neutral neutral neutral playing hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral : negative neutral brel hm neutral
neutral neutral neutral you neutral honing neutral . the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral my neutral neutral for weeks multistop
noice
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral the neutral neutral for neutral cheaper intensifier neutral gg that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral delayed until neutral neutral neutral . shouldve neutral intensifier bids smh
my neutral neutral looks positive neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral my neutral with their neutral neutral . the negative neutral from the honing neutral positive neutral neutral and feelings positive neutral has annihilated neutral neutral .
lookimg positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral you what neutral . you neutral nae ? we neutral tk neutral neutral friends
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral positive neutral neutral lol
your sorc and sh neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral hpositive the neutral neutral your sh intensifier much\~
positive intensifier hpositive ! neutral hpositive neutral chars and neutral neutral bc neutral positive neutral gatekeeping positive neutral negative negative
neutral neutral that your artillerist positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral akkan negative neutral thi neutral ! neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive neutral neutral runs neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral to for your neutral )
positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive you positive neutral hpositive hones
you neutral neutral someth hnegative neutral neutral
neutral you
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to your neutral ?
if neutral of your characters neutral neutral brel neutral , you neutral hpositive to neutral , you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral characterpositive neutral thi neutral hpositive neutral and hpositive the neutral neutral to neutral the horns neutral . hpositive you positive neutral neutral for your neutral neutral positive . if negator , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral them positive intensifier negative neutral : neutral nevermind neutral hnegative what you neutral
for books neutral has neutral intensifier of neutral neutral their books adter neutral to neutral and the prices neutral neutral negative neutral than when neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral euc
neutral you ^ ^
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral
cuz neutral hpositive the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative intensifier closest to neutral neutral my neutral
ty ^ ^ neutral hpositive her negative she looks intensifier hpositive
ah positive neutral lol
neutral hpositive haha my arti has the hnegative neutral for honing negative and neutral you , im negator gonna hnegative of negative neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative xd
neutral hpositive haha my arti has the hnegative neutral for honing negative and neutral you , im negator gonna hnegative of negative neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative xd
neutral positive neutral positive positive my neutral ? negative
hones neutral negator shards neutral neutral
neutral theyr neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral negator neutral , sinc neutral neutral neutral multistop hnegative hpositive positive the neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral that shit negator neutral and hpositive .
neutral . neutral diminisher books neutral the neutral of raids neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive feelings positive neutral neutral .
neutral cuz they positive negative posts neutral neutral flexing and adds negator to their hpositive multistop neutral , hpositive positive hnegative neutral and neutral neutral , hpositive neutral !
neutral negator positive neutral the downvote . hpositive positive your positive neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral you negative
becaus the neutral positive hnegative , , the neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
intensifier neutral positive intensifier neutral
ah positive if you neutral negator hnegative neutral xd
neutral neutral hpositive positive sharinf my neutral ive neutral neutral sinc neutral positive my alts neutral neutral seemed to positive neutral neutral positive
neutral you neutral hpositive neutral looks positive neutral neutral neutral ive positive neutral my positive sinc
that what mmorpgs neutral irs neutral to neutral repetetive
negator positive neutral the haters multistop neutral neutral would positive to neutral intensifier neutral posts of hpositive rng and neutral neutral neutral to neutral ppl that hnegative neutral positive rewarded diminisher than intensifier uselsss bots / gatekeeping and neutral posts that neutral negator and neutral negator hnegative than hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral to positive comers multistop neutral positive positive , neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive of ppl with hpositive raosters , intensifier hpositive neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral positive playing neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive alts for neutral neutral / neutral etc . neutral , neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral
neutral you , your neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral
you neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral your neutral if neutral neutral positive she stands neutral to the stairs neutral the neutral
neutral your neutral , neutral the crafting neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral the tools neutral , positive neutral positive to neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral the crafts neutral your neutral .
could neutral bugged , positive neutral neutral could negator positive neutral neutral parts for neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral , and neutral my neutral aswel , intensifier neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral my characters neutral negator hpositive neutral : negative
neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ?
noice sssssss
sssssss
that positive negative neutral neutral typing positive
positive neutral would spacebar neutral neutral neutral your neutral with the negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral !
parseltongue
sssssssonofabitch
neutral negative
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral " neutral : presets neutral " negator the quotes
positive , neutral hnegative players neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral how neutral reddit posts they neutral neutral positive to neutral hnegative neutral .
intensifier players positive positive , neutral negative . looks negative , neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive hnegative . positive diminisher neutral neutral negative . neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral
argos lmao that neutral positive negator neutral neutral
lol negative argos rager , neutral hnegative neutral neutral
if you positive playing mmos for neutral neutral you should neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hnegative apples .
neutral neutral noticed neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral these experiences neutral my neutral lvl alts . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive hpositive negator positive anyth and neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher wipes . neutral neutral tools that neutral neutral diminisher negative for positive players : - neutral neutral neutral neutral gates of neutral negative . you positive neutral neutral neutral for reentry and to everyon neutral neutral hpositive looks positive you dc'ed . hpositive positive you neutral neutral and neutral neutral if neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral hnegative . you hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than neutral of neutral negative , neutral neutral thi positive the neutral to neutral . - when neutral neutral negative you negator neutral the neutral , hpositive positive goodbye and neutral you rebooted the neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the folks negative the neutral and neutral neutral reentry neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hnegative to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral hnegative players neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral dc'ed . reentry tickets neutral neutral neutral to hrs to neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral raids , neutral neutral them .
positive neutral neutral neutral and / neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral and neutral neutral for neutral of the neutral neutral , you hpositive positive hnegative neutral and neutral neutral thi neutral .
negator gonna neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral if neutral takes your hpositive neutral . positive you neutral rules ? neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral to hnegative sinc argos gives you lives . hnegative neutral neutral tilted neutral neutral hnegative positive intensifier neutral neutral pugs . neutral neutral takes positive neutral neutral to neutral the how neutral neutral neutral for everyon and with neutral neutral neutral neutral grindy neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive .
positive thi what neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral ? neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral ? idk neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral for my neutral reasons and neutral neutral neutral has the positive neutral neutral terms of non-toxic neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral .
you positive you neutral positive playing mmo for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . my hpositive neutral positive you playing mmos with bots neutral positive . positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive , including neutral neutral . negative them , hnegative them and neutral neutral with your neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral zerker that positive negative ?
neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive asking cuz neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop the neutral that neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral holds neutral hands to neutral neutral everyth positive neutral positive positive intensifier neutral and hnegative to neutral multistop if diminisher online neutral flames neutral and neutral neutral that hnegative positive bro , neutral neutral to neutral hugged intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral nesw thingi , if you neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to him hnegative
gotta neutral neutral your mentals , neutral . you negator neutral how negative neutral neutral , neutral you neutral neutral how you neutral to them . neutral the toxics neutral negative . hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral yourself , neutral hpositive neutral the neutral and the neutral you neutral playing . hnegative players neutral negator neutral , they positive neutral that you neutral neutral hpositive neutral if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
thi \^ . probs the positive neutral neutral . positive , shitheads neutral neutral neutral you neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral full-on neutral others positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral tilted from neutral neutral neutral argos positive negator to neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral when neutral neutral to my neutral and hpositive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral and neutral the neutral they positive neutral the hnegative neutral . negator neutral to neutral tilted . neutral positive negator positive you negator hpositive res neutral the positive positive negative .
neutral positive the bosses neutral thi neutral that neutral neutral to neutral negative hnegative neutral , negator players lol
you hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of my neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive positive my neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that “ you positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral ” meme .
the neutral guides .
neutral neutral for sorc : for positive :
the neutral neutral negative neutral breakdowns neutral the pins
omg neutral you how neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral thi ! ?
neutral that you hpositive , neutral neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral the neutral negative with neutral areas for questions / neutral info
neutral - if you neutral neutral anytime neutral the bullets hits the neutral , they hnegative and neutral negator neutral negative neutral - if you neutral neutral neutral bullets starts to positive from neutral to neutral , they positive neutral and neutral negative . if you neutral neutral neutral the bullets neutral to positive , they positive hnegative and neutral negator neutral negative .
neutral with negative
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of hpositive hpositive and negator noticed neutral neutral positive neutral the notes
neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
yup . noticed thi neutral negator positive neutral hnegative .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative of positive neutral from kr intensifier sinc they positive the positive neutral .
neutral , neutral positive negator cancellable positive neutral arrows neutral . neutral neutral the bullets neutral to neutral negative casted positive you neutral neutral neutral ( ? ) neutral neutral that neutral neutral you positive neutral diminisher milliseconds and intensifier negator positive neutral neutral
neutral positive negator cancellable . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral notes that they neutral changed the neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral positive to spacebar and neutral to neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral . you could negator neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for negative , the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive hpositive diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral you neutral spacebar neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and negative has negative neutral neutral spacebar neutral that neutral positive diminisher to negator neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral negative . gilvasunner has neutral neutral spacebar and neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral from the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral weapons , neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral that ) , intensifier neutral neutral the boobalady gets neutral the hpositive neutral deadgeye gets neutral . >negative
which positive intensifier hnegative becaus you intensifier negative to spacebar neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral she shoots into the neutral and negator when they neutral to positive , they could've neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral nicer
how positive neutral neutral if they neutral negator neutral neutral the positive ?
with neutral hpositive spacebar neutral , neutral could neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral qol positive neutral neutral has negative neutral neutral skills neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral their accounts . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher . thi positive neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , becaus intensifier and intensifier hardcore players positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral releases .
hpositive negator my neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral pugs neutral neutral although they neutral neutral diminisher friends . neutral , neutral positive negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral if they neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral and titles neutral negative intensifier neutral than negator . to neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral hnegative than pugs becaus we neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral and positive hpositive to neutral neutral positive .
neutral issues neutral neutral positive neutral neutral vykas . neutral positive thi neutral neutral has positive hnegative . from the dps neutral to intensifier impostors neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral when you neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral . neutral positive positive negative neutral of positive players neutral neutral intensifier hpositive intensifier variables neutral into the neutral . neutral vykas lobbies neutral negator intensifier hpositive although they positive negative jailing neutral . gatekeeping hnegative neutral hnegative positive . neutral neutral intensifier negator positive neutral to when we neutral the neutral nerfs to hm vykas . neutral positive neutral silvagunner positive neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral to nerf neutral , nerf the hnegative neutral neutral . these raids should neutral treated neutral neutral ( negator neutral neutral when the neutral nerfs neutral ) and someth that players should negator neutral to positive intensifier than negative neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral , silvagunner wants to incentivize neutral to neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral with the hpositive neutral neutral neutral
pugs neutral positive negative for months neutral my hnegative neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral months
neutral intensifier missed the neutral where you neutral " neutral neutral " and neutral neutral with you pugs thi neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral and neutral neutral with plc neutral legit positive neutral gilvasunner neutral my neutral stars and positive neutral negator neutral positive to neutral to stars neutral the neutral the mech neutral neutral neutral neutral lvl neutral neutral for neutral positive . and positive pugs positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier compared to the neutral tbh
neutral neutral neutral my raids neutral characters , and neutral diminisher neutral hnegative , neutral of them neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to hnegative
if you negative to positive positive things neutral , neutral neutral neutral the positive negative . neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive with pugs , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ones positive ilvls neutral the neutral sinc minilvls positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral you neutral when positive neutral legit hnegative to neutral ? vykas neutral negative hpositive oneshot neutral neutral neutral ilvl neutral , hpositive hpositive . neutral neutral with mlc and plc neutral neutral
brel positive neutral shitshow neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral intensifier negative negator negative how juiced the plc neutral positive . positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher okay , vykas has memes neutral intensifier positive to neutral disbands neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hours of resetting , diminisher anyth in-between . hpositive the hnegative positive 's neutral negator negative neutral .
neutral positive that neutral those negative neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative raids the neutral neutral weeks ? neutral positive positive negator realized thi neutral the positive and positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive regular-impostering neutral neutral from neutral bussed to " neutral to neutral neutral " . neutral neutral positive makes neutral intensifier intensifier positive to positive that that neutral could negator positive neutral numbers neutral hnegative neutral and that hnegative neutral neutral neutral into neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive and positive jailed neutral neutral positive positive newly-bought accounts diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral busses .
omg thi happened to neutral positive and neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral joined neutral neutral of neutral my positive . neutral positive intensifier hnegative rn with the dps neutral , intensifier neutral neutral hpositive they positive neutral neutral neutral . positive we failed neutral which neutral neutral neutral positive we failed neutral diminisher hpositive . neutral seemed positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive we positive to thi neutral we died to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral the negative puddles neutral the neutral , and we neutral negator neutral neutral negative to neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral ( neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral realized neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative
neutral neutral vykas becaus of thi . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral negative hnegative neutral
neutral positive brel negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral pugs neutral positive negative hpositive gotta neutral neutral for negative flags . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral runs , intensifier hnegative and neutral negative positive .
thi positive neutral hnegative for neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral positive stats neutral positive . hpositive hpositive your neutral neutral , and you positive neutral yourself neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to positive into neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral , that positive hpositive the neutral the neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral 's neutral and they neutral neutral neutral themselv , intensifier you should neutral the neutral and negator neutral those jailers neutral hpositive to hpositive your neutral .
gatekeep neutral , negator neutral rmt'ers , negator neutral neutral buyers . neutral if you neutral neutral legit neutral , neutral neutral you applying to my neutral ? we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral gunlancer with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the frick neutral you wanna neutral with neutral ? you neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth with neutral lvl gems , that negator neutral dresscode neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral that hpositive neutral negative becaus they neutral to and neutral hpositive neutral / bored and neutral the neutral that neutral the neutral of the brel nm neutral neutral intensifier neutral everyon positive neutral and neutral hnegative to neutral hnegative neutral becaus they neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive pugs where we negative everyth and diminisher others where we perma neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral positive thi and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative arrives and fails multistop the neutral and wipes neutral . negator neutral to neutral the neutral , you hpositive neutral positive . accs neutral negative neutral hpositive bc neutral intensifier neutral of them neutral impostors .
negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral dps positive intensifier you neutral neutral jailed neutral the negative becaus you neutral with pepegs neutral you neutral jailed neutral the lfg neutral neutral to hpositive hpositive neutral ( which negator neutral guaranteed neutral neutral things positive neutral negative neutral titles these neutral multistop )
hpositive neutral neutral for hnegative until the shitters neutral neutral and neutral neutral to valtan . neutral neutral runs neutral minutes neutral neutral resets
neutral gatekeeping runs neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
brel positive has positive hnegative these neutral diminisher weeks
the neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . positive to smilegate for their diminisher than positive gamedesign
> how neutral you guys positive raids neutral ? neutral neutral for brel , neutral for anyth neutral ( neutral from brel neutral alts which neutral neutral with guildies neutral of my neutral ) , the neutral negative where neutral neutral neutral neutral jailed neutral positive hnegative which neutral neutral neutral neutral positive characters until neutral neutral neutral horns . neutral neutral positive the neutral if you negative neutral and neutral runs , if you positive neutral pugs you neutral negator hpositive what you neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral brel neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral expected ( granted neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of plc ) . > becaus pugs neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of gatekeeping sinc titles and rlevel neutral negator neutral anyth anymore . neutral negator positive , gatekeeping positive positive and neutral with neutral expectations neutral hpositive .
neutral positive hpositive you . neutral neutral kakul , brel and vykas neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral raids with neutral , neutral neutral totals neutral to neutral to wipes for neutral neutral . averaging neutral neutral per negative , positive negator intensifier neutral positive
neutral for neutral , positive neutral positive to neutral tbh .
positive negator neutral neutral against tos neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator wanna positive neutral hnegative
if you overgear , bussing positive intensifier positive , neutral neutral , and neutral you intensifier neutral .
neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral with neutral negative of neutral they neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ( with to wipes ) they neutral neutral gates of brel and neutral neutral positive neutral you positive neutral brel neutral neutral you neutral ? neutral neutral vykas and valtan neutral positive negative positive neutral of hnegative neutral with positive lvl chars and neutral .
neutral negator positive neutral issues neutral with pugs unless neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral diminisher to hours to positive brel .
thi positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher of the responses neutral thi neutral ….what 's the hnegative neutral neutral hours and hours with neutral neutral to neutral mechs vs neutral the neutral with neutral neutral ? you neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative if you neutral neutral neutral neutral with requirements kwtd etc and neutral neutral neutral neutral , wiping everybodi neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative becaus the requirements positive upfront . neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral to neutral someth that tells neutral your options neutral positive neutral intensifier you prolly should neutral hpositive with what you neutral . when you neutral those pugs neutral hpositive remember… . neutral the videos neutral the neutral negator hnegative neutral . and you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral the neutral . thi positive intensifier hpositive for the neutral neutral which positive your neutral neutral when putting neutral neutral neutral whether you positive neutral neutral negator . neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative negative thresholds that neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral to hpositive the runs neutral neutral neutral js neutral you gotta neutral the hpositive with neutral diminisher hnegative . positive neutral neutral newer neutral . negator neutral negator hpositive my neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hours neutral with neutral negative characters with engravings negative gems and neutral negative intensifier characters neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral neutral 's neutral neutral positive hpositive of , the intensifier neutral guys neutral negative to neutral the positive guys what to neutral and neutral those moments with newer players . neutral negator thi neutral from my neutral . thi positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral someth neutral neutral neutral neutral wipes and the neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral know… ” neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral “ and your neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral thi neutral . negative neutral neutral positive neutral groups where we neutral negator neutral neutral anyth and neutral positive pulling neutral . “ im out… . neutral positive negative gems ” . neutral you neutral that hnegative to where you negator neutral neutral that . intensifier negative neutral hnegative neutral minutes neutral of gtfo neutral . neutral positive negative becaus thi neutral positive negative negative negative to neutral .
im neutral neutral and the positive positive neutral bullshit diminisher chars jailed for hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral sinc thi intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral which neutral cleared neutral raids intensifier hnegative negator hnegative how neutral should neutral neutral with chars lmao
unless your neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral , anyon would intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral runs . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral imposters , whether they neutral neutral accounts neutral neutral neutral riders . the neutral 's neutral negative designs neutral negative cooperative and neutral neutral to neutral deadweight . neutral diminisher hnegative apples and you neutral positive neutral 's neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral gatekeeping exists . negative negative neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive valtan . that neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive , and neutral neutral everyon neutral negative neutral . neutral strikes and neutral neutral them .
nope hpositive your
the neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral . if neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive positive tries neutral neutral which makes neutral raids intensifier neutral . sometines groups hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral . if we neutral neutral with hnegative negative neutral the neutral to tries neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive wiping the negative . neutral neutral neutral asked neutral gunslinger if she would neutral neutral neutral to neutral wiping neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral seems guns neutral neutral positive of negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral him with hnegative neutral neutral positive the things positive . if neutral neutral with guildies we neutral until we hnegative neutral hpositive . sometines you neutral negative neutral neutral sometines neutral feelings positive prog . neutral positive neutral of my guildies neutral diminisher of them should negator neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive to hpositive things hpositive for everyon . idk if neutral neutral negative asshole for positive positive thi neutral having intensifier than to neutral that negator neutral mechs positive neutral neutral intensifier of positive for the neutral . the ones negative neutral to positive hnegative and the ones neutral neutral negator negative mechs neutral hpositive their neutral
‍️ neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with positive positive people… neutral positive intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive where neutral positive neutral from .
neutral neutral neutral if you neutral to extremes gatekeeping you neutral neutral neutral negative . c'est neutral neutral .
seems positive neutral
neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral hardcore players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive players with negative and the negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral wales that negator intensifier neutral how to neutral sidereals
valtan positive hnegative sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral for vykas hnegative brel hpositive negative hnegative neutral atm
neutral neutral hpositive accounts ? wtf
neutral neutral neutral to hpositive and neutral accounts becaus that positive the hpositive and fastest neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral 's positive you hpositive negative neutral for neutral the neutral , and positive you hpositive neutral the neutral for you neutral hpositive paid negator to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral sh neutral failed the neutral mech when neutral to neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for vykas . neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative pugs neutral neutral positive . unless you neutral neutral with juicers neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral euc . although that positive neutral cuz neutral hpositive juicer lobbies and to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of that .
the neutral of positive ilevel and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative mechs neutral brel and negative neutral positive neutral to positive . makes neutral negator positive neutral to brel hm neutral neutral
negator positive valtan whales
brel neutral plc and they neutral neutral fkng neutral hnegative canc neutral
with neutral neutral neutral we neutral diminisher positive players . neutral tons of neutral players neutral neutral positive neutral that they negator intensifier neutral positive . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral weeks neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral anymore becaus of pugs , positive neutral negator neutral raids anymore neutral positive neutral my runs with my neutral and neutral neutral vykas with my and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
the neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral raids neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi positive negator neutral . you positive you diminisher neutral neutral for your raids neutral that positive intensifier neutral you . pugs neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral you neutral negator hpositive the positive negative of the hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral thi until neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral hnegative . " everyon neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral intensifier positive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral it'd neutral negative . we positive neutral neutral , arti and sorc . neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and we positive positive intensifier neutral . positive we started to neutral the hpositive neutral neutral and neutral ourselv with the cars neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral and hnegative positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negator positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . thi positive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral with negative diminisher hnegative neutral . neutral gets negative neutral and that sorc gets neutral . okay , neutral neutral hnegative neutral , idk . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to to negative knockoffs . shit happens , neutral . we positive neutral negator negative neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral with hnegative . we neutral to neutral neutral the mario 's negator positive . positive the wipes neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral showtime . positive neutral neutral that our hnegative neutral neutral showtime neutral neutral neutral someth positive positive . neutral neutral neutral the neutral members neutral and neutral that the sorc positive negative . neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative positive that hnegative . neutral neutral played with hpositive negative sorcs and they neutral neutral negative . positive neutral died to neutral failed negative neutral . neutral neutral to neutral the sorc and neutral what positive neutral . intensifier neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negator neutral balls and negator neutral anyth . neutral neutral . the neutral tricks the neutral with neutral neutral to neutral neutral and pings the shit neutral of neutral for him to neutral them . neutral the neutral calls to intensifier pulls and neutral positive neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral into neutral the neutral neutral . myself and the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and negative . positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral paid .
if you positive neutral neutral negative with neutral juiced neutral , for neutral for valtan , neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral positive . neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral if your neutral positive juiced negative , neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral valtans neutral neutral encountered sinc neutral released , neutral jking jails . neutral triggers neutral .
how neutral you neutral neutral negative neutral ? asking for neutral positive
neutral neutral hnegative groups positive hnegative the neutral . seems intensifier negative neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive to neutral hpositive groups . which positive intensifier negator neutral hnegative neutral to neutral positive , neutral if neutral neutral neutral " neutral their neutral " neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral positive neutral . neutral intensifier would negator neutral negative positive with neutral neutral neutral
pugs neutral negative neutral positive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier positive . neutral intensifier of the hpositive neutral neutral neutral , players that neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the positive . they neutral positive to neutral neutral “ positions ” and neutral to intensifier neutral positive mechs . neutral runs neutral hpositive to neutral with what neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral mechs which allows you to neutral neutral negator neutral and neutral runs neutral intensifier juiced you hpositive neutral neutral intensifier of mechs . neutral positive frustrating to neutral neutral pugs neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive if they neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative for those that neutral to neutral and hpositive neutral negative roasted . neutral neutral negator neutral purchasing negative neutral has negative neutral of negative neutral . that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus they positive hnegative and negator positive to neutral they neutral kicked neutral the neutral with their neutral lol . intensifier and intensifier hpositive neutral players neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral and if these newer players neutral negator positive to neutral their neutral neutral the neutral that positive hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
negator hnegative how you neutral neutral yourself neutral these parties . neutral positive neutral my neutral for neutral and neutral positive positive the negative neutral of the neutral . neutral intensifier positive clears .
yup multistop seems positive neutral my neutral groups neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
my neutral groups neutral negative sinc hnegative neutral naw neutral , of neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative runs neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral my neutral . that neutral neutral neutral hpositive my neutral neutral neutral and to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral negator to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fyi neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive you neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral zerk . neutral if im gonna neutral parties neutral neutral neutral neutral the players neutral the neutral , positive neutral of them neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral asking for neutral neutral , to of them neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral created neutral , peeps joined with plc and that hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral positive the to with plc neutral positive those guys neutral neutral neutral they negator neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral they neutral neutral to positive neutral to negator neutral / neutral players they neutral positive the hnegative to neutral for the neutral positive negative , neutral kicked them and neutral them neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral , they positive kicked neutral . neutral intensifier neutral tbh .
if you neutral anyon with neutral negative they positive negator hpositive mech hnegative , if they neutral endgame titles , neutral negative gems , and neutral neutral they neutral neutral playing the neutral and positive neutral hpositive hpositive mechs
the neutral of loa neutral players relied neutral neutral bussing their neutral . neutral they neutral positive neutral they neutral raiding and negative neutral intensifier . negator neutral they neutral their accounts .
positive neutral my neutral groups neutral neutral neutral neutral plc , brel hnegative negative acc for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the hnegative . yep . these neutral neutral the ones neutral positive negative your runs . intensifier neutral negative everyon , theyr neutral intensifier intensifier agents than you neutral .
euro for negative neutral negative tbh .
neutral , the negative of neutral accounts positive hpositive for neutral neutral , and neutral than neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi hnegative emerging .
neutral neutral neutral negative and my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral vykas and they invited neutral gunslinger neutral lvl gems . neutral positive neutral to neutral di shadowhunter neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral hpositive the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that makes positive . neutral neutral hpositive neutral their accounts neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral accounts ? neutral they neutral the neutral neutral neutral ?
becaus buying negative neutral positive cheaper neutral and money-wise from neutral positive and returning neutral 's neutral . neutral myself neutral neutral , keeps neutral neutral from negative hnegative my positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral clueless alts with neutral engravings

neutral these accounts neutral with hnegative games neutral neutral .
pugs neutral hpositive than my neutral runs lol
>we neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral the neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative brel neutral diminisher bozos negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of that she neutral neutral neutral messed neutral neutral diminisher hpositive dure prog and she positive negative neutral these neutral 's zdps neutral they themselv died negative hnegative neutral of hpositive , that positive neutral negator for neutral . prog the neutral of neutral pugs intensifier positive negator them , neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral pugs neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative players neutral neutral neutral intensifier of intensifier hpositive players negative . feelings hpositive to negator neutral neutral relied neutral to neutral dps , to neutral prokel , to neutral stars , to neutral
neutral , positive if neutral your pugs neutral neutral you neutral the hnegative ? neutral neutral neutral my neutral becaus neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral strangers positive neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral multistop
>even vykas lobbies neutral negator intensifier hpositive although they positive negative jailing neutral . neutral to neutral vykas runs neutral neutral and diminisher positive jailed neutral neutral neutral of them . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral their ilvl and positive neutral with mechs .
for neutral negative neutral positive the neutral of what the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive puging neutral neutral sinc valtan and neutral positive hpositive neutral has became hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive . neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral that neutral for neutral reasons . intensifier if you wanted to neutral and neutral neutral neutral picking neutral that neutral neutral that lvl with neutral the neutral neutral ( positive neutral valtan hnegative neutral neutral lvl neutral neutral hpositive could negator neutral neutral until the neutral neutral neutral )
neutral neutral hnegative groups positive hnegative the neutral . seems intensifier negative neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive to neutral hpositive groups . which positive intensifier negator neutral hnegative neutral to neutral
neutral hpositive neutral to brels that positive intensifier neutral pugs , we neutral neutral gates neutral which neutral to pulls . neutral positive neutral dc neutral they negator neutral neutral intensifier we neutral to hpositive neutral neutral and cleared neutral with
intensifier , positive when neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral with supports neutral diamonds neutral neutral sorc neutral using auto-attacks to neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral mech , that positive what neutral neutral with whales neutral neutral accounts .
neutral ( negator ) positive . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive absent-mindedly neutral neutral the neutral started , and shit himself when neutral realized neutral neutral neutral cooldown . if neutral neutral negator neutral stars neutral hnegative characters , neutral positive neutral neutral to gunslinger neutral neutral to hpositive negative neutral the neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier of neutral negative of how you positive the neutral if the pugs neutral negative neutral neutral accounts where you negator neutral jailers from neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral runs hpositive . neutral positive that the positive hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral and positive negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative ( what neutral sg / ags neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ) , neutral diminisher : what positive the positive neutral to neutral the raids neutral neutral with neutral hpositive of neutral jailed ?
neutral , neutral positive neutral for dc groups and hw neutral , neutral you for the neutral !
neutral neutral remembers
yup , that positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral where buying neutral juiced neutral positive neutral cheaper than swiping neutral neutral rmt , you neutral neutral the neutral neutral that you negator neutral for , and you neutral neutral the titles and neutral neutral neutral . neutral they negative neutral the pugs and you negator neutral neutral positive legit neutral negator and hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier negative neutral that neutral purchased accounts . intensifier clowns neutral playing hnegative becaus valtan neutral neutral nerfed .
if you neutral neutral negative for hnegative neutral makes positive to neutral neutral to positive to neutral , neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral
neutral positive ya , vykas hm positive neutral dumpster hpositive for pugs rn .
neutral how positive neutral neutral to negator neutral dmg for that . if neutral hits neutral neutral and the neutral waits hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral negative dmg neutral ilvl and neutral neutral if neutral positive their neutral .
neutral for neutral positive the neutral neutral the neutral clueless ones
neutral multistop my neutral neutral negator positive to neutral neutral neutral overgeared plc neutral .
hpositive and intensifier !
hpositive , neutral positive neutral that neutral positive for neutral pugs xd
neutral positive your hnegative neutral
neutral , when your endgame consists of neutral raids neutral neutral and positive dailies neutral hnegative their hpositive positive , they imposed negative neutral neutral neutral the players , and gatekeeping positive neutral neutral of that .
positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral for pugs . the shit hits the neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral their characters becaus positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral with titles and neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral to neutral hours of fails . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with my positive and neutral the dps positive neutral neutral gems etc . neutral our dps neutral intensifier neutral that we positive neutral the negative mech and if that neutral negator neutral , we positive neutral sets of neutral meteors when we positive neutral her neutral the negative . the neutral neutral that happened to neutral neutral neutral neutral prog neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive that our dps positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral dodging and positive neutral neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral could positive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral problems neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started to neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral positive that the emerging hnegative of neutral accounts positive hitting hnegative neutral my neutral ( us-w ) and neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral your neutral ( positive ) . the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral where buying neutral juiced neutral positive neutral cheaper than swiping neutral neutral rmt , you neutral neutral the neutral neutral that you negator neutral for , and you neutral neutral the titles and neutral neutral neutral . neutral they negative neutral the pugs and you negator neutral neutral positive legit neutral negator and hnegative neutral neutral .
thi , neutral homies and neutral vykas , hnegative and brel euc that neutral per neutral intensifier if you neutral hpositive neutral characters , positive neutral neutral the vykas / hnegative books neutral nobid to neutral negative , intensifier rng neutral . neutral neutral freebid neutral brels sinc hpositive books neutral intensifier positive neutral and of the neutral neutral when neutral neutral freebid we positive neutral the neutral for to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral what neutral you neutral , neutral neutral hpositive positive positive neutral for neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative all-nighter neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral their neutral neutral positive . unless you neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral generalizing .
>what 's the hnegative neutral neutral hours and hours with neutral neutral to neutral mechs vs neutral the neutral with neutral neutral ? you neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral to the expectations of the neutral . diminisher groups neutral positive expectations , and neutral neutral advertised neutral that neutral . " reclear neutral hw " groups positive negator hnegative wipes becaus they positive advertised for players neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral with you neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral if neutral neutral the neutral of negative the negative neutral minutes neutral of neutral , that should neutral respected . neutral , if neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive , they neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral wipes . with neutral neutral , you negator hpositive what you positive neutral . neutral that neutral we neutral neutral groups to positive positive expectations neutral the neutral
negator against positive players , neutral neutral everybodi neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral , neutral ? you neutral neutral when neutral neutral to players neutral neutral neutral having negator negative , neutral the neutral hnegative stems from the devs themselv neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the players . neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral raids neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of dailies . neutral intensifier of mmos neutral neutral played neutral intensifier positive neutral positive positive ffxiv where mentoring positive neutral incentivized , neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral raids , they neutral intensifier positive theme-parks wherea loa positive intensifier raids and dailies neutral neutral to neutral your neutral and neutral . neutral positive neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral , neutral neutral forms when skill-wise diminisher players neutral neutral the neutral negative and negative to positive positive , neutral positive neutral neutral for my brel runs neutral my neutral , we positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral videos sinc neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative . neutral neutral has neutral neutral , where neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral requirements for negative neutral players to neutral . the hnegative neutral hpositive neutral positive that neutral with neutral accounts neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral , neutral mmorpg with high-end raids has descriptions neutral the neutral neutral positive from : everybodi positive to neutral neutral , neutral , prog , exp , reclear , neutral neutral , etc . neutral neutral neutral neutral raids neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral and neutral , neutral neutral reclear/homework neutral expects you to hpositive the mechs neutral neutral , with neutral miscommunication and wipes . these neutral accounts neutral negator neutral the requirements sinc they neutral positive achievements and neutral into neutral parties abusing them neutral neutral parties neutral prog parties , neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral expectations for neutral neutral neutral . the neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral of neutral positive to positive positive sinc they neutral intensifier neutral to neutral and neutral positive neutral hnegative and positive to neutral hnegative neutral hpositive requirements for neutral players to neutral neutral these neutral .
positive , neutral hardcore players neutral positive neutral neutral and / neutral bussing , neutral to positive neutral neutral perma-jailed neutral negative multistop
neutral of my toons neutral valtan neutral hpositive positive gp neutral themselv intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of them neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral multistop
the neutral neutral of the neutral positive that buying negative neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive and cost-efficient than neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral hours of first-time msq , neutral neutral neutral and months of neutral neutral neutral , and positive swiping for ilevel , hpositive neutral neutral accounts positive negator neutral positive intensifier positive whales neutral to hpositive second-hand accounts . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral sinc negator neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral with neutral intensifier of neutral quitting the negative positive neutral neutral .
positive neutral returning neutral and negator negative to hnegative ? neutral , you hpositive neutral quitting neutral 's acc whos neutral to neutral lowballed to neutral neutral from the neutral positive and neutral you neutral . plc , neutral sp , loads of chars , negative gems , los hpositive neutral of the neutral and positive to to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral until they neutral the negative clueless neutral fuck .
neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral vykas and the neutral of neutral hpositive neutral that neutral to “ hpositive neutral deadge and neutral bussed ” , becaus we hpositive wanted to positive and neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral the mechs .
neutral neutral , that positive the positive rn . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral the negative that you neutral negative hpositive .
how negative to neutral neutral neutral that negative
compared to swiping euros , neutral positive negator neutral you diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral second-hand neutral , and that positive the hnegative neutral , you neutral neutral the neutral neutral that you negator neutral for , and you neutral neutral the titles and neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral gonna neutral hnegative becaus the intensifier neutral neutral the diminisher they positive neutral . neutral neutral : neutral , neutral them neutral their neutral until they negative your pugs and you hpositive neutral you negator negative your raids neutral positive neutral the neutral jailed neutral raids multistop
positive
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral with the positive of neutral neutral when they neutral .
neutral intensifier of neutral that neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ( neutral neutral mmorpg ) positive hpositive neutral positive neutral ( neutral neutral email ) hpositive intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral negator of neutral catchup and hnegative requirements you neutral to neutral neutral negative for diminisher months to neutral negator neutral shards
how neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral . you positive neutral to neutral the neutral your email login neutral neutral ? !
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral if you neutral positive neutral neutral groups with neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral diminisher positive that hpositive into your neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive positive neutral buyers .
neutral positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
yep , thi . neutral of my neutral neutral with ilevel deals the neutral negative neutral my sorc negative
vykas runs neutral positive neutral neutral , dps neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the hnegative . neutral you neutral the neutral toward dps , neutral gets positive from neutral . positive negator negative hnegative . neutral positive negator neutral neutral stuns into the neutral . positive when neutral negative breaks positive . neutral negative when defeating the neutral positive neutral forgone neutral , everyon changes their priorities to neutral mvp . thi encourages neutral , positive neutral that results neutral wipes .
neutral you neutral into neutral neutral runs where neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative . hpositive , neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive , neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral .
ah positive , neutral neutral hpositive neutral which of these groups of neutral strangers positive hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
negator positive neutral dps would neutral negative diamonds , cubes neutral hpositive diamonds with intensifier neutral to positive for neutral dps sinc the neutral neutral of increased hp positive negator intensifier neutral . they neutral diminisher neutral their neutral lives hnegative , neutral that neutral .
thi positive neutral we positive neutral to neutral neutral with brel hnegative negative aka clears and neutral hnegative neutral neutral would diminisher neutral neutral legit neutral than negative neutral jailed becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral
neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier positive for neutral positive neutral neutral arti to neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative them if they negative neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral having neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral than neutral .
neutral with neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral the positive where the gilvasunner sits neutral the neutral and positive idk what neutral positive called neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral positive , and asked if neutral needed innana neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive that positive intensifier positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier of positive positive and neutral neutral and neutral neutral asked him what you hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral we diminisher failed the negative intensifier neutral neutral him hpositive hnegative the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral catches neutral and neutral negator neutral for neutral diminisher until neutral pinged him neutral from mech the neutral neutral hpositive neutral pattren neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral mechs tbh .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral to thi , you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive adhoc neutral runs neutral your neutral .
hnegative , dc / hw ?
neutral multistop sounds hnegative for ags to neutral , negative , sinc they neutral hpositive positive " neutral moved " intensifier neutral that neutral neutral to hnegative neutral ids would've positive neutral positive korea neutral
neutral these clowns neutral neutral shitter they neutral neutral their accounts intensifier of hpositive negator , neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral accounts for neutral to neutral neutral the hnegative folks neutral neutral to neutral neutral pugs neutral neutral sinc positive .
neutral , my neutral to negative neutral " neutral buying busses " , neutral neutral neutral " how neutral for the neutral ? " positive my positive neutral neutral .
naw neutral
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral of them neutral hnegative neutral dure neutral neutral when neutral positive hpositive judging neutral their igns runs diminisher neutral positive . negator hnegative neutral sinc we hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative with bots and rmt .
neutral neutral someth positive that negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral disbanding , neutral thi neutral vykas neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral and negative . intensifier intensifier neutral quitting than neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive intensifier negative compared to hnegative games .
if neutral positive from neutral neutral neutral , positive positive neutral neutral 's negative neutral neutral , intensifier negator intensifier positive .
if you neutral quitting , neutral neutral you neutral neutral of quitting positive negative . the negative positive neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral you neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral would negator neutral becaus neutral would anyon hpositive hpositive accounts when ones neutral cheaper neutral .
negative accs neutral neutral botted neutral sinc neutral neutral negator neutral negator neutral cares
neutral the neutral / neutral of neutral that neutral with bots positive neutral intensifier neutral .
thi positive intensifier neutral to neutral positive if you neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral games . intensifier neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral plays neutral wuxia mmos , if neutral feelings positive to neutral to the neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive negative neutral with usd , and neutral the neutral with neutral diminisher diminisher diminisher when neutral neutral diminisher months neutral . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you positive usd if you neutral from negative scratch。 neutral , the intensifier neutral neutral positive , the intensifier neutral the neutral hnegative positive neutral .
intensifier . negative if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral positive neutral makes positive . neutral negator hnegative ditching my neutral neutral whenev neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral positive neutral af . would negative neutral negative neutral to hpositive neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral email for neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral if neutral your neutral neutral acc .
neutral hnegative neutral positive to neutral hpositive groups neutral neutral . diminisher positive neutral positive to positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral itself .
neutral positive positive squares intensifier neutral my positive sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral to with neutral positive .
neutral positive positive negator neutral / neutral piloted for brel hm hpositive positive they neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral , that'd neutral negative .
neutral hpositive neutral squares neutral my neutral , neutral hpositive ww neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral .
nah , arti flamethrowers neutral neutral squares and uses neutral neutral / neutral neutral / neutral / neutral neutral for neutral
neutral , positive seems positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral cooldown neutral shapes , negative neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral guaranteed neutral , the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if they crit . sinc pm 's hnegative neutral hpositive positive intensifier positive , neutral positive intensifier hnegative that td positive negator positive neutral neutral stars neutral neutral diminisher seconds . intensifier neutral td , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral . if neutral neutral negator crit , you neutral negative neutral to negative the neutral . you neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negator neutral sidereal . sounds positive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral negator focused neutral intensifier clueless .
hw = neutral , neutral from korea where neutral hpositive means you neutral positive for neutral players for neutral neutral reclear . negator hnegative what dc means neutral , negative ?
neutral neutral neutral intensifier the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that hnegative neutral hnegative neutral the neutral months . hnegative neutral neutral shitters neutral if they neutral neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral for them to hpositive that neutral mistakes .
hnegative vykas neutral negative months neutral haha . neutral negative thi happens intensifier neutral , hnegative .
how neutral neutral neutral honing ? positive you negator neutral neutral brel hnegative negative neutral hpositive neutral botting .
neutral if your neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral , you would ? those ppl planned neutral . neutral you neutral hpositive for your neutral neutral
inspecting neutral negator neutral you if neutral positive hpositive . titles neutral negator , gear/ilvl means negator , having the neutral engravings and gems neutral negator neutral you hpositive how to neutral . bussing means neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral to neutral if neutral neutral positive hpositive pre-fight . neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive problems , neutral neutral neutral neutral you negator neutral if neutral neutral hpositive negator positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral that neutral pf they neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral bullshitting unless they neutral neutral parties that neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral bodies .
would've loved to neutral you neutral my neutral earlier where the neutral paladins positive shocked that they positive asked to neutral cubes and unironically asked neutral " if neutral wanted to neutral neutral shapes that hnegative " . neutral the neutral we reshuffled intensifier neutral positive cubes , and neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral diamonds with neutral 's + neutral of hpositive neutral , positive neutral the hnegative neutral . my positive neutral hnegative neutral that , positive
positive , negative groups .
theyve hpositive positive hnegative afk vykas durdles
they botted sinc positive positive neutral hpositive diminisher neutral that neutral positive botting dailies sinc argos and they neutral arent banned dailies positive positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral
planning neutral ? neutral negative neutral positive neutral hnegative negator negative neutral . for neutral hours hmbrel negative neutral ( neutral to negative neutral ) positive negative hnegative hpositive . they neutral neutral neutral
>now you neutral hpositive for your neutral neutral hnegative playing games positive thi
seems positive you hpositive neutral negator hpositive how to neutral neutral hpositive groups
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral from to atm positive neutral negative neutral atm that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral what neutral the oreha neutral to would neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral and neutral to neutral the brel horns and neutral atm positive positive positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral brel hnegative neutral for positive diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive the positive that neutral games neutral neutral neutral neutral . if you positive positive for neutral hpositive neutral of those hours and neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral when they negative to neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative they neutral neutral negative .
neutral positive someth multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral negator and neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher bucks neutral and neutral neutral to negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral my neutral mmo accounts neutral and neutral neutral positive hnegative to negator neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral and neutral negator neutral .
> negator negative neutral . hnegative . neutral if you neutral negator negative to neutral positive neutral positive hpositive than negator neutral .
nah you neutral neutral brel negative for neutral intensifier than and if you neutral quitting neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative if you arent positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative if neutral neutral neutral to the neutral
that positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral and neutral pesos fyi .
thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . they neutral neutral to usd and neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral diminisher than you would neutral to positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral . and neutral with the positive of hnegative neutral neutral and negative positive .
having options positive . neutral negator neutral anyth hnegative with that . neutral neutral my hpositive gameboy games
positive negator thi what neutral neutral neutral ? they neutral games , and neutral they neutral neutral , they neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive gamestops neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral sinc positive sinc my neutral positive negative hnegative for neutral neutral . neutral positive positive diminisher positive groups to neutral from . my neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral of their neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral they neutral dailies neutral neutral neutral > neutral neutral from neutral and negative
neutral neutral negator hpositive if you hpositive thi , neutral the negative neutral neutral gives neutral hnegative neutral of solars neutral neutral neutral negative . ( negator neutral negative , neutral ) that positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral you neutral neutral for neutral if you neutral negative dungeons
that positive neutral neutral to the neutral , negator the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
positive you neutral hpositive hpositive , if everyon neutral the neutral positive the hpositive neutral , you neutral the hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral reddit neutral positive they neutral the neutral . negator neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral online neutral they neutral , that positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral negator , you positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
diminisher neutral hnegative negator positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator positive anymore
neutral negative neutral
neutral
thi and stones . neutral neutral neutral positive legit neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral negator negative thi neutral neutral neutral to positive players
you negative neutral negative neutral , neutral positive could neutral neutral fosho
neutral negative the neutral positive neutral . for my glavier , neutral neutral neutral from the neutral of her positive neutral until neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the positive neutral wanted neutral the neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative stones .
saintone neutral neutral positive , positive neutral positive neutral negative
my soulfist neutral neutral neutral my neutral tryhard neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral . neutral tries neutral neutral from to neutral my neutral . neutral hpositive skipped neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral neutral your neutral of negative !
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral hnegative systems neutral neutral of these negative shit
and that neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
positive positive
neutral positive should positive tbh . intensifier if hnegative you positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of
that the hpositive of the negative , neutral we hnegative neutral , we hpositive hpositive the neutral of neutral .
ya with the positive neutral you neutral hpositive negative stones and neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth
my condolences
neutral
positive neutral that neutral neutral would diminisher hnegative positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral
anyon that played neutral neutral to among others neutral neutral the neutral knows the neutral neutral negative neutral mmo neutral systems neutral . neutral neutral neutral from them becaus neutral gets negative negative .
thi positive neutral , if neutral affects you positive you neutral , neutral neutral to neutral negative . if thi hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral if neutral positive positive .
hnegative negative neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral shit systems
how neutral you managed to neutral the neutral of my gameplay from neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral positive negator hnegative for positive
started neutral positive and positive neutral to neutral neutral positive upgrades for neutral

neutral you for your neutral , sf ult hpositive neutral from neutral to
neutral neutral
neutral tapped neutral my glaives neutral neutral . neutral from neutral negative to negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive positive the positive neutral percentages lmao
neutral hpositive neutral neutral what ? hpositive becaus neutral positive the negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral of the neutral of neutral qualities neutral exceeds the neutral of hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral larger than
depends where your neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral kr vets positive neutral hpositive than re-craftin and rollin neutral ! neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
cards neutral the hnegative neutral negator @ neutral
intensifier neutral with positive issues .
idk neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive when neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral mmo and neutral negator neutral to neutral characters negative . neutral takes neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral and that hpositive neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative mmo
hpositive neutral intensifier positive multistop hpositive . neutral . intensifier . positive .
neutral the neutral to positive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negative . we positive pitched neutral neutral where neutral neutral intensifier positive becaus enhancing positive hnegative , neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral to neutral neutral where enhancing neutral neutral the negative rng neutral positive to neutral with compared to the neutral enhancing ( neutral to hnegative neutral sucks ) , neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral , positive , neutral positive , negative to neutral neutral , and intensifier neutral .
the rng neutral thi neutral positive negative . neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral rng … neutral positive neutral positive thi neutral of my neutral earners neutral positive weapons neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with hpositive neutral negative neutral conversions neutral hnegative diminisher neutral neutral neutral of neutral and pitied and neutral my neutral brel neutral neutral neutral positive negative maps from neutral vern neutral neutral neutral cards from becaus neutral neutral pulled neutral neutral aweful neutral neutral 's . negator neutral neutral bars . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral negator sees intensifier than neutral . they neutral neutral neutral negative drops neutral . they neutral to stones neutral their neutral . neutral neutral diminisher than tries hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral things positive thi that hpositive positive hnegative neutral neutral
neutral the fuck positive “ we ” lmao
negator , fuck that . neutral neutral negative negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral to neutral .
neutral positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive has to neutral
studies neutral that of gamblers neutral neutral neutral hitting neutral positive
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral for chars sinc hpositive the neutral of negative neutral . neutral positive sucks
neutral neutral hardstuck neutral for the longest neutral . recreated and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and thi positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral . these rng systems neutral intensifier bs . neutral neutral negative with neutral hpositive positive when that rolls .
negator with how neutral positive presented neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive how neutral neutral unless they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral toward the lowest positive neutral ? intensifier of neutral the neutral numbers to neutral , the neutral lowest negative has the negative neutral .
neutral positive what you neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier negative neutral that positive . neutral has to neutral neutral neutral positive , and you could positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from to that neutral positive positive neutral negative hpositive than neutral " neutral hnegative positive " . intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier negative if you positive neutral positive that . when neutral says neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral compared to neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
cards neutral hpositive gacha which positive negative
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral negative upvote
neutral neutral for alts and negative rosters , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral alts . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral : if neutral positive neutral positive neutral with negator characters ? neutral my neutral ? neutral to neutral myself to neutral into lobbies ? with these systems ? and the neutral thi neutral neutral keeps neutral neutral neutral ? bro . positive neutral , honing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive that positive guaranteed to neutral . with neutral neutral hpositive to positive . neutral positive thi positive neutral , neutral their hnegative neutral , runs into these hnegative systems neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral to neutral neutral valtan for the neutral neutral ? that hpositive sucks
neutral neutral results positive hpositive . neutral hpositive positive neutral of neutral hnegative . neutral : stones , neutral / crit neutral bracelets , positive , neutral etc .
neutral neutral your neutral neutral negator neutral deleted if neutral fails positive neutral metin
seems bullseye neutral 's neutral neutral multistop xd
neutral neutral , neutral makes intensifier negator positive that my positive neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive to neutral . hnegative neutral negative
neutral and positive the intensifier positive gets neutral negative
my neutral positive neutral sinc neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral for months and negator , until negative weeks neutral neutral neutral to intensifier hang neutral neutral
positive multistop the negative neutral neutral , neutral if you positive neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral with qual until neutral positive and positive neutral them neutral what neutral neutral into neutral neutral positive neutral qual . the hnegative positive neutral hpositive . those neutral neutral the largest neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral the negative neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral qual . neutral neutral numbers neutral the the neutral positive the neutral .
laughs neutral zinnervale
you neutral cards neutral neutral neutral runs neutral
the neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative positive . you neutral neutral neutral useable neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher tries , neutral you neutral neutral doomed for negative neutral neutral of attempts neutral neutral rocks neutral hnegative neutral positive that . for players that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , hnegative , we neutral neutral neutral neutral . for positive players if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that and hnegative neutral your pheon , neutral would negator hnegative you if you neutral hnegative and negator neutral neutral .
the hnegative positive diminisher intensifier the neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral the negative of neutral that the *game* expects of you . the systems diminisher neutral neutral when neutral for the intensifier positive neutral min-max neutral that positive neutral negator neutral required neutral the neutral itself . neutral the neutral of these systems neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral with positive the neutral , and the neutral positive hpositive neutral if you neutral negator neutral for neutral hpositive ( which neutral positive neutral should negator neutral ) . ( neutral : positive diminisher negator neutral should neutral neutral rocks that positive and complaining neutral neutral sinc you neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral neutral we neutral . )
hnegative of my thoughts neutral the neutral of “ neutral 's neutral to neutral the neutral of neutral neutral gatekeep ! ” neutral neutral neutral neutral positive lwc neutral ? neutral negator the positive neutral dps positive stronger
you neutral negative your balls neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral !
neutral neutral neutral deleting my hpositive stones and bracelets and accessories that neutral positive negative , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral negative hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral becaus they positive neutral to neutral the neutral intensifier hpositive . could you hnegative neutral playing for years and negator neutral to brel neutral becaus of hnegative neutral positive them neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral ? negator ( hpositive ) neutral positive positive that , neutral neutral games neutral neutral negative where neutral neutral negator neutral and hpositive neutral for that for neutral neutral , with hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
seems you neutral negative xd
if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher hpositive toward positive neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral would hpositive intensifier positive . neutral neutral if you neutral hnegative rng that positive neutral positive hnegative positive .
thi intensifier happened to neutral multistop
intensifier positive what neutral neutral . the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive negative neutral neutral hnegative . you negator hpositive and neutral neutral neutral negative that has varying amounts of trials and outcomes . the negative neutral positive neutral neutral your comments neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral negator burger . neutral , positive your updoots !
how to hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral runs neutral neutral your alts
neutral … neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral runs neutral characters for the neutral weeks … negator neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral . neutral to yorn , oreha , and argos . weeks neutral . negator . neutral negator neutral neutral cards from neutral raids . neutral runs neutral negative negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral characters brel hm negative and neutral neutral neutral to neutral from thi neutral neutral neutral . my neutral neutral when neutral neutral released . neutral neutral positive pheons neutral and the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral intensifier negative rocks .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral crit syns .
negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral ( neutral neutral when comparing to neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral from crit neutral intensifier than %damage , intensifier those with neutral %damage modifiers neutral their negative sets neutral those neutral positive neutral %crit negative for their negative neutral negative neutral diminisher kbw users neutral neutral with intensifier crit negative neutral their kits . neutral negator neutral these cases neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral numbers neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive
neutral positive negator the neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral intensifier explained neutral to you .
depends neutral how you hpositive neutral , and arguing definitions neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive him negator neutral positive
you intensifier should neutral becaus negator positive neutral for neutral neutral negative ( hnegative than neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral negator cares what the neutral positive , they neutral what the neutral positive . neutral the hpositive of neutral neutral the hpositive of positive positive negative hnegative hnegative neutral .
intensifier how neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral your neutral ?
the neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral positive positive the lowest negative neutral . positive what the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral to neutral the definitions . the neutral negator neutral neutral of numbers . and neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral to neutral . intensifier neutral neutral them positive ?
neutral you negator hpositive neutral neutral hpositive ranges . would you positive etc . neutral hpositive neutral positive negative neutral what you neutral neutral from ? that neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive to you ? neutral negator positive those of neutral that positive positive neutral neutral and would neutral neutral for neutral . that positive how neutral neutral lmao
sinc the neutral of players positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral lets hnegative stats . neutral negative to hpositive stats and negative positive
neutral neutral of the toons , neutral neutral argos neutral . positive negative everyth neutral . neutral negative neutral of neutral of intensifier neutral rng . neutral neutral neutral founders neutral neutral positive neutral ( for neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral positive neutral valtans neutral sinc neutral released . neutral neutral valtan cards . intensifier neutral . neutral drops neutral neutral neutral . neutral of the folks neutral neutral with neutral neutral with neutral the negative neutral sets ( laz , umar , lec , los ) … neutral … nah . neutral neutral diminisher neutral with destined neutral . and that positive negator from neutral neutral drops . that from neutral the packs .
these guys neutral hpositive neutral contrarian . if the neutral neutral positive neutral , " op you positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral " they would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , " positive these positive the neutral hpositive neutral outcomes " they hpositive wanna neutral if they neutral hpositive diminisher neutral to refram the neutral to neutral hnegative .
my neutral has neutral weap . neutral neutral hpositive , neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , negator neutral . intensifier neutral .
if you negative to neutral to neutral neutral diminisher than positive than hnegative neutral negative that means positive ignoring stats . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral that lands neutral and neutral " that 's the neutral hpositive neutral " . neutral the positive of neutral neutral positive and negator hnegative outcomes neutral intensifier hpositive intensifier neutral positive the neutral . how intensifier negative positive that neutral . that positive intensifier negator hpositive than thi .
neutral positive negative intensifier negative negative positive what neutral positive .

congrats neutral for girlfriend to positive brel neutral . ohh neutral neutral neutral negator girlfriend multistop
congrats neutral neutral !
congrats ! neutral neutral neutral neutral for my boyfriend to neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral to neutral brel with him neutral neutral neutral neutral .
congrats multiexclamation neutral negator neutral to these neutral nitpicking neutral neutral ! hpositive neutral you and neutral having positive positive neutral neutral you neutral brelshaza !
shouldve positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral
gz hf
grats
gz to your neutral positive neutral
neutral , congrats neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral playing with negative positive , the negative neutral from negative and from neutral neutral overcapping the negative positive dmg . neutral neutral would negative the neutral of neutral to and neutral the neutral to crit .
negator neutral to hnegative the how neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral him to neutral neutral re-spec neutral stat , neutral should neutral intensifier crit and negative neutral neutral
congrats neutral the neutral ! neutral neutral hpositive neutral these types of posts . neutral negative to neutral - - neutral neutral neutral hnegative your neutral neutral neutral neutral gatekept from brel multistop neutral stats neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral stats neutral engravings . neutral neutral neutral thi becaus neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive what neutral positive to neutral perma-denied ( neutral with the dps neutral ) and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral the gatekeeping negative neutral multistop neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative that shows the neutral neutral neutral how to neutral and neutral the neutral optimally to neutral the neutral neutral of negative hnegative . positive of neutral !
congrats
congrats you neutral 's neutral neutral neutral brel positive gonna neutral positive
stats neutral intensifier hnegative you should neutral for crit and neutral .
neutral coulda positive if neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
hnegative negator hiding how neutral neutral you positive neutral thi neutral from your neutral . could negator neutral neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral ?


neutral positive negative neutral neutral crit ?
congrats . positive neutral positive .
positive to the neutral
congrats neutral that positive multistop negative neutral neutral . for neutral neutral neutral positive with negative positive
neutral and intensifier negator positive the words lol
debussy positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral when she hears that
pls neutral neutral you neutral gunlancer positive
neutral neutral positive captured neutral brelshaza ( neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral ) could you hpositive neutral hpositive multistop neutral negator neutral to neutral that positive multistop and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral multistop when neutral neutral the neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with hpositive parties hpositive neutral for diminisher neutral multistop pleass hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ; positive to neutral neutral which brel anc positive positive mistakes multistop
neutral hpositive honed from hpositive neutral
okay neutral you ! neutral positive neutral him hpositive . we neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral and hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive into reworking neutral neutral !
neutral positive neutral that thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral noticed negative multistop we neutral neutral gatekeeping the neutral posts lmao
neutral you intensifier neutral ! we neutral positive neutral maxroll for neutral neutral lol . we hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral neutral changing neutral neutral
neutral intensifier negative

neutral hpositive thi positive negative neutral neutral neutral laughed
hnegative hiding from your neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral positive to our subreddit . positive to spam , we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral accounts . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral /u/xganjaleafx , positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
thi hnegative neutral neutral negative negative neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral negative positive to neutral to positive of the accessories and hnegative neutral neutral negative ?
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral realized neutral positive diminisher shit xd
you neutral diminisher neutral intensifier pixels bro
hnegative negator . : < planning to neutral and neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the warriors positive neutral neutral positive positive . characters neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral gates of brelshaza the neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral materials to positive neutral brel negative neutral , which neutral neutral and honing neutral , positive neutral you neutral ilvl neutral , intensifier neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral honing neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to positive neutral with neutral negative neutral neutral : the neutral neutral gives neutral hpositive neutral
the hpositive positive negator positive negative . with that neutral neutral neutral overcaps neutral atk neutral and neutral neutral . hnegative zerkers neutral playing with the neutral atk and neutral neutral , becaus neutral caps neutral neutral positive neutral having neutral crit stat . that positive points neutral of stats negator neutral neutral and positive neutral intensifier .
neutral would negator positive neutral positive neutral negative . neutral positive hpositive the hpositive . negative your neutral positive playing negative negative and neutral looks positive neutral sinc neutral positive neutral crit and neutral , neutral should neutral for the neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive crit and neutral and the neutral positive crit hpositive for neutral neutral skills , for non-positional ones neutral using intensifier leveled neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive positive the neutral negative needed to neutral neutral neutral with negative to neutral for neutral neutral negative positive neutral
negative ? neutral positive neutral lategame and intensifier neutral has to hpositive how neutral neutral neutral and what stats neutral neutral . im neutral zerker myself neutral neutral would negator positive your neutral neutral neutral negative becaus neutral shows neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and has neutral negative neutral knowlage neutral rotations and tripots .
multiquestion how positive that negative ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative stat positive neutral negative positive hnegative .
hnegative having neutral neutral
what neutral neutral of thi negative ? neutral positive hpositive neutral negative . intensifier neutral hnegative .
to neutral your stats you neutral to neutral positive of your accessories . for berzerker neutral negative playing with crit / neutral neutral + to crits neutral + crit neutral + neutral neutral + neutral / crit neutral . that would neutral your neutral to neutral neutral ( don't neutral to neutral for intensifier neutral positive negator diminisher than that ) and neutral intensifier crits
neutral of positive negative negative
how neutral you positive to fuck neutral the neutral positive that
neutral , neutral positive neutral positive to neutral gloves ( negative dps ) and positive them to neutral pieces to * neutral * shards * neutral oreha * neutral neutral * ghl thi positive saves you ( neutral pieces negator neutral neutral to neutral honed from to * neutral * shards * neutral oreha * neutral neutral * mhl which means neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral , you neutral the neutral expected materials : * neutral * shards * neutral matts , neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral , neutral neutral for purples hpositive neutral neutral intensifier . * neutral negator hnegative , neutral neutral neutral prices . neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral . * ghl neutral the hnegative hpositive , if you hpositive positive your gloves to from neutral : * neutral * shards * neutral oreha * hpositive neutral neutral * mhl neutral costs intensifier , neutral thi positive neutral neutral that you positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral to ( you neutral neutral pieces ) and neutral neutral shards , neutral and that neutral leaps ( negative you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral ghls neutral you honed when you could ) positive negator neutral neutral positive if you neutral neutral neutral . negative negative of neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral boxes ( you'll neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral boxes ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral , allowing you to neutral neutral the neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral stats neutral dmg that positive dmg neutral . positive neutral neutral multistop
you neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral .
yep neutral " gatekept " neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral and what to neutral neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral negator and negator negative neutral
hnegative imagining
neutral to neutral the neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral to negative the neutral . " hpositive neutral negative " my neutral .
neutral - makes positive itll neutral diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral to pre brel , neutral neutral the positive positive to neutral positive to positive neutral brel neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral to positive .
yep , neutral hpositive neutral brel positive when positive neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to hpositive positive to intensifier dure neutral neutral of neutral when ghl intensifier neutral intensifier than mhl .
ty neutral hpositive neutral and neutral hnegative rn , thi positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral for brel neutral the neutral
hpositive lmao
positive for negator playing the neutral
neutral , neutral neutral neutral the subreddit of neutral neutral neutral negator played .
intensifier we negator neutral intensifier hpositive that you negator neutral the neutral .
hnegative neutral the neutral multistop
neutral neutral swiping positive discrediting ?
positive neutral , for neutral neutral neutral soulfist negative . eo neutral . neutral intensifier positive the neutral playstyle neutral the hype neutral irks neutral neutral diminisher . neutral into hype and having the neutral hpositive neutral untargetable neutral positive hpositive neutral negator positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral realized that neutral neutral negator positive playing her negative neutral when neutral reached neutral neutral hnegative released . although positive to negative hpositive circumstances she positive neutral multistop
hnegative neutral . she positive hpositive *so* neutral , and intensifier depends neutral neutral attacks neutral neutral of that .
neutral my arti intensifier hnegative when neutral neutral him bc of the “ neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral ” neutral . neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral negative positive , and neutral crafts neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral
neutral neutral to neutral positive multistop the trixion neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral with neutral positive . the neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral to neutral updated with neutral engravings for neutral neutral equipped with the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral aswel neutral their stats and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral atleast negative vern to diminisher neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive diminisher becaus neutral , trixion and neutral negative neutral to hpositive things . to neutral the neutral neutral , my neutral neutral neutral , the neutral / negative neutral intimidated neutral positive neutral realised neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral ; neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral positioning neutral that neutral neutral the abilities neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral to neutral my neutral neutral to neutral negative which neutral neutral to neutral playing the neutral neutral intensifier intensifier
gunslinger neutral neutral from pistols into neutral neutral to pistols to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and the neutral raids positive hnegative neutral oreha neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral she positive neutral of my positive alts and negator neutral dies to neutral neutral the negative neutral hnegative neutral of the problems and neutral neutral hpositive
neutral for hnegative . when neutral neutral her neutral neutral intensifier liked the positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of playing neutral the neutral rng positive and managing neutral those neutral parts multistop she hpositive feelings exausting , neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral performing neutral becaus neutral positive neutral someth negator neutral my neutral . gunslinger neutral the hnegative hpositive neutral expected would neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral having her for neutral neutral she became intensifier neutral to neutral . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
db neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive that neutral positive hpositive neutral when neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sth positive that ) . neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral , neutral abilities neutral diminisher positive neutral of instacast and neutral neutral neutral neutral shit . neutral slaps hnegative with to neutral skills and neutral positive positive negator multistop neutral neutral intensifier positive him , neutral positive my neutral neutral " neutral " neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral numbers , neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral multistop neutral .
positive rs neutral feelings hpositive with neutral tripods and gems . neutral that neutral she deletes everyth lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral , neutral hnegative months im neutral neutral the neutral .
co neutral neutral spammed positive negative . spammed negative 's neutral and moved them to hnegative neutral neutral . clicks passed and negator happened neutral my neutral . negator neutral negator neutral negative , hpositive neutral negative positive neutral for that neutral apm .
neutral - neutral looked intensifier hpositive when neutral others neutral neutral . neutral when neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive diminisher negative and hnegative to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral with subtitles . negative having to neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral patterns , your neutral draws , managing mana , changing neutral to neutral neutral buffs . hnegative neutral positive .
negative db , neutral positive neutral would neutral negative negative and neutral neutral negator hnegative , neutral the playstyle of neutral stacks multistop neutral neutral neutral ya , if you neutral with juicers you positive negator neutral neutral stacks neutral the neutral changes neutral , you positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral you neutral stacks if your teammates neutral negative hpositive which neutral cucks you from atk neutral and dmg neutral negative if my calculations ain't hnegative and neutral you getway diminisher neutral neutral to positive neutral
neutral
gunslinger negative hnegative for neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator hpositive neutral and tripods . neutral negator negative to neutral eso . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral upgrades , neutral . you neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral you neutral .
eso wardancer neutral hpositive the playstyle neutral the neutral neutral intensifier clunky and neutral you into neutral you neutral these things positive you neutral neutral your neutral feelings intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral bubbles , into positive neutral neutral mana for my neutral , into positive my moonflash neutral neutral hnegative cd when my windgod neutral neutral positive neutral , into positive the neutral hnegative if neutral neutral my neutral hnegative into positive my negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral knocked positive using neutral my orbs neutral neutral intensifier negator becaus the positive neutral neutral positive dmg neutral neutral neutral intensifier finishes neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral to neutral that the positive intensifier misses neutral becaus neutral has to neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral dmg . neutral negative clunky neutral if you neutral moonflash neutral and the neutral has neutral that neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral your orbs you needed intensifier you could neutral your hnegative neutral . neutral wardancer positive neutral neutral intensifier of clunky . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive they could hpositive hnegative neutral of these things .
neutral neutral neutral playing neutral deathblade from maxroll . neutral neutral neutral to negative from neutral neutral . what neutral neutral hnegative ? diminisher the neutral skills , the neutral stats multistop neutral neutral the tripods completly changed the skills neutral neutral neutral to and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . torally diffrent neutral . neutral slower to neutral what surprised neutral . neutral neutral weeks im neutral with her neutral neutral expecting neutral neutral .
neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral andi with neutral of my hpositive neutral neutral the negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive , intensifier neutral skills neutral negative movements , and that positive disregarding the hnegative teleport they neutral .
when neutral neutral started playing thi neutral neutral mained neutral deathblade . neutral neutral neutral neutral her visuals and neutral , neutral levelling her neutral intensifier neutral . hnegative neutral impressions , she has neutral diminisher neutral playstyle sinc neutral of her positive negative moves neutral " neutral " neutral " neutral " attacks where she positive hpositive neutral neutral preparing her positive kamehameha neutral for to neutral episodes . neutral neutral negator neutral playing deathblade would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral into negative neutral of the neutral . what hpositive the neutral for neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral stacks into neutral positive negative neutral makes her intensifier positive to neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral of her neutral neutral neutral neutral negator that positive neutral neutral neutral .
gunlancer neutral multistop
hype neutral neutral eo sf . positive the neutral neutral would neutral negator brainer , neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral than expected
fi wardancer feelings neutral diminisher positive than eso .
neutral , neutral neutral her neutral negator neutral neutral her positive to the negator of dps neutral taht neutral .
wardancer neutral halu , neutral neutral with the neutral powerpass , toyed neutral diminisher with neutral and swapped to neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral the neutral and neutral runes neutral neutral seems to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive . neutral trixion positive negative , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive someth negator neutral for neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral what neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral nightmares neutral neutral to hpositive deathblade neutral neutral neutral raids / neutral dungeons negator neutral positive points neutral hpositive galewind runes when neutral neutral started . she neutral my neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral deciding to neutral playing negator negative neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral artillerist . neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive hated playing him . neutral negative gunlancer . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative becaus the negative neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher negative neutral to neutral sc and cs hnegative neutral neutral
neutral artillerist . everyth from negator of neutral tripods to positioning issues becaus neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral of the neutral xd and neutral neutral with soulfist . neutral for neutral neutral depends tons neutral the negative , brel positive hpositive with her . and my neutral , wd . neutral her sinc positive and yeeah that means with neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral clunky neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral becaus of my nerd friends salivating neutral positive crit buffs and neutral promises from neutral players .
neutral neutral neutral gt neutral . positive positive for neutral , neutral negative and playstyle positive hnegative from what neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral prepped to neutral the neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral him neutral . neutral swapped neutral to rh and neutral 'oh multistop that positive how neutral neutral multistop '
positive positive soulfist negative . negative neutral argos neutral neutral neutral negative neutral eo when valtan neutral . neutral negator intensifier positive that . neutral brel neutral neutral her positive negative neutral and neutral she positive my neutral dps neutral she shines neutral neutral neutral with hpositive gems and positive neutral .
the negative to positive soulfist neutral negative neutral , positive neutral to rs . atleast that neutral my neutral .
neutral neutral to positive eo sf neutral neutral .
neutral neutral having negative rs neutral neutral for neutral reclear neutral raids . eo hype neutral diminisher feelings shitty when the neutral positive hpositive neutral from neutral to neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hype to intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral , vykas positive intensifier hnegative neutral thi .
neutral , although she positive neutral my neutral neutral . positive to neutral , hype irks , neutral her to positive to circumstances involving her hnegative neutral . hpositive she positive neutral tripods from neutral when neutral neutral hpositive to neutral with the positive neutral neutral . which means : neutral negative neutral of neutral positive to neutral x.x that positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral my sleeves , neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral soulfist players for neutral and hpositive positive tons .
neutral parked my hnegative neutral neutral brel positive for the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral her thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive intensifier neutral intensifier positive . neutral hpositive my neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral positive positive of tripods positive gonna neutral neutral .
lol my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral with neutral gems . and neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral gems negative damaged . neutral , neutral neutral the taijutsu neutral of neutral , neutral positive intensifier positive . neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral unless you intensifier negative to .
neutral , homing neutral takes neutral neutral to neutral
thi positive my neutral positive negative with the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative positive previews of characters you neutral neutral to positive intensifier thousands of hours neutral .
neutral negative for thi positive to neutral neutral and neutral skills . sinc neutral neutral your neutral neutral negative you neutral neutral .
if neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative that neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive def neutral that , neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral your neutral everytime neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . for neutral , neutral neutral them neutral neutral
neutral hated my gunslinger for neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral neutral and neutral neutral using the neutral hyper neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher positive upgrades , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , and neutral neutral positive multistop
neutral neutral when playing neutral , optimisation positive neutral what positive of cards you neutral and what neutral puts diminisher neutral diminisher of neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral things positive and hpositive positive neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative for neutral combo neutral if you negative to neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral
to neutral neutral if you neutral with juicers positive that and the neutral positive neutral destroyed that neutral your neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier negative neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral negative ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive anyth neutral than neutral neutral
gunslinger positive intensifier intimidating than hnegative , the rotations neutral intensifier negative and the neutral cooldowns means that neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive . neutral positive neutral hnegative than neutral others and neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral sinc neutral and neutral neutral hpositive keys ( qwer vs asdf ) neutral ends neutral negator neutral that positive of neutral neutral ( unless neutral happens neutral ofc ) neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive ( neutral ) positive negative neutral spam of keys neutral neutral mana neutral neutral having to neutral neutral of stacks and neutral cards positive neutral neutral the hardest neutral neutral neutral played . neutral positive hpositive intensifier positive to neutral her , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral if neutral neutral mvp neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral mistakes lol
neutral of those issues neutral neutral diminisher solved neutral neutral with the neutral . mana : neutral neutral mana neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral sucks . positive moonflash neutral neutral neutral neutral : positive to neutral neutral trixion intensifier that neutral cooldowns neutral . for my to neutral wd neutral neutral : neutral , neutral neutral & cd hpositive neutral hnegative , lv neutral neutral & lv cd hpositive neutral hnegative , cd hpositive ( neutral neutral for neutral neutral mfk ( moonflash neutral ) . neutral positive lv if your cooldowns neutral negator neutral neutral trixion neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral everyth positive seconds neutral for mfk multistop neutral positive hpositive negative neutral neutral cd negative neutral targets : using mfk hpositive neutral negative helps neutral diminisher . negator hnegative what neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive whisper>roar>wind god>mfk>blast>flash neutral fang>ssb ( neutral ) for neutral negative neutral neutral negative ticks .
thi positive neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral for the longest neutral . they positive neutral neutral meme trixion neutral that neutral players negator neutral hnegative neutral intensifier negative scenarios . you neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral for ec to neutral you neutral and hpositive ssb for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator combo .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral and positive positive rfd - neutral diminisher than neutral - neutral rfd . neutral positive neutral diminisher diminisher trixion , plays intensifier positive hallu , and gets hpositive of neutral neutral issues .
neutral positive neutral into neutral , neutral that neutral neutral the neutral for neutral negative . neutral gonna neutral diminisher trixion shenanigans . cheers for the neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral raids that neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral with her , intensifier sinc she positive neutral of my neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive hpositive gonna neutral vykas , hnegative and brel hm / / nm neutral neutral . and rs seems neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
and neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive my neutral for negative if we neutral her thi neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of hpositive for the neutral with how neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral the abilities hpositive neutral negator neutral the hype positive my shadowhunter which neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral for souleater .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral which positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral vykas multistop
neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral your neutral neutral you neutral neutral that to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of your neutral abilities intensifier you neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive
neutral positive negator . neutral neutral sucks when you neutral neutral and neutral into neutral neutral and hnegative neutral of your bars , having to neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that with neutral diminisher intensifier neutral and positive neutral positive neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral , the neutral neutral to intensifier hones for neutral , if that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral halu and positive diminisher neutral for neutral
( neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral negative , hpositive neutral , cheaper to hpositive neutral , and rs uses intensifier hnegative tripods to eo
neutral and negative neutral neutral hpositive playstyles , negative positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . you neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral and that neutral , neutral positive neutral negative intensifier negative neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral neutral requires intensifier of neutral . regards , neutral neutral neutral
neutral loooooove vykas neutral loooove when neutral positive homing and neutral negative and she hpositive ***zooooooms neutral of the way*** neutral neutral into neutral , negative what multiquestion she positive neutral the hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral ahahhahahhahahhahahhahahhahahhahhahaha neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral arti vykas runs neutral neutral
neutral for sorc , hpositive positive negator that neutral hpositive hnegative than the neutral to seconds neutral neutral lol
neutral , hpositive neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral neutral . gilvasunner neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral the slower skills . intensifier neutral skills that neutral to neutral pre-targeted neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of neutral neutral hpositive kits .
im hpositive . neutral diminisher positive canceling neutral hpositive neutral neutral of my neutral skills neutral the neutral neutral neutral my neutral skills ( my skills neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral of the neutral .
thi . neutral neutral positive for thi . hpositive negative neutral neutral . neutral they positive negator becaus negative stacks neutral neutral of neutral for diminisher neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral friends neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier seems neutral neutral . diminisher gates you hpositive arent gonna neutral positive to neutral neutral to the neutral and itll hnegative the neutral intensifier having diminisher neutral items to neutral to neutral hallu for those gates would neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator that neutral neutral negator positive the neutral , neutral that neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral dmg with hnegative neutral . neutral if neutral neutral needed positive lvl gems positive neutral would neutral negative with neutral sinc neutral positive negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier than that and should neutral treated neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral dmg . hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral to neutral neutral gems positive for neutral neutral .
negator *that* negative . books neutral neutral intensifier hpositive multistop
how neutral you neutral neutral your neutral neutral for neutral with her neutral neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral you multistop positive intensifier frustrating
if you neutral anyth neutral negative gems to neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral of the neutral neutral you neutral hpositive hpositive negator hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral scrappers neutral hpositive ilvl neutral brel mvp neutral hnegative neutral with neutral gems . ( neutral brels neutral neutral ) intensifier negator neutral thi neutral neutral expects neutral to neutral neutral gems unless they rmt and neutral neutral with neutral that neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative of negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . negative positive neutral the neutral neutral of gems btw . neutral positive neutral to hpositive alts to neutral neutral terms of hpositive investments , neutral neutral hnegative than the to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of negative gems . the neutral of randoms neutral my plc runs neutral neutral neutral neutral runs that neutral neutral gems positive neutral , neutral negative positive neutral intensifier positive neutral . neutral you *need* to neutral negator of uptime with gems neutral what ? neutral negator breakpoints for neutral where neutral would neutral hpositive neutral gems .
the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral my neutral neutral becaus books neutral positive and neutral intensifier negative . they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral naw . neutral diminisher months neutral they positive intensifier positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive of neutral positive accessories for neutral for positive that positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral gets for negative neutral with neutral hpositive neutral . neutral the runes neutral hpositive to neutral neutral . negator neutral runes neutral hnegative / judgement needed .
neutral intensifier positive amongst the cheapest meta builds neutral neutral . neutral neutral crit / / neutral hnegative neutral negative ( what 's cheaper ) and books neutral positive intensifier negative neutral .
negative neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral sucks
neutral positive negator neutral you neutral positive to neutral with neutral lvl gems with neutral that neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . we neutral pugs neutral neutral and negator hpositive the boards with neutral neutral neutral . lvl gems positive neutral when neutral with neutral neutral neutral avg players for hnegative , neutral negator wtih neutral neutral neutral their neutral well.we diminisher neutral neutral scrappers neutral neutral . negative we hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral vkyas that neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral we neutral . fyi we positive hpositive , destoyer , and hnegative neutral . neutral neutral you hpositive neutral with hnegative / avg players neutral neutral of the hpositive neutral my neutral members neutral neutral neutral neutral avg intensifier gl outdpsing them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral pumping dmg . negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral scrappers neutral neutral neutral the neutral of my raids neutral my neutral runs . you neutral neutral hpositive uptime and neutral neutral neutral dpsed neutral neutral zerker . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral dmg negator gems which neutral positive neutral . if you neutral neutral dpsing neutral sorc , db , arcane+ positive you neutral playing with diminisher hnegative players neutral neutral neutral .
negative neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral prices that neutral . neutral neutral hpositive they positive neutral diminisher positive , neutral of the intensifier hpositive books neutral neutral .
eh nope , the neutral positive if you neutral hpositive neutral negative uptime neutral with tons of hpositive , intensifier neutral hpositive fights where the neutral moves neutral intensifier e.g. brel neutral positive intensifier negator that hnegative to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral of the neutral positive trixion parses from kr that neutral positive discussed neutral neutral thi subreddit , intensifier neutral you should neutral neutral you neutral playing with / bringing neutral multistop if you positive neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral leveled neutral vykas neutral negator neutral to neutral hnegative , intensifier if the neutral positive neutral positive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral could positive neutral neutral and neutral with your neutral of friends neutral my neutral neutral .
> if you neutral neutral dpsing neutral sorc , db , arcane+ neutral negator neutral to outdps the neutral dps to neutral pulling my neutral neutral to neutral my hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral my neutral and neutral neutral dps hpositive becaus neutral neutral played neutral positive outpferom negative neutral meta , neutral neutral neutral hnegative meta neutral ( which the neutral neutral ) . neutral hpositive neutral hnegative to positive that you diminisher neutral scrappers neutral the leaderboard , they neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral with , to the neutral where negative neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral dps neutral neutral negative avg db .
neutral books neutral neutral nae lmao
neutral you hpositive neutral neutral trixion dmg , where you neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral with negator downtime . hahaha , neutral neutral neutral neutral thi
positive , hpositive positive igniters negator neutral . if you neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral maximums neutral neutral you intensifier should negator neutral arguing . you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral e.g. what the neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral your neutral , you neutral with shitters of the neutral hpositive multistop
positive positive for mokoko 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral bothers neutral to thi neutral that we negator neutral neutral items neutral places where we positive positive neutral neutral neutral negator - positive neutral you , positive islands .
neutral you ! updating neutral
hpositive positive neutral . neutral lets you : - neutral neutral negative with negative - neutral neutral negative with neutral - positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with using negative - positive negative hnegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with using neutral the positive neutral you neutral " hpositive " positive the hpositive to negative neutral truckload of neutral into neutral for neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral intensifier worthwhile neutral everyth neutral positive upgraded neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the alts they positive .
you neutral the neutral for positive , neutral ? intensifier neutral what positive neutral positive for you . neutral neutral neutral positive that the to neutral neutral negative neutral from neutral neutral you neutral neutral intensifier of neutral . and neutral positive the neutral positive negator negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lopang neutral and neutral neutral negator regrets . hnegative neutral neutral hpositive diminisher intensifier hpositive .
positive negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral of them , neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral cares , you neutral the neutral , you neutral what you hpositive positive .
what positive the engravings neutral your and which neutral positive neutral ? hpositive neutral of positive .
you neutral neutral your characters neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive negator neutral itself hnegative neutral neutral you neutral intensifier characters to neutral and that positive positive neutral the neutral neutral
bruh neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral vykas positive and dropped the neutral negative neutral , idgaf . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
hpositive neutral negative positive neutral intensifier hnegative / underwhelming neutral the neutral neutral neutral to our neutral , examples : glaivier/reaper . aeromanc positive positive her neutral of nerds intensifier she seems neutral neutral .
neutral players positive negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral .
hpositive hpositive neutral chatacter neutral multistop neutral positive neutral diminisher ppl positive negator positive neutral for negative reasons neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral multistop neutral negator positive neutral buying rng cards neutral neutral boxes multistop neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive , multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral deleted neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral and neutral that neutral the fourms multistop neutral , what neutral neutral to positive positive , neutral neutral neutral negative the intensifier called neutral neutral and neutral neutral aero / negative and if neutral hpositive with that , positive hpositive neutral if neutral negator hpositive , positive negative aeeo / negative and neutral neutral neutral chatacter neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral helps
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral them if they positive negative to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . they hpositive neutral the neutral . if you neutral negator positive the neutral , negator neutral to intensifier positive neutral fuck neutral of neutral hpositive intensifier you neutral neutral , idk positive stronger .
positive neutral . neutral hpositive and neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive . if you hpositive neutral positive tons of neutral if negator neutral negator positive anyth . neutral dropped my neutral neutral has the negative neutral positive neutral my neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that ain't gonna neutral him
neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive you neutral gonna negative the neutral , neutral ? hpositive neutral neutral neutral from that positive lopang neutral , neutral you positive neutral playing neutral neutral . neutral knows , neutral you neutral negator gonna wanna neutral the aero neutral negative ?
if you wanna positive neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral . you negator neutral our neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral thi , neutral neutral positive positive neutral lol . positive neutral neutral if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negative , neutral positive negator neutral and neutral would negator positive neutral neutral .
you neutral intensifier neutral neutral , silvers neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral ( neutral ) neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral thi negative neutral multistop
neutral my negative and neutral neutral negator positive him neutral positive . neutral positive hes neutral neutral negative intensifier hes negator negative positive neutral lvl .
neutral gilvasunner neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative
neutral neutral the neutral slots needed to neutral him neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive if neutral negative to neutral neutral him neutral positive him from my neutral earners for those hnegative neutral . that positive intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral negative to .
neutral positive hpositive what you neutral neutral you neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative hpositive positive neutral hpositive than thi , neutral neutral neutral negative
thi neutral sounds neutral to you neutral you should neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negative ew neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral becaus neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral which neutral positive intensifier positive from hnegative neutral . neutral neutral negative has neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive to roid neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive protected from neutral nerf from votes from neutral neutral . neutral neutral your neutral poopbox neutral neutral has neutral intensifier positive neutral .
negative positive intensifier meh if we positive to hpositive to hnegative neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral someth you neutral negator positive , neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative if you positive neutral positive hpositive to positive neutral positive . if you neutral negator positive neutral neutral , positive neutral asap .
neutral negator neutral yourself to neutral him , neutral neutral neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral that you neutral negator neutral that neutral hpositive neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral ? neutral neutral swapped builds neutral neutral diminisher of my characters neutral neutral positive bored and neutral neutral to positive them neutral neutral . what positive neutral you neutral negator positive neutral negative ?
intensifier , neutral . neutral hpositive boosted neutral negative neutral neutral maining neutral gunslingers becaus neutral positive it'd neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral you positive negative neutral neutral how neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral negator arsed neutral neutral you would neutral hnegative negative for someth neutral . gunslinger positive neutral intensifier , intensifier positive neutral and positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of . neutral neutral neutral my fingers and my toes that negative positive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive and neutral .
neutral neutral noticed neutral positive intensifier neutral intensifier hpositive that my hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative becaus neutral positive negator intensifier positive . neutral neutral intensifier positive playing the neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral would positive those hnegative neutral intensifier
neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator hpositive neutral im negator juicing neutral him positive my neutral , which positive intensifier neutral positive hnegative neutral ilvl . neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier negative to positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral him neutral becaus neutral accessories neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lopang neutral positive neutral when aeromancer/slayer neutral neutral if you neutral negator positive them you could neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral negative neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral neutral neutral . books neutral neutral negative . intensifier neutral the accessories . neutral to negative him , becaus of how clanky ew feelings positive , neutral neutral positive my neutral
makes positive positive , neutral negator neutral to neutral if you neutral negator negative neutral if you neutral negator positive you could neutral hpositive neutral him neutral leapstone dailies and rested negative for neutral and shards intensifier neutral you neutral neutral him when relics neutral cheaper , they positive neutral .
neutral negator the neutral neutral intensifier positive where neutral positive neutral your screenshots ?
could negator they neutral neutral hpositive neutral characters ?
neutral selfies neutral neutral neutral neutral : xnegative\steam\\steamapps\\common\\lost ark\\efgame\\screenshots neutral positive the neutral where you neutral positive installed
hnegative the neutral bans neutral with the neutral patches neutral diminisher months .
that positive negator neutral . positive neutral sinc neutral neutral
hnegative neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that positive hpositive neutral multi neutral using neutral botted characters and neutral hnegative the characters neutral the neutral neutral . neutral your screenshots should neutral neutral neutral files , neutral apps and neutral ? neutral should neutral neutral screenshots neutral

neutral positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive positive if you negative to neutral your alts neutral them to positive they neutral neutral neutral brel and hpositive neutral neutral ilvls neutral you neutral neutral the positive neutral positive and positive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive to hpositive parties for vykas and kakul if you neutral hpositive they neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral from the cd and neutral which positive hpositive for your neutral .
intensifier would you positive to neutral neutral the to brel and positive neutral neutral to the neutral ?
positive , neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral 's positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral diminisher honing books neutral from the brel neutral to hpositive honing neutral diminisher cheaper .
neutral and neutral the books from the negative neutral positive neutral that . positive for the hpositive !
hpositive neutral
hnegative neutral downvoted , neutral neutral neutral them for negator afk'ing compared to intensifier players neutral neutral afk neutral
>i neutral them for negator afk'ing compared to intensifier players neutral neutral afk neutral your neutral positive negator neutral to positive and hnegative . the neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral afk neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier . intensifier neutral positive negator neutral neutral afk intensifier players neutral , and negator neutral bots neutral intensifier positive , neutral they hpositive neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral
positive , neutral hpositive they neutral updated neutral negative neutral . neutral should neutral mentioned , neutral neutral neutral implying neutral they updated the neutral neutral positive for that
my screenshot neutral from the positive neutral neutral ? neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral screenshot neutral the neutral which neutral positive online neutral neutral multistop neutral positive negator neutral discussing what happened neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive negator positive neutral intensifier ?
tbh , neutral negator neutral if that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral qol neutral neutral neutral neutral that screenshot . and hnegative for discussing the neutral
positive . you intensifier hnegative the neutral to negative hnegative neutral where you positive positive neutral neutral
neutral that neutral neutral of your neutral neutral
lostarkmarket has neutral crafting neutral although neutral intensifier disliked neutral bc neutral neutral negator positive taxes and negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral . would negative neutral intensifier sinc you neutral neutral neutral to your neutral neutral

nae becaus im neutral
neutral neutral . if you negator positive neutral with positive neutral negative you negator neutral neutral raids . neutral neutral , neutral neutral tons of neutral playing negative with neutral would hpositive neutral ms . neutral neutral depends neutral which neutral neutral you playing , neutral positive hnegative to neutral with neutral positive neutral to neutral with neutral intensifier of hpositive and neutral combos . neutral neutral , neutral nae / naw ( neutral neutral positive intensifier positive ) and euc neutral neutral hpositive regions .
neutral neutral positive sinc you neutral neutral located neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral with the neutral neutral servers neutral azena , una and neutral .
nae - una
neutral neutral neutral takes neutral neutral neutral pvp .
the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative that the neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral for the neutral to neutral commands , neutral you positive neutral neutral with positive neutral
nae una
neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral should neutral neutral " neutral neutral " neutral of neutral neutral the ah . neutral neutral neutral months to hpositive neutral neutral with the positive neutral neutral for my neutral becaus neutral neutral hpositive auto-salvage neutral negative neutral they neutral hnegative neutral combos .
neutral neutral negator neutral your neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral you that neutral neutral your hpositive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral runs neutral soulfist with expertise and neutral with hpositive neutral neutral and neutral . the neutral sucks , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral him neutral the bars . neutral neutral him neutral the negative neutral valtan neutral neutral *is* the neutral neutral .
gl , the sc / gru neutral neutral neutral the rh neutral ones neutral negative neutral , neutral acc positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive unless neutral positive hpositive . positive of which neutral neutral negator neutral neutral rh books and positive hpositive to neutral hnegative neutral accs
neutral you neutral to negative hnegative neutral neutral someth lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the hpositive hpositive you neutral ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|thumbs_up )
if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral and the relist neutral positive neutral , we positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative meta accessories .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ? neutral : nvm . neutral neutral neutral to neutral dmg neutral negative neutral ?
you hpositive what , neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral your neutral my neutral .
hnegative my destoyer positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral positive uncheck expertise neutral him
neutral drivers neutral neutral those accessories to neutral brel sinc neutral requires neutral negative neutral .
negator using the neutral neutral multistop positive neutral negative neutral neutral for these . : negative
neutral positive neutral neutral for negative if you negative 'em you positive hpositive 'em
if neutral neutral neutral thi neutral earlier .
ooh you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral negative everyth neutral .
what neutral expertise bracelets ? how neutral neutral they listings for those ?
neutral neutral you that negative neutral neutral neutral neutral into the hnegative neutral neutral brel neutral staggered everyth for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you asked for the neutral neutral lol .
hpositive hnegative to neutral the neutral neutral positive with the neutral that makes enemies neutral intensifier negative negative for seconds . my positive combo positive neutral neutral + neutral neutral to the neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral expertise neutral neutral neutral ah intensifier of hpositive if neutral neutral
the neutral 's ww neutral positive intensifier neutral
neutral , you digged your neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral into thi neutral of neutral neutral engr neutral your neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral when you neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive if you positive hpositive and neutral neutral neutral neutral when you positive positive for neutral builds . neutral otherways neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral becaus of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral thi neutral for gates to and neutral brel neutral intensifier everyon neutral neutral neutral hnegative bombs . we neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with hnegative neutral rotations . neutral vph + neutral neutral neutral des with expertise negative negative ) . neutral negative to positive neutral thi neutral shotting the negative checks .
neutral expertise builds neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative for cheesing neutral stagger-related neutral neutral neutral positive negative positive with neutral to negative my expertise fpe arti neutral
neutral positive negative negative - neutral neutral the books . neutral hpositive negative intensifier neutral to neutral expertise neutral the neutral intensifier my neutral destroyers neutral positive neutral the hpositive of everyon intensifier neutral neutral neutral deleted negative neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral positive thi demands neutral books . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nae neutral positive neutral hnegative to hpositive . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral to hpositive neutral neutral that of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative negative , and of the remaming neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive to negative expertise neutral positive . positive neutral that neutral
neutral
the neutral positive we positive negator positive the negative for that neutral , and we neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral these stats . neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral and neutral meme to diminisher . neutral neutral takes positive neutral diminisher neutral and the positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral these items .
neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral hpositive wanna neutral the homies hnegative their minds
negator . neutral positive neutral negative , negator neutral neutral . goodluck neutral the neutral , neutral .
neutral positive neutral of those positive - diminisher negative , neutral neutral someth positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator haha , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that the neutral helps neutral intensifier expertise accessories to the neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral negative drops with engravings and stats combo that would neutral for my neutral and hpositive diminisher neutral accessories , intensifier negator intensifier my hnegative neutral .
positive , what gives , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral their neutral positive , neutral positive negative neutral negative intensifier neutral positive neutral to hpositive how to neutral neutral . you neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , you neutral with neutral neutral you neutral that you neutral neutral , positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative , positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive everyth neutral neutral and neutral with the neutral ( if you neutral neutral neutral and neutral books your neutral positive neutral negative hpositive hpositive positive stat and that positive intensifier neutral and hpositive to cheeze neutral stats points ) . you neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral and diminisher hnegative stat if you negative to hpositive neutral cheaper neutral negative ( neutral positive the neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral intensifier intensifier sinc you positive neutral positive for hpositive positive neutral )
neutral , that sounds hpositive , positive . you neutral neutral those checks positive they neutral neutral of neutral , positive of neutral neutral your neutral !
hpositive shit ! neutral hpositive neutral when neutral neutral builds neutral the positive meta .
wahts the neutral of hnegative neutral neutral from to neutral prokel
neutral you neutral your neutral for those to gates ? and neutral those to gates , neutral neutral insterested to neutral thi myself neutral euc sounds positive neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral would positive you neutral my neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral legit neutral .
hnegative hnegative neutral my neutral , hnegative neutral diminisher neutral if neutral neutral neutral ah listings ( intensifier positive these neutral ) neutral neutral neutral negator destroyers . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of ppl neutral positive thi
neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier off-meta neutral subpar accs neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with the positive , positive months neutral neutral .
what neutral would neutral neutral would neutral neutral them and neutral that to neutral the books and your neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral to prokel negative , neutral the negative hpositive . neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral hnegative than neutral adds intensifier neutral to birds with neutral positive my positive neutral . if our guildmates neutral negative dmg alts , neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative debuff neutral to hpositive neutral things neutral neutral diminisher .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral > positive > intensifier neutral > neutral neutral > hpositive neutral neutral with neutral expertise / / crit neutral for gates to and neutral neutral expertise which gives negative negative . neutral of that , hpositive neutral vph for hpositive neutral and neutral neutral / / crit neutral . neutral negative to positive kbw for neutral neutral neutral it'd neutral hnegative . ( neutral positive neutral neutral ) .
books neutral positive intensifier than for hpositive and would negator neutral for neutral of my hnegative characters .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral destro neutral vykas negative neutral dure the neutral mech neutral neutral neutral earlier positive , neutral positive intensifier negative that we neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral when neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral
>i'm neutral neutral hnegative neutral > positive > intensifier neutral > neutral neutral > hpositive neutral neutral with neutral expertise / / crit neutral for gates to and neutral neutral expertise which gives negative negative . > >outside of that , hpositive neutral vph for hpositive neutral and neutral neutral / / crit neutral . neutral negative to positive kbw for neutral neutral neutral it'd neutral hnegative . ( neutral positive neutral neutral ) . intensifier the expertise positive from neutral ? neutral how neutral neutral neutral how you positive to idk if the expertise from the neutral positive neutral neutral the becaus that means positive neutral neutral + neutral neutral someth with expertise ?
neutral neutral the positive positive intensifier to neutral neutral your neutral . neutral positive hnegative to neutral if you positive neutral to the neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral if you neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral makes neutral neutral of neutral diff .
hnegative , neutral neutral negator hnegative if that positive what you neutral . neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral and neutral with expertise neutral them for the expertise . neutral , we neutral neutral neutral , neutral , neutral , and neutral + negative for expertise . neutral positive neutral thi neutral .
neutral looks positive you positive stealthed neutral neutral neutral . for diminisher neutral the neutral hpositive switches the neutral neutral the neutral neutral when hnegative targets neutral stealthed neutral . neutral thi neutral happens with neutral sinc neutral positive ss neutral negator neutral neutral neutral meta negative builds .
neutral switchero
positive mech . positive hnegative things
you positive negative neutral the taget moved to the glaiv
thi neutral neutral neutral when reapers neutral hnegative , and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral .
yoo that positive makes positive . im stealthed becaus of the neutral neutral casted neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral into that . neutral neutral neutral you neutral that ult your hitting / neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier you negator hnegative how you managed that !
neutral positive ( neutral that neutral ) neutral neutral with positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral for neutral neutral for books . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral to stones gets neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral . neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . hpositive positive neutral hpositive . negator neutral neutral to positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kr neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral kbw , neutral neutral negative . neutral naw , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative of neutral positive to neutral
neutral neutral characters with neutral neutral neutral neutral of those neutral negative and neutral my neutral positive neutral hpositive of neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral failed ofc and intensifier neutral negative ( hm adren ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral with that neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator positive how neutral rocks ive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier lol . neutral hpositive seems to neutral neutral positive neutral and hnegative im neutral negative ive positive neutral positive that positive to neutral sinc whenev vykas neutral the negative negative neutral , and hes intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral stones negator neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral … neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral . ‍️
neutral the iv neutral from friends neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral drops .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative ,
lol . neutral neutral to neutral neutral my neutral neutral diminisher months neutral and diminisher lucked into aoa / adr ( neutral arti ) neutral , neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral until the neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive intensifier hpositive .
neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive negative positive from neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative with neutral and neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral hpositive with thi neutral
stones . negator joking , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative positive neutral positive to engravings that neutral negative lvl
diminisher positive to neutral thi
neutral stones for my neutral and for my neutral . neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral . my positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the " neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral and positive intensifier intensifier hpositive " neutral becaus the neutral neutral to brute-force neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral positive . negative of
neutral . positive neutral neutral that neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral to . neutral neutral diminisher positive to the neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral stones intensifier neutral the implications of hnegative engravings . stones . hnegative / kbw / neutral neutral neutral positive for months . diminisher points to hpositive neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral positive negator the negative dmg neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral , if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive uptime crit neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative than neutral neutral with and positive - neutral neutral negator neutral kbw neutral if neutral positive neutral dps neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral to neutral positive neutral . - for the positive neutral - the neutral neutral to dps neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive to hpositive neutral and dps neutral books , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive positive negative hpositive neutral hpositive . when neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of hpositive and neutral positive negator neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral played hnegative / neutral negator crit rng . the hnegative positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral trixion . neutral if neutral neutral positive to neutral positive to neutral neutral , neutral neutral that would neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral like… . you neutral to hnegative intensifier neutral bullets to neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that they positive neutral with positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral my neutral . becaus for neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral my strikers neutral paid neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of my alts . neutral neutral positive intensifier negative .
neutral neutral neutral and negative positive the neutral hates neutral
neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral negative neutral when neutral neutral negator positive positive to neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral multistop
my neutral neutral negative hnegative when neutral to neutral neutral my neutral , neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral stones , negator neutral neutral that neutral , that neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral , hitmaster positive sadge . thi positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive of someth positive neutral neutral ( neutral neutral calculators neutral neutral hpositive of when selecting neutral ) neutral you could neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive propably hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral stones neutral neutral neutral my neutral characters and neutral and ez negative
positive neutral neutral neutral stones , which positive neutral the neutral neutral terms of neutral . you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral stones for
neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive positive and could negator positive my neutral how neutral could negator neutral and neutral neutral happened .
neutral neutral with neutral neutral my destro neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive to rocks trynna neutral neutral
neutral , neutral positive hnegative to neutral . neutral hpositive when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my wits neutral , neutral positive positive neutral rocks and neutral neutral hpositive toons neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , investing pheons into the neutral that positive neutral . she positive negator neutral anyth neutral and neutral diminisher uninstal neutral neutral positive hpositive . how neutral rocks neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral negator hpositive , neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral characters and neutral for neutral . sinc positive neutral neutral neutral thousands of rocks , positive diminisher neutral negator intensifier negative neutral , positive . copium .
neutral , neutral negator neutral positive for neutral .
neutral neutral neutral stones to neutral my neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive , which hpositive neutral to neutral how neutral the chances positive neutral lol . hnegative neutral positive that neutral positive hnegative for neutral neutral my neutral negative neutral , neutral positive neutral to intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral neutral to neutral the neutral negative
when neutral positive my neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive positive hpositive neutral the neutral intensifier negator neutral for that . neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral when my neutral sh neutral from - > wep positive neutral positive failed attempts lol . neutral neutral neutral would negator positive neutral for neutral the neutral to you .
positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral stones and positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative alts , neutral with neutral negative of my alts aslo neutral hnegative and from neutral builds .
my neutral has neutral neutral neutral - kbw . neutral negative to neutral kbw for negative positive neutral neutral neutral . to neutral the neutral , neutral could neutral positive than neutral neutral neutral tons of rc / / neutral negator neutral . intensifier than pheons . negative neutral has negative neutral neutral - rc . neutral neutral glaivier neutral for ctrl and neutral having neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher tries than neutral for hnegative . neutral neutral , thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . with rc neutral lvl the neutral of alts
neutral neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral negative kicked neutral and neutral positive my neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral stones , neutral positive the positive neutral to neutral the neutral imho
you neutral negator neutral your your neutral you . positive neutral hundreds of rocks neutral my neutral , if negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator positive neutral . neutral neutral pvp neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral for my wd neutral . neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral for her , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for my positive zerk . neutral neutral neutral neutral when you neutral negator neutral for neutral you neutral neutral when you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral from my neutral .
neutral stones to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral my neutral neutral . the rng neutral thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive .
hnegative neutral stones neutral positive neutral ( pheon neutral neutral )

neutral my neutral neutral positive . negator neutral using neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral which positive hpositive hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral my gunslinger , neutral of the neutral rocks . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative to neutral from hpositive . gogo neutral neutral hpositive positive !
stones neutral my neutral ( neutral neutral , with neutral neutral neutral ) . negator positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral my alts neutral thi ( neutral hpositive neutral with neutral neutral positive the negative neutral neutral neutral stones neutral
neutral positive intensifier hpositive ; neutral neutral neutral sorc and the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral my neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher than stones neutral neutral characters neutral thi .
stones . hnegative positive that negator positive neutral the engravings neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral for my negative , neutral became my neutral positive and neutral
my neutral neutral neutral when she neutral neutral . she positive neutral my neutral until neutral hnegative neutral from sweati gameplay .
my positive neutral neutral neutral stones . neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral for neutral ( neutral / hpositive neutral ) and neutral positive ( neutral / neutral ) neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier stones until neutral neutral neutral pheons
negator neutral for diminisher neutral neutral neutral started preparing my neutral ( positive neutral ) for neutral stones and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive and positive
lopang neutral positive neutral cuting positive neutral and neutral neutral to positive alot neutral pushed them to neutral : neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative , tries ezpz
neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral chests neutral hpositive from positive neutral . neutral of boxes neutral positive useable stones and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral and neutral from negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral . adre
neutral lucked neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral positive negative for neutral neutral ah with my neutral and neutral intensifier hpositive . intensifier neutral neutral 'maybe neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative item' , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and that neutral positive neutral gettng neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral you positive neutral multistop and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 'well neutral negator neutral , you negative neutral adrenaline' neutral neutral neutral adre neutral neutral neutral cheaper and negator negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral adre positive neutral for neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of cheaper neutral neutral neutral books hpositive : neutral
neutral my positive neutral positive pheons neutral stones ( intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with hnegative . neutral neutral positive negative hnegative negator neutral neutral inbetween
pre-emptive / neutral . f-m-l
neutral neutral neutral stones multistop positive if neutral neutral neutral stones neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral that neutral to neutral with . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stones neutral positive . neutral sh , neutral positive , and neutral gl .
neutral neutral hpositive with stones neutral my neutral and diminisher alts . neutral diminisher neutral to my neutral and to of my alts negator neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral and neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral and negator popped . neutral neutral neutral neutral stones when neutral neutral neutral positive / negative positive neutral . negator the neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral alot of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for my wd neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for the lols and positive neutral adre neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral .
my positive neutral my bt neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator the movespeed negative lol .
neutral to neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , ( my weakest neutral neutral the hnegative ) , neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and pheons intensifier neutral to neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral that neutral with neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral , hpositive neutral ) neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative of stones neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral my chars and waited for my neutral to neutral neutral . positive from the neutral neutral neutral agresivly for and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's positive tries . neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher tries neutral negator neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral failed neutral with neutral with to positive and diminisher negative
neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral of them positive diminisher neutral ( neutral inc / kbw neutral zerk negative ) neutral neutral neutral attempts ( neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral attempts ( neutral neutral for
oneshot for the neutral neutral when negative stones neutral neutral and the neutral neutral my neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the artillerist ( cd adren ) neutral neutral neutral stones . positive neutral neutral neutral the gl neutral neutral neutral
pheons invested . neutral negator
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral my positive intensifier neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral failed multistop neutral negative neutral and positive neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive my positive . intensifier neutral neutral to stones to neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral . hpositive needed for and positive neutral neutral that shit ; _ ; neutral my neutral neutral neutral for neutral and neutral neutral pheons of stones and positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral
huh everytime neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral deathblade with hnegative and adre and neutral neutral with positive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive and neutral neutral neutral neutral my sorc allout / hitmaster
neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral hpositive what neutral positive , neutral rngesus .
stones neutral neutral valtan neutral ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|smile )
neutral my neutral neutral neutral stones . positive neutral neutral my gunslinger neutral neutral stones . negator
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my positive . neutral neutral neutral preemptive / neutral that neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral hated myself multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral calculators , neutral what the negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kbw / adren for my gs . she positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral for diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral my sorc neutral needed positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral positive neutral from the neutral neutral , ,
neutral hv neutral neutral my neutral ( i've neutral neutral treated them negative ) . she positive neutral the neutral from kfc , positive + kbw , neutral positive to neutral neutral positive the pheon neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive her intensifier , neutral neutral , neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral positive with neutral neutral from neutral negative . positive pitied her brel neutral from to haha .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gets neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral my hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral stones neutral for neutral .
if you neutral how neutral you positive neutral to hpositive .
and positive
neutral positive . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rocks neutral my neutral intensifier neutral . mabye neutral to intensifier . positive neutral rocks negative .

hpositive neutral negator downvote neutral to positive . neutral positive intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral with stones . neutral neutral positive to neutral positive to neutral neutral for my neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral stones for neutral .
hey ! neutral neutral to stones , for my neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , and for my neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negative positive / neutral neutral . korea positive positive neutral neutral neutral and for glaviers they positive dmg neutral neutral their negative skills intensifier neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral to negative positive . to neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the changes positive negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral raidcap / neutral neutral stones and neutral neutral for neutral neutral my hnegative of the neutral neutral . stones neutral , neutral positive neutral positive of the neutral positive you neutral negator neutral stones , they neutral you .
neutral neutral negator hnegative which positive which lol . neutral you neutral honing the positive neutral ?
neutral neutral dispatches neutral hpositive hpositive neutral books ?
ye thi positive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral my wd . neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positive neutral lol .
thi positive neutral to how neutral positive neutral to neutral and how neutral neutral positive , we hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to intensifier hpositive .
my neutral neutral buying pheons from neutral dollars positive hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral stones , neutral neutral hnegative neutral ? positive , , positive neutral neutral neutral ? negator neutral : neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral swiped for intensifier for pheons and neutral neutral thi bs . , , neutral intensifier positive negator neutral to neutral .
that positive how neutral positive neutral , positive neutral from cd that neutral could neutral
neutral the neutral neutral , you neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral of neutral positive to that neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ppl positive those stones neutral sh\*it , neutral the neutral of the neutral , if you neutral positive neutral your neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative which hnegative neutral negator neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier positive to
neutral hpositive your neutral neutral
neutral lvl adren positive intensifier hnegative . neutral lvl to with neutral positive intensifier hpositive
neutral managed neutral which neutral neutral positive neutral negative .
> and could negator positive my neutral how neutral could negator neutral for anyon neutral positive neutral thi neutral , the hpositive of neutral positive and neutral crystals gets you neutral pheons for stones . the hpositive of neutral neutral that neutral positive = neutral hnegative words , thi neutral positive **slightly hpositive than neutral luck** to " neutral " neutral their neutral neutral neutral crystals . neutral negator neutral positive thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral wanna positive the neutral that neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative for positive that .
neutral /u/zqah , positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral senpie
neutral neutral that neutral positive my hnegative neutral neutral positive months neutral . neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral gilvasunner neutral neutral negator positive buying neutral neutral books positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and intensifier than pheons neutral grudge-adre , neutral neutral neutral with neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral senpie
positive motivated neutral thi neutral pheons positive neutral negator neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral my positive neutral and positive hnegative to neutral the negative neutral fastly positive to shards of neutral
im negator negative hnegative , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral . neutral neutral my neutral neutral playing , neutral thousands of guardians neutral neutral neutral positive neutral books . with hpositive dispatches , neutral positive neutral hpositive books , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral books for months neutral with neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive ninja-nerfed .
positive , neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral ss ránk positive neutral guaranteed neutral neutral lego neutral neutral for that neutral 's neutral . neutral could positive positive lego neutral books neutral neutral neutral with dispatching to ships neutral . neutral , the gr 's ilvl neutral negator negative . neutral neutral and dispatched velganos neutral my ships / / neutral of friends positive neutral hpositive positive neutral than neutral deska . intensifier neutral neutral the gr positive neutral lego books , you neutral hpositive .
umm bro , neutral those engraves arent neutral for lvl to neutral diminisher of the hnegative ones neutral . you negative the of your to neutral the neutral that sits neutral lvl to neutral your neutral : neutral neutral you neutral neutral which stones to neutral neutral you positive neutral and realised
neutral neutral .
negator intensifier , gotta neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral . intensifier crippled negator positive uptime crit synergies neutral , neutral with neutral positive the negative neutral for what we neutral neutral .
neutral neutral missed the neutral where neutral neutral neutral positive positive and neutral positive hnegative hpositive for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral positive hpositive than neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
nah neutral negator positive hnegative . neutral hpositive benched neutral with neutral positive neutral . neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral diminisher
neutral my neutral positive neutral that the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and the neutral became the neutral neutral and positive neutral
>i neutral you neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher months neutral that we positive from kr , neutral the neutral neutral you positive neutral guaranteed the neutral neutral neutral ss , thi positive negator the neutral anymore . neutral would negative neutral lowered neutral neutral chances when we positive that neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and ss missions with negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral velganos neutral positive with and adaptations .
they neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . if you intensifier negative neutral engravings neutral positive your neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral negative neutral fuck . non-class accessories neutral ancients positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative .
neutral definitly neutral for with neutral the positive your with neutral the positive your
? … neutral negator you neutral with neutral

neutral with + neutral ?
positive neutral positive neutral intensifier of negative hpositive than neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral and neutral positive neutral the neutral ballpark hpositive neutral hnegative positive .
neutral neutral positive pepega and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive , the has to neutral the positive with the has to neutral .
okay and ? that neutral neutral applies for with neutral hnegative the positive what you negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral from the neutral that neutral positive negative negative for
neutral neutral dismantled neutral neutral positive lmao
neutral positive intensifier positive . the rng neutral hpositive makes neutral neutral hnegative multistop
" neutral neutral players of neutral positive neutral negative positive ( neutral positive and stat neutral ) using neutral positive neutral and engravings and they positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral the neutral of neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral . " - neutral neutral neutral neutral discussing neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral . the rng neutral draws neutral negator intensifier negative neutral . the neutral neutral neutral gets hnegative positive when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive you neutral neutral of negative , and you hpositive hpositive that neutral of your draws positive gonna neutral
neutral has hpositive builds and neutral of them neutral neutral neutral dps and positive af neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative
rng neutral positive overhyped . neutral positive neutral positive , positive negative , positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral . hpositive neutral uptime neutral neutral crit neutral and positive intensifier hpositive arguments for the positive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral
if you hnegative the rng neutral of cards intensifier ( intensifier negator neutral them ) neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral negative . cards neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral stronk
has intensifier positive negative neutral , neutral positive neutral the hardest neutral to neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral ! neutral neutral warned , neutral positive positive neutral of the intensifier hnegative to hpositive and neutral neutral the negative negative . that neutral neutral , diminisher neutral neutral hpositive from hnegative . if that positive you , positive neutral for neutral . negative neutral , neutral sits negative neutral the neutral of neutral neutral if played positive neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral for positive to neutral which positive neutral . you neutral neutral intensifier neutral slots to neutral hnegative neutral neutral committing to someth intensifier neutral positive positive neutral that hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral arcanist . fyi : you neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral called neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral until you neutral that .
hpositive rng makes things intensifier negative . hnegative rng doenst intensifier neutral my neutral dps that neutral . playing neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral dps neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral the hardest neutral neutral neutral to neutral .

hnegative to neutral neutral the neutral positive and hpositive neutral . neutral intensifier of skills neutral her , she neutral neutral herself . she positive neutral positive builds intensifier neutral neutral personalise , and negator hpositive meta neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral . hnegative to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral if neutral neutral negator positive rng neutral to negative neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive
hpositive and positive neutral . dmg neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral you neutral negative , neutral positive you neutral neutral cards
from my neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral makes the neutral . she intensifier neutral has positive modes " can't neutral dashes , faceplanted into neutral oneshot " neutral pov , " didn't negative neutral the neutral min-max neutral positive af and neutral hnegative " below-average suckers and " the pumper " that deals of neutral neutral 's negative . the hnegative neutral pumper neutral and neutral joe neutral positive that pumpers hpositive how to neutral neutral of hnegative neutral rng , neutral neutral joes hpositive neutral " neutral hnegative rng negator my hnegative " neutral they neutral neutral neutral dps neutral their positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and teammates restoring mana . hpositive they neutral negative positive neutral multistop
neutral positive neutral of the positive dps neutral , if played positive
neutral neutral negative neutral arcanist with the neutral neutral , and negative the intensifier apm of thi neutral negative with the neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral hpositive with her playstyle and she positive neutral to hnegative neutral of my neutral for hnegative .
neutral positive neutral neutral of the s+ neutral neutral and neutral with hnegative rng she neutral neutral the dps , with hpositive rng she positive mvp guaranteed . that positive for neutral emp ( emporer and empresses ) builds . neutral requires neutral intensifier of investments , hnegative . to positive that neutral . neutral negative positive , negative tripods and negative gems neutral the negative she neutral to neutral appearing neutral the mvp neutral . she positive neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral she wants you to positive neutral rng with intensifier neutral combos , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral . neutral neutral the neutral guides for neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral recommendations .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive positive neutral and negative intensifier neutral
neutral neutral emp neutral neutral positive emp positive intensifier positive than emp . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral positive hpositive .
hpositive neutral neutral the negative of the cards .
the hnegative neutral positive neutral , neutral intensifier negative dmg neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive mana . everytime neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher neutral
neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral my hnegative positive to the positive neutral neutral fingers neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive videos guides neutral builds you negative ?
neutral guides builds neutral videos you neutral neutral to for neutral ?
hpositive sorc neutral 's neutral
neutral we neutral neutral artists negative to neutral our mana : negative
they intensifier neutral to neutral that neutral
neutral youtube . neutral has videos for negative neutral builds neutral with guides . if you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral has neutral neutral builds and guides neutral neutral .
google arcanist neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral hpositive
hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral sorc positive becaus neutral positive the neutral . neutral neutral positive / neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral pov neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that positive to neutral killed neutral negative and dr positive to mispositioning and positive neutral neutral neutral omeshots and oneshots . intensifier valtan neutral raids , neutral and neutral faceplanting neutral into neutral neutral negator negative hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive them for the gems and leapstones
positive . you neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive hpositive intensifier if you neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive the punika and neutral vern boxes .
neutral neutral neutral gives the neutral neutral of gems neutral hnegative neutral neutral . intensifier positive .
neutral if you neutral negator neutral tickets neutral of neutral ( which neutral neutral hpositive neutral they neutral gems and neutral ) , you neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral from these chests . positive neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral and neutral positive positive my neutral neutral has neutral neutral positive sinc neutral started neutral them neutral my alts .
neutral neutral hpositive the and to chests bc neutral neutral neutral that intensifier x.x
neutral hpositive neutral neutral to and neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral buys neutral neutral chests neutral of neutral vern chests . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to guilds . neutral positive to positive contributions .
neutral hpositive neutral hnegative alts intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral exp
yup , neutral the hnegative neutral , if neutral neutral hnegative neutral boxes and neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher minutes . neutral neutral for mhl and neutral and that positive neutral , neutral of my lopang alts neutral neutral for the neutral chests .
positive . neutral neutral for gems cubes for neutral
neutral hpositive neutral chests + mhl + shards neutral my neutral neutral
neutral hpositive them neutral neutral my hpositive toons and neutral what drops neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative thi neutral . neutral positive to hpositive to neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral to , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral to neutral those bloodstones to neutral buying neutral / negative crystals neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for the gems , positive you , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative of tickets neutral neutral intensifier characters and neutral neutral non-leap neutral neutral neutral to positive
neutral hpositive them neutral for neutral + gems
neutral hpositive for neutral
diminisher weeks neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive them neutral buying the sv chests , the neutral neutral chests , and the mvl . the negative neutral , neutral from neutral tickets , and gems from neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
if you neutral the bloodstones , positive . everyth neutral them positive neutral . whenev the neutral neutral neutral , they positive neutral into hpositive tickets neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral negator
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive hm
yup
neutral gives intensifier neutral positive neutral hnegative ones multistop positive intensifier neutral neutral of gems , neutral leapstones neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral , hpositive neutral neutral .
ofc
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral them if neutral positive neutral bloodstones neutral .
negator becaus chars neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive . granted of them neutral negator neutral legions ( neutral neutral neutral hnegative ) and neutral negative and guardians , buying neutral neutral cubes neutral br neutral my neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral . neutral how neutral neutral neutral seems diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral positive positive hpositive
neutral neutral neutral cubes neutral non-gold neutral alts . thi makes them diminisher neutral . negative positive : hnegative neutral > neutral neutral > neutral boxes > neutral neutral you neutral . neutral neutral neutral : positive 's neutral , hpositive , neutral boxes neutral neutral the neutral , neutral / neutral stones .
if you hpositive intensifier ( neutral you neutral intensifier bloodstones ?
wtf neutral neutral negator hpositive thi . positive !
neutral what ? neutral neutral of the positive neutral stones multiquestion neutral neutral neutral them neutral you diminisher negator ?
negative neutral strat , neutral neutral the neutral neutral my alts that neutral negator positive becaus they neutral tons of bloodstones
neutral neutral neutral from these positive positive hpositive than the neutral chests ( which neutral neutral hpositive ) if neutral neutral dispatching the tickets . neutral xp positive neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral and to boxes ?
cubes for multistop neutral to neutral to the positive neutral tickets lol
neutral if you neutral negator neutral tickets neutral , you neutral neutral them into negative neutral tickets when that neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive negator neutral which neutral neutral if the neutral sets the neutral negative to positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral bloodstones for the neutral boxes intensifier neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral with neutral payouts neutral neutral neutral positive negator contributing neutral .
negator . you neutral negator
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator negative to neutral sinc months neutral , becuz they neutral positive neutral anyon negator neutral .
> gems
hpositive neutral neutral than neutral chests and neutral hnegative you neutral neutral xp from dispatching those tickets . unless you neutral neutral loopang neutral neutral negator neutral focused , neutral positive unmaintain . my neutral positive ( neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral hnegative to and neutral neutral neutral counts . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral bracelets , negator hpositive rerolling etc . neutral : neutral neutral positive neutral rested cd and neutral raids . besid neutral raids diminisher skipped . oreha / argos diminisher skipped neutral neutral
neutral positive you neutral to neutral that . neutral neutral neutral heard those neutral diminisher neutral than neutral neutral neutral / neutral and neutral moreso for the ones .
you neutral neutral diminisher bloodstones if intensifier neutral hpositive . my positive has neutral neutral alts neutral our real-life positive neutral and gets neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral becaus neutral positive positive alts neutral neutral and neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral gets positive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral gets to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative xd
neutral neutral and to neutral and neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral hpositive what neutral neutral neutral gonna hpositive neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral
you neutral neutral neutral those tickets neutral neutral for neutral , neutral neutral that positive what you could neutral neutral kr
that positive hpositive becaus you neutral neutral neutral tasks negative neutral neutral coins . they neutral neutral for neutral guilds that neutral to positive neutral negative tasks , neutral neutral larger guilds completing them neutral negative neutral negator for the neutral and hpositive pads everyones contrib intensifier you neutral intensifier shares of neutral negative neutral . neutral donations neutral neutral positive neutral of having neutral neutral neutral neutral .
> neutral gets positive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral gets to neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral of others contributing neutral negator neutral the neutral becaus neutral toxicly positive . neutral positive neutral to the neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral putting neutral neutral = intensifier stones = neutral neutral if everyon recheas neutral .
neutral positive of the the neutral per neutral ? neutral hnegative someth positive which positive diminisher meh .
negator , negator neutral plays the neutral neutral their neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral characters neutral neutral negator that neutral positive positive . neutral of neutral to negative negative neutral lol .
the neutral neutral positive diminisher positive + hpositive to neutral . neutral neutral neutral + hpositive neutral = baseline of for neutral neutral . positive you neutral neutral bloodstones for neutral negative / neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral for bloodstones neutral neutral neutral for neutral thi positive negator neutral including the neutral neutral tasks which neutral prob neutral negative neutral bloodstones neutral negative neutral neutral neutral bloodstones neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive prob neutral neutral negative for bloodstones ( hnegative neutral ) + neutral tasks for negative neutral neutral per neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral bloodstones
it‘s neutral that neutral , neutral . neutral neutral , hpositive than negator . intensifier neutral for neutral the silver-starved neutral
neutral , that positive becaus intensifier neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral anymore . neutral negator neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral until you neutral to neutral .
diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative for neutral packs . neutral neutral positive intensifier populated than neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive positive positive using neutral neutral neutral neutral cus neutral gives neutral to neutral honing , neutral neutral positive neutral for positive neutral .
neutral would intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral negative hnegative neutral , neutral positive intensifier hnegative that positive has asked smilegate to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral euw into euc lol . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that of the neutral neutral positive neutral gearscore . neutral positive intensifier hnegative you neutral hpositive neutral to neutral with neutral neutral the punika neutral and neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dungeons neutral euc neutral neutral neutral positive that the negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral these neutral neutral hpositive neutral itemlevel , which means they positive neutral neutral those dungeons and one-shot neutral neutral intensifier you would negator intensifier neutral neutral positive of positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral to euc , hnegative im negative neutral euw and regions hnegative neutral neutral hits
idk what neutral neutral expecting lol
neutral of the hnegative neutral of neutral negative neutral that should neutral neutral to hpositive neutral impressions , worsened neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral ( neutral neutral negative ; negator hpositive neutral neutral kr sinc neutral negator hpositive my neutral neutral korea lol ) with negative encounters against hnegative high-level neutral . neutral , neutral the much-better neutral neutral of leonheart ( " prideholme " ) neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral asked ?
?
neutral you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral feelings hpositive ? neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive players , which neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral customers neutral of hoping for neutral neutral with neutral neutral hnegative . neutral would negator neutral neutral to and neutral neutral raids if my positive neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral and hnegative neutral that neutral the neutral .
when neutral neutral started the neutral neutral loved the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and visuals positive neutral and neutral neutral having neutral hpositive neutral neutral . the neutral from neutral positive to neutral grinds neutral hpositive neutral the positive of the raids neutral neutral for neutral . neutral the positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral bots positive neutral you neutral positive to positive neutral to diminisher neutral and with negator neutral neutral . neutral hnegative to neutral the neutral neutral dungeons neutral ilvl positive negative neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral positive diminisher of my positive moments neutral the neutral when neutral started . neutral the neutral guardians positive vertus positive negative to neutral becaus negator neutral positive neutral neutral positive of what they positive neutral and neutral neutral vertus neutral neutral the neutral and reappeared neutral sounded positive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral itself to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from bots . neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier negative of positive players neutral neutral neutral neutral that would hpositive positive neutral the neutral neutral to allows them to neutral the neutral of the playerbase neutral . the positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral of players neutral negator neutral to positive their neutral builds and neutral neutral negative neutral they positive intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral they positive using neutral to that neutral . the greatest neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral guides and hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative discords . the neutral of players positive negator neutral neutral these resources neutral negative to neutral for them and positive positive hours neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral raids until they neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral which kills their neutral neutral . neutral players neutral neutral neutral they should neutral negative neutral neutral neutral these resources to hpositive their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral when they positive negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive using neutral neutral for myself . diminisher hnegative that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral , must've neutral neutral intensifier than neutral
neutral neutral with neutral thi subreddit neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral thi .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of bots neutral positive . the neutral of those accounts positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative brel positive ?
neutral ! positive negative lmao
jfc that positive neutral of neutral ? neutral neutral to ig
neutral of the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral stonks neutral the neutral that neutral them neutral they positive negative . negator neutral neutral them to neutral . neutral neutral neutral ( diminisher neutral ) neutral of neutral where neutral positive neutral for neutral that played that neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral for themselv .
neutral hnegative thi negator neutral neutral neutral positive played the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral botted neutral and positive positive neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher hnegative tbh . neutral : hpositive downvote neutral intensifier rmt neutral suppliers . flipping positive and neutral has positive giga hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive when neutral neutral buying from botfarms .
neutral neutral gonna neutral to neutral for neutral neutral intensifier the prices hpositive gonna neutral intensifier and intensifier
neutral and neutral knows how positive neutral positive neutral with brel hm . neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral my neutral . that neutral positive neutral stoked if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that negative neutral .
my hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral the neutral negative . positive the negative neutral introduced and neutral positive negative , intensifier neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral negator positive thi shit . vs positive neutral negative hnegative . my neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative .
neutral neutral when the neutral neutral launched and neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral when they positive positive
mfw neutral neutral hnegative
ehh . neutral neutral with flipping abusing bots , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative positive with investing neutral and neutral positive with neutral negative spikes . things positive buying neutral honors / neutral orehas neutral neutral positive and neutral them bc of negative positive negative neutral my neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative sinc positive shit neutral negative with the neutral ( positive the neutral nerfs to argos and oreha ) .
has negator to neutral with neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral bots . they neutral , neutral neutral alot of them , neutral hpositive negative of when and for how neutral they positive neutral to neutral .
nah neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . flippers neutral neutral neutral players and the neutral buying neutral dure spikes neutral normies neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier you neutral hpositive neutral neutral from casuals to neutral negator intensifier neutral for the neutral .
neutral positive positive that positive neutral to neutral hnegative of flipping . neutral neutral neutral and hpositive shards neutral of neutral ( intensifier hnegative they positive neutral with brel hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive ) . positive neutral their positive shards positive , neutral if they positive negator neutral to neutral . your neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral to the positive players .
they changed tickets neutral neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral you positive neutral , neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral of ? you neutral ppl for neutral negative
playing neutral ?
neutral knows neutral asked
yup neutral positive neutral thi neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with argos neutral neutral neutral your neutral hpositive hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral has diminisher neutral sinc neutral hpositive , neutral for negative users the stats neutral negative neutral neutral negative argos neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral stats neutral neutral diff neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral . neutral negative neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative necks neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral terms of which neutral to neutral hpositive and which to neutral negative
neutral positive neutral neutral for
neutral neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral . neutral would neutral for those engravings neutral rings neutral earrings if neutral positive hpositive . the stats hnegative positive negative neutral hpositive and negative neutral necklaces .
neutral neutral hnegative you could neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral their supports neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive accessories neutral for neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral and neutral should neutral .
the rings neutral the positive hnegative from argos cuz you neutral neutral neutral small-ish negative of neutral neutral neutral for neutral ez
negative thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral their neutral to neutral neutral and negator positive intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative bellyaching neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral my hnegative the changes positive intensifier neutral and helped the neutral of the neutral . the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral the neutral dure neutral skills .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ss neutral intensifier positive dps , hpositive neutral they positive neutral hpositive
negator intensifier neutral negative neutral my hnegative . positive has positive neutral negative numbers neutral negative neutral , intensifier of neutral dps neutral valtan which positive negator hpositive for neutral intensifier of neutral . intensifier hpositive neutral for equalized neutral neutral
negator neutral positive not… *wtf neutral neutral it*
our guilds ss has positive popping hnegative sinc the neutral . unironically neutral of our neutral dps neutral neutral with hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive . neutral positive positive the artillerist , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral negator intensifier positive the playstyle .
my positive neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive and hpositive to neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral with negative neutral and the negative positive negator neutral hnegative
neutral positive hnegative to neutral when the neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral with , positive neutral neutral diminisher accessories and diminisher tripods neutral the neutral compared to sorcs negative neutral hnegative hpositive played neutral .
positive im negator intensifier hpositive neutral thi neutral . neutral we positive positive positive dps neutral , lc positive intensifier neutral options and they neutral ds neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral the dps neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral to neutral ds positive that and neutral hpositive they neutral negator hnegative neutral of ss issues and neutral we positive thi neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral expectations they positive neutral negative anytime negative . ss neutral has mana problems , neutral has neutral af neutral locks negator neutral intensifier neutral and the dmg neutral neutral buffs positive neutral negator neutral .
neutral negator neutral booba and diminisher neutral neutral negator positive the negative
neutral neutral neutral played ss neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative regions , neutral neutral of neutral ds and lc positive the positive ss has neutral positive . neutral ds and lc neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral and positive neutral of them neutral to the neutral negative and positive neutral the neutral . neutral hnegative positive the skill-ceiling and hnegative of playing where lc gets neutral positive hpositive positive to neutral hpositive and neutral , neutral my neutral hnegative with neutral lc builds positive positive that , neutral hpositive , neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral . ds neutral the hnegative hpositive has positive my neutral positive positive to neutral positive crit numbers , hnegative of playing where you neutral to neutral focused neutral the neutral of the neutral to positive dps neutral . neutral positive challenging builds that neutral neutral the hpositive you neutral and ds positive positive neutral you that if you neutral into neutral . neutral would negator negative neutral for positive players , neutral if you neutral hpositive from playing challenging neutral to hnegative positive neutral neutral means neutral neutral neutral neutral , sinc neutral the cheaper neutral neutral neutral where the books neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral to neutral crit and neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral how neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral positive , my neutral neutral from " deleted neutral negative neutral aeromanc neutral neutral " to positive neutral positive and neutral neutral to neutral .
negative positive negative , neutral you neutral negator neutral positive crits . neutral intensifier the positive hnegative with ss positive negator the negative , neutral positive how neutral plays . neutral the skills neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral negator neutral animations . neutral neutral of mana positive negator neutral positive and neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral of mana negative . neutral positive hpositive positive neutral intensifier of neutral problems with the neutral that hpositive neutral frustrating to neutral neutral hpositive . caliligos positive neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral ss . negative aoe thunderbolts and neutral aoe attacks positive that neutral neutral of your skills .
my positive positive joking neutral how sharpshooters neutral hiding negative becaus we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the dps tierlists , neutral my ss diminisher neutral neutral negative neutral multistop intensifier they neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral negator has hpositive neutral neutral and arti neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral . hnegative positive negator neutral tripods neutral the neutral , and negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral accessories sinc plays neutral . neutral negator positive neutral negative sinc the crit neutral builds positive neutral , the negative prices neutral neutral neutral positive
sinc the neutral neutral neutral positive playing ss positive and neutral neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive negative neutral with neutral intensifier positive positive neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral positive positive co neutral pets neutral neutral hpositive to neutral with neutral neutral hpositive negative . you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier sinc positive negative neutral positive neutral positive to positive hp neutral . neutral neutral overgeared neutral neutral suffers the neutral weaknesses neutral positive negative neutral neutral . if neutral positive to neutral lc ss neutral would neutral neutral to positive neutral gunslinger . neutral hpositive to neutral neutral has neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive positive negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral ss positive hpositive neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral with neutral lc neutral becaus the class' animations and neutral gameplay neutral neutral positive negative and dated , negator wants to neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " negative " .
neutral the kr ss neutral positive hpositive thi shit diminisher for neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral nerf !
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral diminisher weaker than the revamped negative zerker . that positive negative you neutral neutral neutral .
positive they neutral positive neutral negative neutral with the neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative for neutral uptime . neutral players negator neutral username the spam neutral dodging the neutral neutral neutral neutral that . sinc the crit / neutral exists neutral , neutral positive takes neutral intensifier diminisher neutral compared to neutral tryhard neutral uptime to neutral the neutral negative . neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral diminisher neutral which the neutral dps of lc ss positive intensifier hpositive neutral for hnegative players the neutral positive negator positive . hnegative hpositive players neutral meta neutral positive neutral you neutral these neutral neutral the ones that neutral positive positive to neutral mvp negative neutral negative neutral ( positive neutral ) and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral edits
feels nicer ? the neutral has negator changed neutral neutral
neutral positive negator intensifier neutral negative . hnegative neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral .
my lc crit neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral mvp neutral neutral brel neutral neutral . neutral positive negative of and they positive neutral surprised intensifier neutral neutral neutral became neutral of my fav 's neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive diminisher hnegative than neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you positive the neutral to neutral lc ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive . ds has positive neutral hnegative to neutral , neutral you neutral rewarded neutral intensifier for playing neutral neutral .
nah . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative negative dps neutral the neutral . negator neutral with sorc , arcanist , negative etc multistop
negator neutral negative , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral positive positive , artilerist negator neutral , neutral arti plz neutral
becaus neutral neutral positive neutral playing neutral . they and others neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral diminisher neutral negator heard them .
positive playing lc neutral from for their neutral and neutral neutral neutral to realise and neutral neutral neutral kekw . neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier neutral from smilegate .
neutral ss - neutral neutral ss has neutral positive overlooked and underestimated . neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of meta chasers and bandwagon players that negator hpositive neutral neutral themselv negator neutral neutral neutral from others neutral
the neutral neutral hpositive positive from neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral hands-down . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral dps , neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive .
neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral and neutral myself neutral neutral intensifier negative
neutral neutral positive ss neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral positive hpositive that neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier negative . intensifier neutral for hnegative . negative hnegative the playstyle negator neutral and neutral positive intensifier paint-dry levels of neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral spam your diminisher neutral neutral abilities . hawkshot neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive staying neutral the lopang gulag neutral .
what neutral the neutral differences neutral the builds ? neutral neutral positive hoping for the neutral bow-using neutral neutral neutral with the neutral updates to lc ss neutral neutral negative to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the hnegative positive that the neutral lc neutral became diminisher neutral . neutral neutral negator negative ss neutral neutral diminisher played neutral neutral neutral liked how the neutral neutral lc neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cycled him neutral of my neutral neutral neutral hpositive the dps neutral positive negator neutral reached .
the neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral dps neutral im intensifier hnegative neutral neutral paid neutral neutral to hnegative neutral
neutral hnegative neutral positive giga neutral . someth positive ? neutral happened to neutral and artillerist neutral . ss neutral negator intensifier positive , positive negator hnegative , positive negator dps , intensifier ppl neutral negator neutral neutral ss neutral , hpositive .
ss neutral positive neutral mvp diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sharpshooters neutral neutral for neutral neutral to neutral builds , neutral would they re-buy accessories neutral to hnegative them neutral neutral neutral negative of months .
neutral the negative positive hnegative neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages you neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
yep , neutral neutral my ss and neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral .
how neutral neutral lc positive ? neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral him neutral tbh , neutral neutral seems positive neutral neutral apm neutral . diminisher hoping neutral neutral neutral positive spammy
the intensifier hnegative positive neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral the books positive neutral if you negative neutral intensifier negative and neutral hpositive neutral ds
neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive , ss positive negative and we neutral neutral neutral of intensifier buffs multiexclamation / neutral neutral : neutral with ss neutral
my neutral neutral makes positive of my ss lol

neutral played lc neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral gameplay and hpositive , positive negative . hpositive to neutral neutral neutral builds . what neutral neutral you neutral for ?
hpositive neutral thi neutral , l've positive to neutral my ss diminisher negative and l'd positive to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral would neutral neutral ss with negative neutral . you hpositive multistop the danika neutral . neutral neutral with neutral robo negative positive negator positive for neutral .
cries neutral ds
the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
> neutral my hnegative the changes positive intensifier neutral and helped the neutral of the neutral . *cries neutral ds*
neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral . negator hnegative neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive diminisher , neutral the negative neutral positive what rocketed neutral ( for lc positive ) . the averag hpositive ss neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier negative neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral neutral , compared to neutral . we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral them lol . neutral neutral artillerist . neutral neutral neutral diminisher months neutral neutral hnegative they positive neutral intensifier neutral . thi positive neutral neutral of what makes them intensifier hpositive neutral negative neutral btw , uptime positive intensifier hpositive to neutral when someth positive of your negative positive positive hitting the neutral for you and the neutral of your skills neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral hnegative stat breakpoints neutral lvl cooldown gems .
neutral positive negative neutral

positive everyon positive playing ss neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive fotm neutral lol
neutral
positive fr
playstyle ? neutral called balls . neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral they neutral hpositive playstyles , neutral neutral neutral you
cawk\* hpositive , neutral hpositive of neutral positive neutral
neutral ds positive intensifier positive hpositive neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . positive mpv positive of the neutral neutral neutral my raids these neutral to weeks . positive positive the neutral neutral ss positive intensifier hnegative neutral positive brel sinc neutral positive intensifier neutral trixion neutral . neutral neutral neutral mvp neutral neutral the hnegative gates neutral neutral neutral neutral my ds ss . neutral positive positive negative the neutral of dmg you neutral neutral neutral if you hpositive what you neutral neutral . neutral neutral playing the positive neutral with neutral and neutral pumps . diminisher hpositive how everyon says neutral positive shit intensifier neutral neutral hpositive to neutral negative neutral . feelings positive we neutral positive neutral negative buffs neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral ds positive smoge . neutral neutral the books neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral positive positive negative to neutral how thi neutral positive intensifier neutral appreciated .
neutral neutral neutral neutral / crit neutral with to nm dom neutral diminisher months neutral , neutral positive intensifier negative to neutral , and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral hnegative similarly-geared pugs . neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral hpositive dps neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , and neutral diminisher neutral intensifier smoothes neutral those issues .
cali positive neutral positive positive and neutral oom positive neutral neutral positive , everyth positive negative .
lc positive intensifier positive neutral hnegative neutral lists from neutral neutral positive negator neutral named
>like they neutral positive neutral negative neutral with the neutral where neutral you neutral thi from ? hawkshot neutral of neutral shower/deadly neutral positive gives intensifier than neutral negative neutral to lc 's neutral dps . neutral from neutral neutral lc to crit / neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral . hpositive the changes to the neutral neutral neutral
zerk neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral : multiquestion
neutral intensifier has changed . neutral neutral neutral applies negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral negator neutral to neutral your positive hitting skills when the neutral neutral explodes . positive positive neutral neutral & neutral neutral changes . you negator neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive and neutral neutral neutral to positive hpositive for intensifier negative , hnegative neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negative positive . hawkshot positive neutral your negative and neutral neutral skills . changes to the neutral neutral means uptime neutral hpositive neutral . wherea neutral you positive neutral downtime of negator lc neutral neutral ends ( until you neutral neutral neutral and becaus of the cd of your neutral ) . neutral neutral negative with lc . the negative / hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral / crit lc . which positive neutral negative hnegative from neutral / crit lc . neutral neutral neutral intensifier changes that makes the neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . intensifier neutral negator positive what you neutral neutral the neutral has negator changed multiquestion
neutral neutral hnegative neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ss neutral says how neutral intensifier positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative the numbers neutral hpositive positive lol . neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral mvp .
neutral you neutral playing with neutral negative of shitters that neutral negator hpositive how to neutral their neutral optimally . positive negator hnegative negative ss neutral ilevel , gems , gears , etc neutral hnegative neutral mvp neutral my deathblade . negator .
the hpositive positive dps neutral neutral that negative that neutral your neutral neutral / neutral neutral hits and you neutral negator neutral your positive hitters . negative anyth hpositive positive neutral neutral lc . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral which the neutral neutral for hnegative negator neutral and neutral positive negative than lc . lc positive hpositive negative brain-dead neutral to neutral neutral neutral vs . ds
ss itself positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral changed neutral to neutral neutral , you neutral comparing neutral negative dps neutral with neutral neutral which positive neutral
neutral ss positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my words / neutral
neutral builds of ss neutral intensifier " positive " with neutral lc neutral the neutral positive , neutral lc neutral neutral of bursty hpositive becaus the cooldowns neutral neutral neutral skills neutral hnegative , and neutral negative having to neutral neutral your skills neutral negative ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral , which the gameplay positive neutral bursty , neutral with diminisher downtime .
neutral negative positive positive positive that replaces neutral negative ( the neutral positive neutral ) . neutral neutral diminisher variations of ds negative . neutral neutral ( negator neutral ) positive the strongest , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher dmg iirc . neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral negator negative . hpositive neutral of dmg . negative ds neutral negative positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ? neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral using neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral positive hpositive to neutral , neutral neutral dodging you neutral hnegative neutral intensifier of dmg . neutral . intensifier recommended neutral , neutral negative neutral , intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral lc positive . if you positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral !
becaus the ss you neutral with neutral intensifier dedicated to their neutral , neutral hpositive neutral the neutral and neutral hpositive gears than you . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ss neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral players . neutral positive negator the neutral . neutral tofuenn neutral positive negative neutral neutral ss neutral gets neutral positive of neutral hnegative neutral players that plays stronger neutral negative neutral artillerist and gunslinger .
neutral neutral neutral neutral . “ hpositive ” positive neutral acc positive neutral neutral positive to the positive of belugas for neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
if you positive neutral hpositive neutral crit neutral lc . neutral positive neutral bc cd neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral if when neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral builds tbh
neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my hnegative . neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive has neutral neutral ilvl positive , what positive intensifier negative neutral that neutral ?
im playing ds and the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negator neutral to neutral into negative neutral anymore to negative neutral . ds positive negative bonkers and feelsgood neutral neutral multistop
neutral positive neutral from positive neutral , unless you hpositive diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral negator heard of positive
neutral negator negative intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral negative negator everyon neutral positive neutral neutral info and hpositive positive judgments
neutral positive to our subreddit . positive to spam , we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral accounts . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator atros
neutral neutral hopes that neutral they hpositive ds negative with neutral intensifier we neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
ss ooming neutral rotations positive neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral negative neutral of hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral their skills and neutral negator neutral to neutral mana neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of positive runes
from tofuen , civo neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral dmg neutral and negator neutral . neutral , ds positive positive with the clunky playstyle , lc positive hpositive with crit neutral and from the rumors neutral kr they neutral planning to neutral neutral lc
the hnegative neutral answered . you neutral neutral neutral negative from the lc neutral itself . neutral neutral neutral positive from neutral friends neutral neutral for neutral intensifier positive from my runs neutral neutral playing the positive limits of what neutral neutral allowed optimizing mana neutral to the neutral of neutral neutral neutral having hnegative neutral neutral etc to neutral neutral neutral of neutral . positive neutral neutral crit neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive to positive neutral neutral what neutral neutral allowed with neutral intensifier diminisher neutral the hnegative neutral neutral you positive you positive neutral positive dps neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral . if you positive playing neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral the neutral you neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral than neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral everyth neutral cooldown with neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral if you positive diminisher hnegative . neutral neutral / neutral neutral positive neutral positive if you neutral neutral crit neutral neutral neutral compared to the positive hnegative neutral if you positive using fastfire neutral you positive intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral builds
neutral positive of them positive bots
sorc and neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral . intensifier would bards and dbs
bots . and of intensifier zerks positive neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive asmongold neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral ilvl hpositive than the neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral dps 's and neutral " neutral neutral hpositive dps hpositive " neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral .
my neutral downtime has negator changed neutral neutral , positive neutral seconds with neutral neutral neutral , intensifier you neutral negator positive neutral the downtime .
neutral lc positive positive uptime and you should neutral neutral using hnegative neutral neutral positive hpositive positive neutral meme and would neutral you to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive positive using neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral . the neutral feelings neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative skills .
neutral neutral you ? avengers neutral someth ? neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral your db neutral with neutral ilevel , gems , gears etc . neutral
ds positive neutral neutral hpositive to neutral than tons of hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive , intensifier neutral intensifier negator neutral hnegative neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral . lc positive hpositive intensifier braindead intensifier ds seems " hnegative " neutral negative . lc players neutral arent neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive . neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral hpositive hpositive playstyles for hpositive kinds of neutral . positive neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , negator hpositive for lc .
negator . those neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive negative than ss . neutral neutral the neutral trixion hpositive
nah , neutral negative neutral to neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive my neutral arcanist , for neutral . neutral hpositive ss positive negator neutral neutral that neutral , neutral someth neutral those lines woulda positive hpositive
neutral intensifier neutral ! they neutral the neutral neutral and everyth . intensifier neutral neutral sounds positive neutral multi-hit neutral they neutral neutral the neutral to neutral to hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral and feelings hnegative . neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral they hpositive bandaid neutral .
the hpositive positive if you neutral neutral lc you neutral hpositive playing neutral beastmaster neutral negative . neutral hpositive neutral of your negative positive from your negative which neutral attacks . neutral positive the neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
the hnegative hnegative positive neutral the neutral . for neutral , if you neutral neutral your neutral neutral when the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral the neutral negative of your positive . wherea , when neutral neutral multi-hit , neutral the neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral of the negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral has happened to neutral neutral hpositive where neutral neutral that neutral positive negative positive that negator neutral to neutral . from neutral gun/sniper/any neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral tf positive neutral neutral neutral multi neutral neutral ? neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive bullets neutral neutral ? becaus that positive called neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral of rifles . neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive positive for that positive to neutral hits . negator of gunslinger 's neutral skills neutral neutral hpositive per neutral . positive , with neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral " positive " numbers neutral neutral neutral neutral , youre neutral the neutral negative neutral for the aforementioned neutral neutral . neutral with neutral hits , you " neutral " someth positive stacked neutral neutral of eachother wherea neutral youll neutral **add : ** positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral / neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive positive , neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral arrows neutral the neutral neutral ? of neutral negator , that positive . how thi positive could neutral multi-hit and neutral neutral / neutral neutral positive positive that ss positive positive the neutral arrows neutral and the arrows neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral homing arrows that neutral the neutral .
what " info " neutral you positive positive neutral broski ? neutral neutral played neutral sinc neutral . lc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative .
tofuens neutral neutral has intensifier of hnegative things neutral neutral . neutral presents neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive hnegative than crit / neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral lol
what rumors neutral you negative neutral ? neutral neutral if that positive hpositive , intensifier neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral that . neutral positive neutral / crit positive intensifier negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral becaus neutral intensifier neutral the neutral playstyle and neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral positive to them neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral means neutral the neutral for diminisher neutral .
negator , neutral neutral zerker becaus they neutral hnegative of neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative to neutral intensifier of neutral . if neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral intensifier intensifier of them neutral they released neutral zerker neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral uptime neutral negator neutral changed for you neutral you neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral . intensifier neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral per neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive tripods . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive atk neutral neutral neutral hawkshot neutral of neutral hpositive .
the perma neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral wider neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and appreciated changes aswel
neutral to neutral with neutral negative gems and positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral for hnegative hpositive neutral hpositive the neutral you neutral with neutral intensifier restrictions for diminisher neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier punishing if you neutral neutral neutral ds dure your neutral where you negator intensifier neutral neutral positive diminisher of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral where they neutral positive positive neutral . neutral neutral negative ds neutral to neutral positive and neutral neutral if neutral neutral missed neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive ds neutral positive neutral becaus neutral diminisher bursts hpositive
intensifier what if neutral negator neutral neutral ? neutral your standards , neutral should negator neutral anybodi playing neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative , and neutral .
you neutral neutral negator positive what positive negative dps and neutral dps
ah neutral neutral and positive you positive *looking* for neutral apm neutral neutral . adren neutral neutral with dom+nightmare positive intensifier intensifier spammy . neutral negator neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the adhd hnegative
>it positive intensifier neutral and feelings hnegative . silvagunner neutral to ss neutral neutral tbh
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral cases of abilities positive thi , neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive positive neutral neutral . you could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral " of neutral , you neutral neutral negator neutral crit neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator , neutral presents neutral lc builds variations . neutral neutral positive negator that hnegative
neutral neutral positive that from the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . that smilegate positive neutral changing the neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative , neutral the positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral . neutral negator neutral thi positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral with neutral negative of neutral .
neutral neutral negator and negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the downtime that neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral with my neutral to hnegative vykas dure neutral neutral with ds neutral crit neutral . you neutral playing neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral from what you positive to neutral hpositive .
if you neutral negator wanna neutral neutral neutral neutral that offers crit positive neutral hpositive ( neutral , gs , wardancer )
neutral dragoniir neutral , neutral hpositive neutral ( intensifier positive ) positive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier if they neutral to neutral neutral the arti . if you negative to neutral neutral dps diminisher than neutral , arti benefits neutral intensifier from having neutral positive with neutral crit neutral negative neutral gunslinger , neutral , wardancer , etc .
depends neutral what you negative to neutral . if you negative to neutral neutral positive the to positive sups for arti neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral that neutral dmg neutral for the neutral wheelchair - ult - wheelchair combo . positive has neutral neutral larger dmg neutral neutral for neutral neutral of the wheelchair - ult - multistop combo . hnegative positive positive positive hpositive when neutral neutral to hnegative arti with shields and debuff negative . you negative to neutral positive to neutral neutral boss' neutral patterns when you neutral neutral your wheelchair , that positive neutral you neutral hpositive shields . when neutral neutral to synergies with hnegative dds , positive atk / mov neutral and crit synergie neutral the positive . wardancer has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you positive playing the neutral . neutral negator positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral wardancer
if your positive positive neutral neutral and you negative to neutral neutral dps , neutral neutral wardancer positive negative . neutral neutral intensifier crit neutral ( neutral , neutral debuff ) neutral neutral of hnegative hpositive negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's hnegative positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral ( my neutral artilleristis positive my slowest neutral ) . neutral neutral the meta neutral positive neutral / neutral neutral eso wardancer , neutral neutral neutral neutral builds neutral . if you negative to neutral neutral , positive positive positive positive . hpositive hpositive neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , positive intensifier anyth positive negative . neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative and the positive uptime of skills makes synergies neutral diminisher diminisher hpositive sinc you neutral negator neutral positive neutral windows .
neutral someth with crit neutral , positive wardancer neutral gunslinger .
from what neutral heared and positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral of the positive dua for artillerist especialy neutral artilerist . syncing buffs with neutral neutral dishees neutral positive numbers : negative neutral : neutral neutral neutral positive simmiler to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dmg diminisher positive neutral positive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral my neutral and what neutral neutral positive the neutral underrated neutral to positive with neutral neutral arti . that positive neutral positive . and that positive positive to their neutral neutral that increases neutral neutral and neutral neutral . intensifier when that positive lines neutral their neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral my neutral intensifier neutral hpositive and quicker with them . if neutral positive playing neutral and if you neutral negator positive playing neutral , neutral suggested neutral that neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral negative hnegative
neutral positive to neutral him neutral
if you wanna neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral intensifier neutral for the neutral negative months of neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if you neutral " hnegative " neutral positive if you wanna tryhard . negative diminisher neutral dps positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral , neutral neutral glaivier , neutral they neutral negator mega tryhard neutral , and neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral for neutral positive neutral - you neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral intensifier of positive neutral neutral the neutral , and these neutral hpositive positive to neutral alot hpositive . wardancer positive neutral diminisher hnegative unless you hnegative alot and neutral everyth neutral the neutral - neutral neutral neutral recommending her , neutral she requires you to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral to neutral hpositive dps including neutral intensifier of time-gated neutral .
leveled my artillerist with my neutral 's warddancer and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . hpositive , neutral neutral negative him .
neutral positive hnegative crit neutral . intensifier neutral uptime . wd neutral dps builds positive negator hpositive ( neutral hpositive than neutral ) uptime negative . if someth neutral neutral hnegative hpositive dps builds , negator diminisher zdps fi negative .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral crit neutral
fi wd neutral that neutral hpositive *and* gives neutral crit neutral neutral multistop
neutral has negator to neutral with hnegative neutral neutral . neutral positive you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral needed neutral sinc mobs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral kno fi has the negative uptime with their buffs . they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator
wardancer winds hnegative neutral gives neutral neutral . neutral gives intensifier negator neutral positive negator hpositive . neutral hpositive has intensifier uptime .
and your neutral positive ? becaus we neutral our negative dungeons and guardians intensifier neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral zdps multiquestion lol
neutral , you neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the bonuses neutral neutral 's hnegative , neutral neutral neutral the cooldown neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral fi wardancer neutral neutral cds neutral neutral neutral seconds neutral the buffs , intensifier neutral neutral the uptime positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive , neutral ofc . you leveled neutral becaus multistop neutral positive positive neutral , negator becaus your neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative .
neutral mentioned their uptime negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive .
okay , neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier - negator cares neutral fi wardancers . negator positive neutral neutral to fi when they positive " wd " , hpositive positive negator neutral refers to neutral when they negative neutral glaiviers . you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral db strikers if you hpositive hpositive neutral diminisher diminisher neutral strikers .
neutral neutral uptime neutral dps builds . if you negative to neutral zdps builds neutral with crit debuff uptime neutral positive neutral to you .
the neutral uptime that positive negator hpositive for wd positive and neutral . hs neutral uptime negative
neutral , neutral we neutral diminisher neutral that positive neutral recommending the maxroll neutral that died for neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . hpositive negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral fuckton of neutral neutral to hpositive neutral that positive hnegative
you positive and neutral diminisher the neutral dps ? the neutral hnegative positive neutral vs . intensifier positive negative neutral and using domfang neutral of hnegative
what neutral weirdo , neutral neutral negator neutral , intensifier builds became positive becaus of bracelets and neutral neutral points .
neutral positive neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher yikes .
positive thi what neutral neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral positive ?

negator neutral neutral diminisher of neutral gamers positive cpt.jack lustboy , portia lmao . diminisher neutral neutral
thi positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral into neutral 's negative and neutral intensifier negative asking " intensifier neutral you identified neutral positive the negative neutral the neutral ? "
thi neutral positive neutral neutral with the neutral stating that positive neutral the to sniffa to positive hints neutral aero positive neutral negative . jfc , streamers neutral the neutral positive you , negator your neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the mvp neutral wdym hnegative neutral dps , neutral neutral positive neutral from the neutral neutral to positive neutral hpositive .
hey nonbinary , positive neutral neutral . gona neutral thi neutral negative neutral banned negative ?
cleared hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral what the neutral ? sounds positive those neutral nba neutral statlines positive neutral neutral to neutral
yikes .
what the hnegative multistop thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
lol thi positive negator negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive hnegative . positive positive neutral neutral attempts . neutral , neutral you , neutral neutral positive , neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral reddit for negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier intensifier negative .
negator neutral the neutral of neutral has neutral clears positive positive neutral negative neutral . worlds neutral has the positive .
negative hnegative games
neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral dunno neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral ( neutral neutral : if negative neutral gives rewards hpositive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral the shit neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral “ neutral ” neutral neutral )
negator hnegative neutral you would neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral the neutral " sinc neutral kr has negative brel . negator positive the neutral of the neutral has neutral to neutral . positive should positive : " neutral neutral neutral kr "
the obsessing neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral the neutral hpositive positive intensifier
positive thi neutral ?
you hpositive the positive copypastas neutral neutral hpositive you
negative ngl
these neutral the neutral of neutral that neutral neutral leaders .
neutral positive the neutral positive neutral with thi neutral of dickriding and neutral neutral shows . neutral positive hnegative for him , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive op . neutral hpositive neutral and neutral gets hnegative neutral positive you ruining neutral neutral .
the neutral that cleared neutral negator neutral to positive hpositive multistop neutral neutral neutral and kr players neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral positive playing neutral neutral of the neutral that positive hpositive , and positive neutral neutral hpositive than our neutral . neutral neutral of the negative neutral , we neutral neutral hpositive excluded from that neutral of the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral teams neutral kr .
ah neutral hpositive simp , negative neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral should hpositive negative onlyfan afterall
neutral farted hpositive neutral neutral thi multistop
uh neutral would negator neutral sorc hnegative when neutral positive negative mvp vod of neutral positive neutral neutral sorc neutral neutral having negative and neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral the comments neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral for neutral thi neutral neutral neutral 's neutral negator positive that neutral positive neutral sinc neutral back-to-back-to-back neutral hpositive implies you could negator negative
\^ thi multistop neutral neutral neutral positive and positive subreddit for intensifier than neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral multistop
neutral negative recognized him when neutral positive the neutral . neutral the username positive hpositive . neutral positive intensifier neutral negator hpositive to neutral with neutral neutral .
your neutral has positive neutral becaus neutral violates our rules and guidelines neutral /r/lostarkgame . neutral for positive >behave yourself . for neutral neutral neutral positive , hpositive positive the sidebar neutral neutral the
how positive neutral the neutral neutral when neutral neutral mates exists .
neutral they neutral themself they negator neutral and negator positive neutral dmg . they neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral
neutral positive positive the sniffa neutral neutral positive neutral , thi neutral positive hpositive neutral of hnegative .
lol neutral neutral hpositive zeals negator neutral anyth neutral aeromanc positive that neutral neutral intensifier positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hpositive hpositive him for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral
neutral says hes neutral neutral positive ? could hpositive neutral neutral .
you hpositive what positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral ? neutral negative neutral positive neutral that when neutral complements neutral neutral you negative neutral to neutral negative neutral to neutral . neutral that positive diminisher neutral negative . the comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral intensifier neutral than ops neutral ngl .
negator they didn't ? they hpositive neutral neutral creators neutral their neutral neutral neutral
negative positive negative : neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral positive ?
neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral .
lol multistop
negator neutral positive positive , thi positive hpositive the hnegative neutral to positive neutral . neutral neutral cringed tf neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral shits neutral neutral neutral of the raiders neutral neutral 's neutral . and neutral neutral negator hpositive hpositive neutral thi neutral hnegative than they cleared hpositive , and neutral negator the neutral to neutral that neutral .
lol thi positive neutral of the hnegative neutral to " positive " neutral . you positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral of that if you neutral thi positive negative . thi neutral tells neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral you . negator to neutral you neutral negator hpositive shit neutral the neutral of thi neutral positive which neutral mentioned neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral of that . neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral that neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral neutral thi would neutral hpositive intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral . neutral the neutral you neutral positive neutral that neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral that complementing neutral hnegative positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral your neutral neutral negative neutral someth . neutral has negator to neutral with you , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative . intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral you hnegative that neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral with the neutral info neutral positive where you neutral neutral from .
neutral neutral negator the neutral you positive replied to neutral neutral rereading the neutral neutral , neutral sounds diminisher neutral when you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral recognized that the neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral becaus neutral positive banned from neutral neutral neutral neutral ( where neutral intensifier of neutral posts would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ) .
ah positive neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral positive to neutral them neutral , thi positive neutral neutral to neutral bots .
gotcha . my negative positive intensifier neutral positive diminisher neutral to neutral them . positive !
hpositive hnegative you neutral the hyper neutral ( neutral neutral hpositive neutral ) , , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral ( which positive neutral neutral honing buffs for neutral your alts )
you neutral brel negative neutral you neutral neutral into brel neutral iirc
negator you neutral neutral hm and nm and neutral your brel relics to neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to negative your neutral ? you neutral neutral positive negative and negative neutral negative ( neutral neutral ? ) neutral
negator you negator . you positive negator neutral neutral sets . you positive neutral that neutral to neutral positive negative neutral and positive neutral .
negator you negator neutral you neutral neutral the neutral : - brel hnegative - negative neutral neutral neutral - neutral brel negative neutral you neutral neutral to neutral - the neutral transfered brel negative neutral - the horns you hpositive positive neutral dismantling to positive the brel negative neutral ( if you negator neutral neutral you neutral neutral thi with neutral pieces )
neutral negator . neutral if you neutral negative hnegative neutral that has positive the neutral brel negative positive neutral ( neutral > items > " neutral neutral remnants " ) , you neutral neutral the transfer+decraft negative positive others neutral .
negator
nope . neutral positive how hnegative neutral neutral , you neutral hpositive neutral nm neutral neutral remaining pieces for neutral wep positive neutral neutral to hm .
neutral the neutral , you neutral to positive neutral brel nm neutral . you could neutral positive to positive neutral brel hm and nm negative that positive neutral you neutral for horns . neutral neutral neutral neutral hm positive nm and that positive neutral horns for neutral for neutral
if you neutral your neutral to hpositive neutral hm brel , the . negative hnegative your neutral with nm brel . neutral thi neutral , you positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral horns to your neutral . if you negative to , you could neutral to for neutral to and positive neutral neutral hm and nm and neutral negative horns . thi would neutral horns neutral neutral , which would neutral to intensifier horns positive neutral negative neutral neutral nm brel , neutral neutral to neutral neutral accessories and neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral negative negative to neutral the neutral and neutral positive to positive positive negative . they mentioned neutral neutral the notes thi neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier unless they positive neutral the neutral with negative neutral they positive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral could neutral hm neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral brel neutral to positive neutral neutral .

positive hm has neutral neutral positive neutral it'd neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral pieces and neutral the nm brel neutral to neutral neutral the neutral horns - could positive neutral neutral intensifier hm if positive neutral
you neutral neutral brel hm positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral brel nm neutral and positive neutral the brel nm neutral for horns .
negator , you neutral to neutral neutral brel neutral you neutral positive neutral . says neutral neutral notes
neutral the neutral positive negator neutral to neutral . intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral ?
per neutral you negator positive neutral until you neutral neutral neutral brel
neutral neutral horns , neutral if neutral positive and neutral neutral positive negator neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral hm neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral nm neutral
you neutral the neutral neutral your neutral , negator neutral the neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral positive . neutral could neutral neutral the neutral , which positive the hpositive neutral .
positive , neutral the hnegative hpositive the neutral positive their negative negative neutral , if they negator positive the neutral positive , they would neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . if neutral positive negative neutral , they should neutral negative .
neutral to the neutral ( unless neutral positive neutral hnegative ) you neutral the neutral for having brel pieces which neutral neutral neutral anyon neutral could neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral has the neutral , they should def neutral that neutral .
positive neutral neutral , your neutral represents intensifier diminisher of the neutral negative from co , neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive positive positive for ms , neutral neutral co neutral . kbw positive negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral of you neutral that .
ms positive negator hpositive for co neutral . positive gives you neutral crit to hpositive kbw neutral . the neutral of your neutral positive neutral negator hpositive . neutral positive hpositive if you negative neutral neutral negative to hpositive neutral of neutral , neutral you neutral using non-optimal skills hpositive to neutral neutral . reines negative positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral to hpositive neutral intensifier positive procs . jahia positive neutral negator the go-to neutral positive . ali neutral neutral akir neutral neutral neutral . although neutral positive neutral accounts for positive of your neutral negative , intensifier using the hnegative neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral . negative you positive to neutral negative neutral of the neutral , neutral positive neutral you neutral dmg neutral . with positive hallu co neutral levels of neutral , you should neutral neutral neutral for negative positive positive of neutral neutral positive . neutral if you neutral negator neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral ( if negative uptime ) . neutral 's neutral positive , negator neutral positive neutral to neutral negative uptime , and to neutral neutral neutral to that , you neutral hnegative neutral intensifier of negative . negator neutral hnegative what positive you neutral hnegative to neutral reines negative , sinc neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral positive neutral we neutral , which you neutral positive using ( neutral neutral , horses , neutral neutral hnegative ) . positive neutral for negative positive . positive neutral ms for neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral ( positive positive reines negative for neutral neutral positive you neutral negative . neutral , neutral neutral , pets , and neutral neutral neutral neutral required to hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral of these for reines negative ( neutral positive that adds neutral dps ) positive neutral neutral dps negative for the neutral . of those skills hpositive neutral neutral of your negative pets + neutral ) . the neutral / neutral neutral combo ( with neutral / neutral ) gives you neutral mana to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral adds neutral to your dps . negator of these should neutral dropped . neutral positive neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral which thi info neutral neutral neutral :
neutral positive neutral . you neutral ms for the cheaper ancients neutral + neutral ancients negative . neutral your crit positive negative neutral for neutral kbw neutral atm intensifier neutral positive positive negator the neutral . neutral with the meta engravings positive should negator neutral positive that hnegative sinc for neutral negative neutral positive your you should neutral crit neutral and positive crit pieces for the neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral ms intensifier the neutral neutral buffs and neutral diminisher . negative dmg for co neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral positive the akir . intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive .
positive thi positive that you neutral neutral neutral what positive your neutral engravings neutral ? my neutral neutral positive ( hpositive summ ) gives neutral diminisher intensifier neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral your neutral adren positive intensifier hpositive if you neutral neutral kbw , negative hnegative neutral neutral diminisher diminisher of neutral dmg negative ? neutral crit for kbw to neutral dmg neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral crit neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator uptime . hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of the neutral depends what your hnegative engravings neutral .
the neutral neutral explains neutral hpositive . neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral holidays . neutral neutral him the neutral
you positive hpositive neutral for adren to if neutral positive to neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for negative dungeons intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . intensifier speeds neutral neutral .
akir positive positive of your negative neutral co boosts that neutral neutral to which positive negator neutral crit and negative neutral the neutral
positive neutral hpositive when using hpositive ? neutral neutral alimarge / akir ?
neutral neutral negator ms neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral negative negator atk pwr and the crit positive the same… hpositive neutral positive neutral wherea positive neutral to neutral maintained .
neutral should've neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive edited . lmk your thoughts .

neutral neutral sinc neutral multi hits unless you neutral hpositive neutral
neutral buffs spirits neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral online to neutral . neutral for hnegative negator the neutral . and co positive neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive which makes neutral neutral of your negative neutral neutral co neutral . neutral positive positive neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral you theorycrafted your neutral neutral
ima positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral until they neutral positive bots neutral intensifier they neutral hpositive neutral the neutral .
neutral negator positive the negative , having neutral positive negator neutral the gameplay neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive the ideia of having someth neutral the neutral “ we ” negator neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral we should neutral neutral intensifier those neutral could neutral neutral neutral negator . “ how negative you having positive ” neutral neutral happened with yoz 's neutral . ps : hpositive my
neutral farms positive neutral intensifier hpositive if the positive neutral neutral into our neutral .
neutral negative neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral lmao
neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral makes neutral into the neutral . neutral funding the servers with positive dps neutral versu the intensifier neutral neutral . neutral , makes neutral intensifier hnegative whales neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive from neutral raids .
neutral would neutral pr negative if neutral neutral that costs neutral neutral neutral into our neutral
you neutral rmt weapons ? nah we neutral negator neutral those .
negative negator
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations for ags that they neutral to neutral neutral weapons into our neutral of the neutral . it‘s the neutral neutral neutral has to neutral and it‘s negator neutral neutral comparing neutral to someth neutral neutral terms of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations negator . thi neutral neutral neutral features neutral neutral positive we neutral negator neutral negative neutral of neutral . the whales positive neutral los and neutral lvl gems to neutral their epeen we neutral negator neutral someth that positive diminisher intensifier unoptainable for anyon negator buying neutral from bots . neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive defending neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive intensifier shit neutral .
neutral positive neutral that neutral which positive negative neutral neutral the neutral to neutral for neutral

neutral has negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral weapons . neutral positive positive neutral positive intensifier hnegative we positive neutral anyth neutral neutral for diminisher neutral , intensifier sinc they discussed hpositive skins neutral neutral neutral and neutral they neutral they positive to neutral / to rng for neutral . if they neutral hpositive skins neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral weapons .
if they neutral hpositive skins neutral negative neutral to positive , neutral negator hnegative them implementing neutral weapons , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral they neutral neutral korea .
neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral of the neutral that positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral intensifier neutral with swiping . neutral you neutral negator positive that neutral positive neutral players : oreha prices positive neutral neutral becaus neutral positive resources positive neutral neutral positive negative . if you positive to neutral that negator hnegative neutral if you negative neutral skills , you neutral fucked . neutral positive neutral negative neutral to positive neutral to ( you neutral that for neutral ) intensifier honing weapons positive neutral intensifier pricy negative . intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative stones and neutral positive their neutral with neutral neutral neutral intensifier to neutral for resources with whales . negator lifers positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral intensifier hnegative players positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral for diminisher neutral for hnegative
neutral positive hpositive intensifier and neutral of the intensifier hnegative elements . the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral the whales positive to neutral their neutral .
neutral , neutral seems to neutral that if someth positive neutral the neutral they positive neutral to neutral neutral , intensifier if neutral positive neutral the neutral they positive neutral to neutral neutral . of those neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral they neutral neutral someth that positive negator neutral them , hpositive from diminisher neutral positive jackpot positive neutral to negative . neutral the whales neutral positive if they negative . yoz neutral positive neutral hpositive , becaus neutral positive neutral neutral to intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ( neutral , playing with ah , intensifier of hpositive hpositive drops multistop ) could neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral , they would neutral talked neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral suprise negator neutral .
fuck that . neutral positive neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral positive . atleast lvl neutral positive positive for neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral positive negator . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral implementing these features diminisher neutral diminisher . ags has neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher of the hnegative kr features . we should neutral neutral them neutral intensifier .
the neutral hnegative positive that everybodi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral shit neutral neutral requires neutral of neutral . that the hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hardcore neutral positive negator neutral thi . neutral takes negative neutral neutral and neutral intensifier they positive neutral demotivated realllly neutral neutral they neutral what requires for neutral . neutral neutral : you neutral neutral for ( neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral , the neutral neutral ) which neutral neutral korea ( neutral ) for neutral . lets positive we positive neutral neutral positive for for the whales . that requires neutral neutral hpositive for thi neutral of neutral . neutral korea when neutral neutral neutral , thi neutral costed neutral neutral . hpositive . neutral . neutral .
how neutral bots gona neutral hnegative ?
bdo has negator issues with that neutral . and neutral neutral neutral could positive neutral > usd
hpositive positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative positive neutral our neutral ?
intensifier neutral neutral with neutral lvl gems , los and maxed qualities neutral neutral your dmg positive and you neutral negator neutral neutral with him neutral . positive with neutral neutral neutral your dmg neutral and you neutral positive negator neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral . what the hnegative ? the tradeoff positive you having neutral hpositive to neutral neutral from negative neutral positive neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral soo neutral neutral others neutral neutral neutral pve neutral ? lol . neutral would neutral players intensifier neutral of neutral neutral negator ? neutral cares if neutral neutral has neutral wep and shots neutral neutral neutral neutral pve neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral leaderboard neutral neutral smth neutral for negative neutral and stuffs
neutral positive the positive what neutral you neutral
neutral positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive neutral cuz negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative their neutral neutral , they hpositive positive neutral ohh / / ~ neutral neutral neutral neutral ah omg hnegative , , bruh could hpositive to neutral sets diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher of neutral skins positive cheaper neutral ru neutral than hnegative skins neutral ppl hpositive cryyyyy

the giga neutral positive gonna neutral intensifier negative than you neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) , with neutral negator neutral weapons . neutral with neutral weapons the hnegative whales could neutral neutral neutral hnegative of the whales , which means neutral neutral positive / positive neutral . youd neutral to neutral intensifier negative to neutral against neutral tbh .
bracelets positive neutral . they neutral positive neutral neutral than neutral wep neutral neutral neutral .
>technically neutral neutral neutral hnegative ( neutral , playing with ah , intensifier of hpositive hpositive drops multistop ) could neutral neutral . neutral you positive how neutral neutral positive needed for neutral ? everyon neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck if we neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi shit positive intensifier hnegative .
neutral hpositive diminisher neutral tryhard players neutral ru that neutral everyth neutral neutral characters neutral neutral for neutral knows how neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and that positive with busses neutral hpositive prices for neutral neutral ( brel neutral neutral for diminisher neutral into brel hnegative positive , when neutral neutral neutral negative neutral diminisher neutral neutral . of neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative opportunities with neutral neutral flipping becaus of bots , neutral neutral if you neutral everyth you positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral required to hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral for ( hpositive ballpark , neutral neutral negative esthers to neutral neutral neutral ) .
yoz 's neutral positive negator hpositive neutral positive neutral the neutral transmog neutral . becaus neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , we neutral neutral neutral negative neutral skins and transmog . and positive , neutral neutral wanna positive to multistop
you positive neutral positive negative npc that allows you to neutral untrad ones neutral to neutral for neutral ?
the neutral for the hnegative neutral of neutral to hpositive neutral the neutral
neutral positive negator hpositive neutral essences . neutral neutral sh items that you neutral positive neutral neutral that you neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral and hnegative neutral positive items neutral neutral to positive .
neutral would neutral hpositive
the neutral doesn‘t positive hpositive features . everyth we neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive for neutral neutral , neutral neutral and diminisher rng of neutral . neutral weapons positive negator neutral positive for of the playerbase . and the that positive positive neutral the neutral weapons positive neutral the neutral farms for negative neutral .
yup neutral for neutral would hpositive neutral neutral released intensifier we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral intensifier positive to neutral positive positive neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral everyth positive neutral neutral and achieving your neutral goals , lvl gems , los neutral neutral neutral seperate goals you neutral positive neutral toward negative and neutral intensifier of players positive achieved them . neutral if you intensifier negative negative neutral neutral neutral your neutral and don‘t neutral the positive neutral for neutral , it‘s hnegative . the hnegative with that jackpot positive neutral our neutral positive positive it‘s with neutral neutral botted neutral , neutral kr neutral neutral you hpositive neutral swiped for that neutral and neutral the neutral neutral prices positive for the neutral neutral .
becaus theyr negative , they neutral neutral what neutral neutral versu neutral neutral what they neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral brel hm releases , neutral would hpositive positive juicers with neutral and neutral gems to neutral neutral their neutral . those neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive to neutral neutral of players for neutral intensifier neutral neutral . positive neutral sidereal neutral which positive neutral diminisher stronger than neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral allows the neutral neutral to neutral neutral hundreds of thousands of neutral from neutral hpositive positive .
neutral positive what neutral positive . everyon wants neutral neutral neutral , which means neutral hpositive neutral crafting . hnegative of negative neutral positive neutral the hnegative of neutral neutral
neutral neutral , hnegative neutral . positive negative neutral neutral skins and cards , positive neutral to hnegative my neutral to chars neutral intensifier hpositive stfu if your neutral neutral positive negative negative . neutral positive positive negative of systems that neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral that neutral negator hnegative players . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral ret*** hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral typing
nah , you positive neutral to neutral intensifier negative to negative to neutral the positive neutral neutral players and whales neutral intensifier hpositive for the neutral hpositive neutral neutral tickets . neutral the neutral neutral you positive neutral jacking neutral the costs of neutral materials for everyon .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , and someth negative hpositive to neutral multistop intensifier neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral their neutral .
positive that positive neutral neutral positive the neutral 'technically' neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral billions of neutral , neutral intensifier that positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral your " everyon "
and neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral our neutral becaus neutral would neutral with neutral laws multistop ( neutral hnegative countries positive nl / neutral for neutral )
honing neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . fuck neutral .
the neutral neutral positive positive neutral transmog lol . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator if you hpositive the defaut neutral and neutral neutral hpositive for the neutral stat yoz neutral neutral the neutral neutral including the hpositive skins with neutral stat . the neutral transmog neutral neutral with yoz positive neutral usefull if you neutral skins with hpositive stat positive hpositive .
positive you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral brel hnegative neutral and you neutral neutral neutral hpositive for neutral these neutral from kakul brel hnegative and from the positive neutral neutral kayangel . you neutral neutral that . you neutral positive for ( which positive the neutral negative ) neutral negator hpositive how neutral neutral positive you neutral from brel hnegative neutral lets positive , that you neutral hpositive positive / / neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral to with neutral neutral for neutral . you neutral negative becaus positive neutral ilvl and positive intensifier you neutral neutral to neutral to ( hpositive the hnegative neutral which positive neutral intensifier hpositive negative becaus negator likes to neutral neutral skills neutral thi neutral neutral the bots ) intensifier if you neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral positive you neutral hnegative and you negator hpositive what neutral you negative neutral . thi neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral for the whales , to negative neutral . if you neutral neutral negative gems , negative tripods , los neutral positive and you negator hpositive what to neutral with your neutral , positive neutral for neutral . negative thi neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive skins and neutral . neutral neutral neutral the idiots neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
aren‘t the neutral negative ones you neutral neutral from hnegative ?
what if you neutral negative negative neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral your neutral hnegative if neutral positive positive positive neutral negator ? to neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral which the neutral of players positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to . the rates neutral + neutral negative neutral positive and neutral positive positive hnegative to neutral for neutral should they hpositive negator hpositive neutral negative negative becaus players that neutral hnegative positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral they neutral ?
becaus intensifier negative matters when that neutral positive runs neutral lvl with neutral their alts vs your neutral lvl hpositive alts that neutral diminisher negative . the hnegative neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral hnegative , if you positive diminisher hnegative neutral positive neutral hnegative looks positive negative positive .
neutral negative we shoudld neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral positive
how 's neutral neutral hpositive from neutral weapons which of the playerbase positive negator neutral
unless they neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral carries neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of their lives , they neutral negator neutral neutral weapons . you neutral " neutral " neutral positive described neutral neutral that negator neutral positive negator neutral , neutral positive intensifier hnegative unless they neutral years to neutral . to neutral negative positive to neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive positive of neutral **hundreds of thousands of dollars** neutral neutral neutral neutral playing thi neutral neutral neutral negative years .
neutral , " neutral " you positive negator neutral positive to neutral billions of neutral negator hnegative swiping .
/ rolleyes and neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral positive that neutral could neutral changed to negator neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
you positive neutral positive neutral neutral if you negative to neutral neutral negator neutral ? those costumes neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral ? lol . hpositive becaus you neutral the neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive . negative , stones neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral you and positive the " neutral neutral " neutral pisses you hnegative . that positive hpositive hpositive . they could neutral modified yoz 's neutral to neutral diminisher " neutral your neutral " and neutral neutral negative diminisher neutral hnegative neutral .
yoz 's neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral into neutral which neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier jars neutral *craft skins that neutral positive neutral neutral sets* ( and others , positive the neutral neutral from rowen intensifier you neutral neutral intensifier than neutral ) , and the neutral positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral transmog . they could neutral positive that neutral negator neutral skins , neutral they neutral neutral negator neutral to , intensifier neutral intensifier of neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral .
negator . neutral that negative positive neutral neutral neutral multistop allowing the neutral to neutral that neutral positive neutral of yoz 's neutral . we neutral neutral to the neutral ilvl positive and neutral positive they neutral to neutral neutral . yoz 's neutral opens that neutral diminisher neutral diminisher .
my neutral stands that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive your negative calculations lol . neutral , months for negative endgame neutral seems intensifier neutral .
neutral drops from neutral neutral gates for bosses including and neutral hnegative intensifier hnegative brel elgacia neutral neutral neutral neutral , akkan etc and neutral that voldaik neutral negative although neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral neutral
negator , neutral of neutral neutral hpositive makes the neutral hnegative for anybodi neutral neutral negator neutral . positive neutral to neutral diminisher neutral negator neutral negative hnegative neutral . neutral hpositive requires diminisher negative of neutral neutral .
negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
we neutral seens tons of screenshot from neutral neutral stocked hnegative neutral neutral of fishes becaus they positive when neutral neutral neutral negator , and neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier than neutral per neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral for neutral tryhard ( negator everyon , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral + overtryhard , intensifier ofc neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ) to neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral you negative neutral neutral neutral ? hnegative that neutral investing neutral neutral neutral flipping neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative
neutral , neutral hpositive players with neutral neutral ru , neutral they neutral to positive them neutral the neutral neutral , neutral becaus neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that adds intensifier neutral to the neutral neutral positive . you neutral negative neutral , theyll neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral negative neutral , theyll neutral neutral neutral . neutral they could neutral changed the systems . they neutral neutral hpositive neutral the skins negative . neutral neutral them
neutral diminisher neutral negator negative that cuz neutral neutral the neutral neutral pieces neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral if you hpositive everyth . ( neutral neutral neutral the positive positive neutral ( and neutral neutral hpositive ) , negator negative neutral hnegative materials and crafting neutral intensifier neutral intensifier than neutral ) neutral positive negator neutral becaus thi positive neutral negative endgame neutral from and negator neutral intensifier you neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral when you positive positive neutral neutral , others positive positive neutral the akkan neutral which positive stronger than your and neutral negator neutral that neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral cheaper and neutral than your neutral neutral . of neutral neutral your neutral . neutral negator intensifier neutral how you neutral neutral and what positive you neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral if neutral positive positive becaus whales and rmt players positive neutral everyth for neutral .
you positive that thi negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral ? if you negative to hpositive the neutral hnegative ( complaining neutral neutral neutral pve neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive mmos neutral they would neutral to intensifier neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier . neutral neutral neutral . intensifier you neutral neutral positive complaining neutral someth that has neutral neutral neutral you and reduces your chances of neutral neutral . neutral neutral . you could hpositive neutral the whales neutral and positive the positive neutral neutral .
negator gets neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive intensifier hnegative neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negative if neutral positive neutral the neutral if neutral positive for whales . you neutral typing neutral these words positive neutral you neutral negator neutral positive neutral .
negator , thi would neutral the positive neutral neutral players and whales neutral neutral the prices of neutral positive neutral consumables , negative neutral neutral materials . neutral for negative intensifier neutral hpositive of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . thi positive negator neutral positive for non-whales , neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral directions . neutral that positive exists would neutral diminisher neutral . neutral you hpositive what doesn't ? negator adding intensifier of neutral .
" cashing neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral to the positive neutral that positive neutral neutral stones neutral drops . they neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kr . the neutral neutral positive hpositive multistop neutral neutral = negative hpositive to neutral , neutral stones = neutral neutral multistop
positive negative : neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral with their neutral neutral neutral pve neutral ? neutral you neutral negative hnegative when neutral neutral runs neutral with neutral lvl gems and neutral neutral ? how neutral thi neutral you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral ? and hpositive prices for neutral positive neutral neutral means neutral neutral intensifier from neutral positive neutral multistop positive multistop and the neutral neutral hpositive positive negator neutral neutral neutral you hnegative hnegative , intensifier when neutral clowns neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral stones than neutral neutral negative neutral bars .
neutral of the reasons neutral neutral neutral pve games positive becaus neutral warps the gameplay neutral the and makes positive diminisher hpositive . if you neutral hnegative , hpositive neutral the positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral that positive neutral challenging and positive . everyth neutral to neutral buyabl with neutral intensifier that whales negator positive hnegative . negative modes negator hpositive neutral neutral - hpositive cosmetics . negative neutral positive completionism . neutral non-whale neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral - neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral which positive positive to positive negative negator neutral thousands of dollars into the neutral . hpositive stones and positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of that . neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral supported neutral neutral neutral , the developers neutral neutral to neutral neutral resources for the neutral , neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral from neutral players to neutral players . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher the neutral . neutral crystals and pheons neutral hpositive thi . whenev you positive pheons , you neutral hpositive negative the neutral you neutral neutral crystals from thousands of neutral that you earned . neutral neutral negator neutral these neutral " neutral " . neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral that makes games hnegative .
neutral skins neutral korea
the neutral positive neutral positive hpositive that neutral hpositive that negator having neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
supports neutral neutral , neutral gives atk neutral , ms and atk neutral iirc ? ( positive neutral if neutral neutral hnegative ) . they neutral negator neutral neutral - neutral gives cdr and neutral dmg neutral upon neutral . if you neutral to positive intensifier positive you neutral neutral - the neutral which positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral supports . neutral to the neutral neutral if you neutral intensifier hpositive neutral your builds
intensifier neutral your neutral positive positive hpositive . neutral positive neutral , intensifier cd neutral your neutral , negative hnegative neutral , and hpositive neutral cooldown neutral to hpositive your utime neutral neutral / negative . the neutral positive that neutral negator neutral your uptime positive positive diminisher neutral becaus of neutral and gems ( neutral negator positive neutral your lvl ) , and neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative , neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to your neutral neutral from neutral . you positive neutral negative negative that neutral negative which negative with your buffs , and neutral neutral everybodi moovespeed and neutral neutral . the moove neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral , and diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral playing negative positive to neutral that neutral moovement to negative . the neutral neutral neutral hpositive everybodi neutral neutral hpositive . neutral you neutral neutral to neutral with neutral neutral , you intensifier positive neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( which positive neutral the neutral you neutral trashed ) . neutral and neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral to hpositive your neutral neutral if that neutral negator positive neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator negative , intensifier if for neutral neutral you neutral with to neutral , of you could neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral to supports neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that negative neutral positive negator that hpositive , with the positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive you should neutral your wings neutral diminisher weeks and neutral positive to neutral to hnegative . hnegative those trashing neutral , you looks positive neutral hnegative mokoko neutral negative to neutral from neutral hnegative neutral
neutral positive negative neutral you neutral positive neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive would neutral neutral called neutral ( neutral positive positive neutral ) . sinc neutral could negator positive diminisher neutral pieces neutral neutral for neutral until neutral could .
neutral positive hpositive for neutral you negator neutral neutral unless you positive dps neutral
neutral , argos neutral neutral minutes neutral of becaus of you , you neutral .
neutral what you negative . neutral neutral to positive neutral negative . neutral neutral negative negative to positive the dmg positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative
neutral positive hpositive if you neutral negative dungeons and negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral positive neutral negative negative . you neutral negative / / neutral neutral and neutral negative to neutral your neutral members with uptime . neutral you neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier your heals and dmg buffs neutral increased uptime . neutral neutral neutral positive wardancer eso with lazenith / / sorc neutral / / negative zerker and others that neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral that provides them neutral neutral to neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral those neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier of neutral negative . neutral of the neutral that neutral negative positive neutral neutral ln negative neutral intensifier they neutral neutral the negative neutral positive to neutral negative neutral negative negative neutral
the neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive if you positive neutral weeks negative valtan neutral vykas and you neutral intensifier negative armors than neutral pieces you neutral positive , positive valtan armors neutral neutral to vykas pieces sinc neutral positive neutral pc vykas wings neutral positive . intensifier diminisher neutral pieces would neutral neutral " neutral " neutral to neutral replaced with neutral .
neutral positive the neutral positive you positive negative to neutral neutral negative neutral where you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral hnegative neutral if you neutral negator you neutral hpositive neutral your neutral negative .
neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral guides for your neutral . if you neutral negator hpositive to neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral your stat positive , engravings , skills and tripods . neutral has neutral skills and to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier surprised neutral neutral 'another' sinc neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral dom . lol
the neutral negative that lasts neutral neutral that you neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral positive brel that neutral , negative neutral neutral positive negator intensifier neutral changing . wherea neutral positive hpositive of your hpositive neutral neutral neutral if you neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive neutral of your neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral them . my positive plays neutral neutral hpositive becaus neutral plays neutral neutral neutral neutral dps . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral afterall intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator positive .
neutral neutral , hnegative neutral into neutral neutral positive . positive
neutral you thi positive intensifier positive ! neutral hpositive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and my neutral positive my negative neutral lvl neutral . neutral neutral neutral alot neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral of neutral with neutral intensifier hours than neutral intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral ruining the neutral for hnegative neutral hpositive cuz neutral positive things neutral neutral negator hpositive ( and diminisher of neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral would neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral ) . to neutral positive neutral neutral positive bussing raids neutral neutral hpositive cuz neutral neutral scared to neutral and negative . neutral neutral videos , neutral positive guides neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral neutral negative lobbies intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of negative . positive for the hpositive , neutral positive neutral to positive t.t
hahaha neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral neutral positive diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive negator neutral .
neutral uptime neutral neutral of negative neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive than diminisher hpositive uptime neutral positive buffs , neutral if the neutral positive weaker . neutral hnegative neutral negative negative if you neutral negator gems and neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral vibe , neutral neutral for neutral positive ( im negator hnegative becaus neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral for negative neutral neutral positive thi ) , neutral neutral well-geared positive hpositive neutral negator neutral that neutral sinc their neutral neutral uptime should positive neutral positive .
ign amd neutral intensifier we neutral neutral you . negator positive neutral neutral neutral trolls neutral brel hnegative .
ye that positive hpositive my neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral vykas neutral and that neutral positive , intensifier neutral positive neutral negative neutral pieces hpositive cuz neutral wanted neutral negative positive positive . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to hpositive anyth neutral intensifier neutral haha . neutral hpositive hpositive the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral to shit neutral neutral neutral negative argos neutral neutral . neutral could negator hpositive anyth neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral vykas positive neutral and neutral neutral hpositive negative argos neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral and looked neutral my neutral neutral negative argos neutral hpositive to neutral neutral that . and negator neutral positive neutral should neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral . idk neutral hpositive wanted neutral positive positive and neutral the neutral neutral positive from valtan . neutral neutral neutral neutral vykas neutral ( and that neutral positive ) intensifier neutral neutral neutral pieces neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral thi neutral neutral aha .
idk , im hpositive figuring things neutral aha
ye neutral neutral heard neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral ( negator neutral ) . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral and neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral could positive
neutral that neutral you neutral neutral hnegative bones ( valtan ) and wings ( vykas ) you neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral negative sets whenev you negative . neutral neutral negator neutral them , you hpositive neutral to neutral obtained of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive hpositive cuz neutral positive negator neutral vykas positive intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral . that the neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive neutral for neutral . neutral neutral neutral
if you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral heroes negative . neutral positive neutral negative that focuses neutral neutral positive players raids . neutral positive naelootheroes . should negator neutral to positive neutral neutral them neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive positive and neutral to hpositive you becaus neutral pugs ( players neutral neutral lobbies ) neutral negative neutral these raids neutral hpositive positive " neutral " to them and they hpositive wanna neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral with neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative sinc neutral unwelcoming to newer players positive neutral hnegative the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative ( should neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the reddit ) and neutral the channels for your neutral neutral neutral neutral checking neutral the guides ( neutral neutral pins neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral ) . if you neutral neutral and positive that you neutral positive they positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral hpositive negator neutral that neutral positive neutral positive neutral their neutral and positive negator neutral with the neutral 's aspects and intensifier they neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative and hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral your lobbies neutral the neutral !
neutral positive hpositive negative hnegative neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . they could neutral asked you neutral neutral and neutral you hpositive negator neutral .
your positive neutral hpositive . hnegative , neutral positive intensifier overpowered and intensifier neutral
nae-milande . neutral what positive neutral ign intensifier neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral with your hnegative neutral
neutral positive neutral what you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral valtan neutral released neutral the neutral neutral neutral we positive vykas , supports would neutral to neutral dom becaus neutral positive the neutral positive neutral when neutral neutral positive negator positive positive . intensifier neutral negator positive hnegative neutral your positive . of neutral these neutral you positive neutral and neutral for endgame negative neutral negator bothering to positive neutral the neutral , positive neutral neutral negator positive valtan / vykas hpositive dps positive ( hnegative negative ) neutral neutral hpositive argos positive anymore .
positive , neutral positive the neutral positive positive . intensifier neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral and positive your remaining pieces neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral negative .
neutral neutral the heads neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral refused lobbies if neutral negator neutral the positive ? should neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pieces and negator the neutral positive , neutral neutral the valtan neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive my negative neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral rlly positive neutral you for negator negative neutral neutral idk how im neutral to hpositive negator neutral
>thanks , neutral positive def neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral valtan and vykas cuz neutral seems positive neutral intensifier of positive positive neutral the raids , neutral if neutral positive hnegative . neutral to neutral that diminisher neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral toward newer neutral returning players .
thi . neutral positive positive stunting neutral hnegative . neutral neutral from hnegative mmos that neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negative for thi neutral of neutral toward neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive hpositive and positive neutral to neutral . neutral my hnegative mmo , if neutral neutral that neutral of neutral to neutral positive neutral , they would neutral neutral themselv negator neutral neutral secs neutral neutral diminisher neutral warnings . if neutral hpositive neutral submitted screenshots of neutral neutral neutral griefing neutral ruining the neutral of hnegative players ? that positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier weeks of neutral , neutral neutral the hnegative . neutral to neutral permaban . players neutral negator neutral hpositive toward others neutral negator needed neutral the neutral . if loa treated negative the neutral neutral neutral treats bots , thi neutral hnegative neutral neutral healthier neutral . neutral knows ? neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral . negator neutral to neutral means anyon neutral neutral . thi includes neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive iq , neutral self-esteem , neutral neutral positive neutral skills , and negator of self-awareness . neutral that to the hnegative and neutral hw checklist neutral that positive thi mmo , and you neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral into . ags positive committed to neutral bots , which positive neutral and hpositive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral them positive neutral neutral neutral psa to the neutral to neutral neutral hnegative with neutral . hnegative they neutral negator neutral unless neutral impacts how neutral neutral ends neutral neutral their pockets .
thi positive neutral to neutral downvoted neutral that positive intensifier neutral what neutral loa from hnegative mmo communities . hnegative . if you neutral to r/ffxiv 's neutral , neutral for posts neutral positive players , and positive the comments neutral those threads , you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the playerbase toward players neutral neutral negator hpositive everyth positive .
neutral . neutral neutral remembered that the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive cuz neutral neutral negator neutral vykas positive neutral neutral positive , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for anyth neutral . neutral positive neutral pieces neutral , neutral hpositive shit neutral you neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than themselv . neutral neutral that neutral could neutral positive if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral argos neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral the heads neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral
nahh neutral neutral with the hnegative neutral neutral . my ign positive euc-domonsuppistroll neutral ) neutral you , neutral neutral of playing positive you negator hpositive perma neutral positive neutral and neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral ) ) ( ) ( ) ) ) ) ) ) )
you positive negator neutral refused sinc negator positive checks neutral and expects the neutral to neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral suprised and positive that neutral positive negator neutral . neutral players neutral and neutral neutral neutral having neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the positive positive . neutral when neutral neutral neutral with friends negator neutral negative we neutral semi-jokingly positive that the weakest dps should neutral neutral .
positive to neutral you ! you positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral , having neutral negative neutral neutral neutral sales . neutral intensifier drives neutral players neutral would neutral negative neutral . that positive neutral sales positive the neutral for them .
for what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral to positive " that 's what neutral ffxiv from hnegative mmo communities " becaus ff positive the neutral mmo neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral misplays and negative builds .
positive you neutral neutral to + dom you neutral neutral to pieces of neutral from valtan pieces neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of your claiming you positive neutral neutral which you neutral neutral negator neutral vykas . neutral buffs neutral negator positive until neutral if you neutral neutral neutral dom and neutral positive neutral positive anybodi would neutral positive neutral you neutral your neutral . if you positive neutral your neutral should neutral positive to neutral + diminisher dom and you neutral " hnegative neutral negator hpositive until neutral positive vykas " should neutral intensifier neutral neutral the convo .
ppl positive neutral neutral negative hnegative if you neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive when they neutral negator negative neutral buffs and their attacks neutral slower .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral nae , neutral neutral euc sadge
you neutral neutral neutral that . neutral neutral that they neutral neutral to the neutral sales becaus they neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral profits neutral neutral neutral investments . neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how loas neutral positive negator neutral neutral of positive players . neutral to hpositive neutral . neutral :
you neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral def heard neutral things neutral ffxiv 's neutral . neutral neutral loa , neutral played negative mmo ( i'd diminisher negator neutral neutral becaus neutral hpositive what neutral of hnegative ppl positive neutral thi subreddit and neutral positive diminisher neutral the negative and negative neutral neutral and negator neutral into my hnegative mmos neutral ) . that hnegative mmo has neutral intensifier hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral , granted , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the endgame neutral and hnegative neutral . endgame neutral ppl positive neutral neutral positive neutral negator becaus minmaxing positive required to positive hnegative negative mechs , neutral the hnegative neutral would positive and positive neutral neutral to neutral their neutral neutral . neutral for that neutral that neutral neutral mmo , negator neutral ffxiv .
neutral hpositive negator hpositive and negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral dom , that neutral neutral
neutral they positive neutral , neutral that positive neutral neutral positive into neutral neutral and the negative neutral . neutral that neutral neutral groups positive hpositive neutral with neutral if the negative positive neutral neutral hpositive to hnegative diminisher neutral neutral quiting and neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral you gatekept , neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral mmos neutral you neutral neutral midtier raids ( and would neutral hnegative neutral negative ilvl imo ) and you positive neutral negative neutral fuck neutral the neutral neutral neutral to you neutral the neutral you neutral neutral neutral with neutral the neutral neutral neutral and negator the casuals neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral everyon afks to neutral neutral . neutral you neutral the raiding neutral neutral neutral the entry-mid raids my neutral neutral positive that the neutral hpositive neutral hnegative multistop and thi neutral positive positive diminisher raiding which positive neutral diminisher neutral positive positive neutral positive intensifier negative .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to shit neutral you for negator negative neutral having neutral negative and negator neutral hpositive means you positive 'choosing negator to neutral yearning' whether that neutral becaus you planned to neutral dps neutral neutral becaus you neutral neutral newbie neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier than hpositive negator neutral *able* to neutral neutral bc negator vykas . you positive neutral your neutral negative intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral looks until you neutral neutral neutral pc .
haha hpositive , neutral positive neutral vykas hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral when supports positive insta-accepted negator questioning , thi neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral / negative combo which neutral positive positive neutral positive diminisher neutral negative neutral neutral and positive they positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral positive them neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral their neutral neutral , everybodi neutral positive discovering thi neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral and positive than neutral . neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative positive supports and accepting when they neutral neutral their negative builds .
sinc you negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi hpositive and the neutral neutral + punika neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral to rerol neutral negative euc neutral and neutral to characters diminisher negative to euw neutral positive neutral . neutral and to negative neutral and negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral euc , sinc of the neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
if you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral . you positive neutral neutral to and you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral hpositive than intensifier neutral , neutral would negative you to neutral euc . euw positive neutral
euw positive negator neutral , and neutral positive neutral . positive neutral would hpositive neutral to neutral neutral euc and neutral the neutral neutral you positive . and neutral the neutral powerpass and positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral to neutral which neutral you positive intensifier and positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral players neutral neutral neutral . you positive neutral neutral neutral those tiers if you neutral to neutral intensifier alts .
neutral neutral mergers and neutral positive euw endgame seems negative . " neutral " positive positive negative positive . neutral hnegative , hpositive to neutral neutral euc .
positive that neutral positive to neutral players ? and neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral played neutral euw for neutral months from positive neutral deciding to re-roll neutral euc . neutral the neutral merges hnegative neutral neutral the servers themselv positive intensifier " positive " the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral compared to euc . neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral the negative of groups neutral neutral neutral and the hpositive of items neutral the neutral neutral when neutral re-rolled , and sinc positive neutral positive things changed for the hpositive .
neutral neutral positive positive to everyon . neutral positive neutral lasts until neutral . neutral you neutral your designated neutral neutral neutral neutral punika ( the neutral neutral neutral ) you positive neutral neutral neutral punika neutral neutral that lets you negative neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral
would positive to hpositive that neutral neutral to neutral your punika 's neutral you neutral to neutral the neutral neutral called " berver 's positive " neutral punika . neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral surprised if neutral you neutral neutral punika 's neutral you neutral negator negative the neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive having the ah restrictions ( neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral negative ) neutral they positive neutral with the neutral neutral positive caused neutral ah scripters . neutral they intensifier neutral to negative these restrictions ( neutral neutral neutral of neutral / neutral neutral restrictions ) to ilvl . neutral positive negator neutral that neutral with characters positive neutral the neutral hnegative neutral bots .
positive positive negator hnegative compared to the neutral you negator hpositive from intensifier than hpositive neutral neutral neutral ; neutral buying negative of hnegative .
neutral to negative with neutral . neutral intensifier restrictions . neutral neutral hpositive neutral and characters . neutral should negator neutral neutral the ah gulag positive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral things that neutral would positive to neutral changed intensifier : neutral the listings per neutral negative to someth positive neutral that would neutral bots and increases the neutral negative of hnegative players neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive to hpositive from hpositive sellers neutral the neutral neutral . thi would hpositive neutral hpositive to hpositive positive stacks of crafting neutral honing neutral . neutral neutral positive that thi would hpositive neutral intensifier that you neutral negator neutral the neutral ah cooldown neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral to positive actions per minutes ? keeps legit players neutral neutral rates and scripters neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral imposes thi positive when you neutral negator positive neutral buying anyth . negator to neutral checking your neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral the neutral negative has to neutral with thi neutral neutral neutral our negative prices neutral gonna neutral messed neutral .
you neutral the neutral negative and your ah stops functioning . we neutral positive neutral to neutral errors from neutral neutral with neutral
neutral bro… .
neutral neutral thi neutral positive positive what keeps the ah from neutral
hnegative , neutral positive neutral positive thi , and neutral negator neutral sg / ags gives neutral neutral diminisher diminisher of f\*\*\* neutral our hnegative .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral ah restrictions , neutral neutral neutral limits , and pheons neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive someth that positive neutral for neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral botting positive intensifier hpositive neutral with thi positive , neutral neutral negator wanna neutral neutral how neutral neutral negator thi positive .
you intensifier neutral negator negative that .
fr fr neutral neutral neutral the neutral bro
you neutral neutral everyth . neutral neutral neutral and neutral with neutral . positive neutral positive intensifier neutral you to positive negative neutral seconds to neutral someth . neutral positive neutral the seconds neutral negator controlled neutral and intensifier bots .
neutral neutral neutral you should neutral neutral the forums if you negative ags to neutral thi
thi neutral approved negative changes neutral neutral when they positive released and hnegative against neutral positive downvoted neutral neutral negative against ags / sg , you neutral what you hpositive .
you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
>it 's intensifier negative and negative neutral positive of neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral . woulda hpositive you the neutral neutral thi negative .
nope , neutral positive needed to neutral with ah scripts neutral they should neutral neutral intensifier that the cooldown positive positive neutral and seconds and neutral negative the neutral of purchases neutral neutral negative timeframe until neutral hnegative neutral negative has positive reached . neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral neutral for those neutral
neutral neutral with thi neutral until neutral neutral to hpositive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive positive bundles hpositive
you neutral intensifier neutral neutral of your neutral neutral positive negative , neutral negator neutral positive ah scripting neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that would neutral your positive you intensifier neutral negator positive what you neutral negative neutral , and neutral positive hpositive intensifier reddit that your neutral positive upvoted neutral hpositive hpositive neutral hpositive
neutral with neutral neutral neutral to rmt neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral if neutral neutral should neutral implemented
the hpositive neutral sucks neutral neutral neutral negative with neutral multistop the neutral negative positive negative neutral multistop neutral has to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier lists . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative which neutral positive .
neutral positive that what neutral neutral ? that positive neutral neutral negative when neutral neutral to hpositive someth neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral seconds and hpositive negative positive multistop
thi thi thi thi thi ! neutral negative neutral when neutral neutral to the ah . my neutral lvl characters neutral homie neutral complains neutral the ah restrictions neutral neutral neutral .
they positive neutral …
positive neutral they hnegative that hnegative neutral neutral .
hpositive gotta negative listings of negative neutral neutral negative gems and the ah positive negative negator neutral restrictions positive the positive neutral neutral limits .
neutral positive negative with the positive & the negative neutral neutral neutral . these neutral negator intensifier solutions . they neutral to hpositive hpositive neutral neutral & neutral of hnegative .
neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral these positive negator neutral the bots neutral they hpositive neutral intensifier than the neutral the ah positive negator bogged positive neutral neutral positive becaus the neutral with the bots started neutral neutral gems neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive prices deflated negator becaus of neutral positive everyon seems to neutral
negator , neutral intensifier **do** negative that .
neutral negator neutral how the seconds hurts bots . they hpositive neutral neutral neutral that makes them hpositive things neutral seconds and that neutral .
alot of neutral neutral they hpositive hnegative neutral they neutral neutral the neutral that neutral with them and hnegative everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages positive and negative neutral
the negative we neutral
neutral neutral hpositive and neutral , they negator neutral neutral bothered to neutral that
negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier negative maxing neutral the hpositive neutral and you neutral neutral neutral positive multistop bruh .
neutral if neutral amounts neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive the specified neutral , neutral of neutral neutral neutral for neutral knows what neutral
neutral , intensifier , positive neutral neutral negator you positive neutral to neutral , hpositive of neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive disappeared when they implemented those changes , neutral *not* becaus of the changes .

multiquestion that positive neutral of the dumbest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
what the neutral fuck neutral you neutral neutral rmt neutral buying bundles of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what
they positive neutral rmt wats neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral to hpositive solars to neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative of positive
they neutral . they neutral the negative of interactions with the database that requires neutral to neutral seconds per neutral . neutral neutral they could hpositive negative neutral to positive seconds and neutral would neutral positive the neutral for neutral players , neutral neutral negative the negative of negative updates neutral neutral neutral . hpositive positive the neutral negative would negator neutral diminisher neutral hnegative to neutral players if neutral positive diminisher hpositive .
positive you positive positive hnegative neutral to the ah . the neutral of thi neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral hnegative positive to bots .
they neutral negator neutral what we neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral carps thi neutral . appears they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher stacks neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral stacks . hnegative and neutral
neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral rocks and neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to negative neutral neutral of neutral the neutral positive lmao
neutral positive becaus you neutral neutral hpositive from neutral sellers neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral putting neutral neutral amounts of neutral to neutral , you neutral neutral neutral of your neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative neutral .
positive neutral you neutral . changes . negator hpositive neutral neutral . you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral that positive hpositive . you neutral negator hpositive what neutral they neutral . krs neutral neutral positive hpositive positive than our . intensifier . how neutral they neutral negator neutral ?
you neutral to rmt to neutral intensifier than neutral
yep intensifier that means neutral / bots neutral neutral neutral of solars and that positive the neutral neutral negative you . neutral restrictions to neutral ilvl players would hpositive neutral intensifier of positive
and that positive what we schould neutral asking for
neutral neutral delayed ( neutral . the negative ) positive negator the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral , they neutral negator implemented hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
you hpositive what would hpositive that ? neutral with the bots . if neutral positive putting neutral dozens of requests neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral cooldown neutral . neutral , hpositive positive , neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral the fuck neutral neutral neutral to neutral becaus these devs neutral hnegative ?
that positive neutral negative bandaid hnegative . the ah positive fucked becaus of tens of thousands of pages of negative gems .
neutral positive the neutral of transactions , negator negative .
neutral negator implied that ? the neutral im replying to positive implying that neutral would neutral to rmt if they neutral the positive . if they wanted to rmt positive they would neutral positive rmted positive negator positive neutral im neutral downvoted , neutral that reddit for neutral
they neutral negator . we neutral neutral neutral errors neutral the neutral neutral neutral with the limits neutral neutral .
the ah positive fucked becaus bots neutral the ah to neutral resources and neutral , positive gems . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral scripting neutral neutral neutral . if you negative to neutral the safeguards that would neutral neutral timers intensifier the neutral of neutral could neutral the ah , that hpositive shows neutral negator of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive how neutral bots kr has ? that positive neutral the neutral .
becaus you negator intensifier positive . the neutral you replied neutral negator positive **any** neutral would rmt . they positive neutral " neutral with neutral
neutral neutral negator kr neutral the neutral positive neutral positive fixabl they neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive negative hpositive neutral negative to neutral neutral that would neutral intensifier players neutral diminisher than the neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral gems unlistable and neutral neutral neutral neutral . ah neutral has positive lowered intensifier with the hnegative restrictions neutral neutral . neutral to neutral restrictions that neutral thi neutral neutral fuck neutral the intensifier players . if you neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative reached ilvl - neutral the negative for neutral for neutral . you neutral hnegative with your hpositive .
you hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral negator neutral neutral neutral cripples players neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive prices neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral
>people with neutral **can start** to rmt neutral positive the neutral neutral negator positive ?
hpositive becaus kr neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative that causes neutral intensifier neutral neutral the ah . the bots neutral gems and the hpositive buyers spam the ah neutral to neutral them negative . thi creates neutral intensifier of neutral neutral .
'compliance' . neutral positive . the neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral hnegative your 'freedom' . hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
multiquestion thi makes negator positive . neutral you neutral buying accessories ? the neutral positive neutral happens neutral neutral neutral . intensifier to neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative , you positive neutral multi-buying accessories . thi positive prevents neutral scanners from instaflipping neutral negative that positive neutral for neutral neutral when they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative has intensifier bots than thi neutral their ah positive negative neutral fixabl they neutral hpositive neutral positive the devs neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
they positive neutral ilvl for hpositive neutral . they could neutral hpositive neutral intensifier that you neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , positive neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher transactions . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher bots positive neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive to neutral hpositive .

intensifier they hpositive neutral them neutral neutral neutral them . and the ilvl restrictions positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral weeks until they negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the negative neutral neutral the ah that allowed the bots to hpositive neutral those restrictions . for intensifier the neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative weeks
neutral /u/tenuousdragon , positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral , neutral neutral the argos neutral hpositive means that we positive negator neutral neutral from bots neutral ah gets neutral to > and brel neutral lol . neutral if they neutral for the neutral negative positive neutral neutral that would neutral positive players neutral to positive vykas / valtan hpositive neutral beeing positive to neutral the ah negative
neutral would positive neutral neutral the servers neutral neutral / ah , intensifier they could neutral diminisher hnegative restrictions that positive placed for thi neutral ( positive that timeout ) . neutral positive neutral hnegative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral buying gems , merging them and neutral intensifier diminisher scripts creating neutral neutral that neutral .
* neutral changes for neutral ( neutral we neutral negator neutral positive and neutral neutral negator positive neutral to translated ) * neutral 'storm neutral kick' neutral treated neutral hpositive negative has positive adjusted . * neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral negative . * neutral 'nightmare' neutral neutral has positive adjusted neutral neutral if the neutral positive neutral drowning neutral neutral neutral neutral . * neutral : neutral of the neutral . * neutral : neutral neutral of the neutral . * if neutral positive negator neutral to negative with the neutral , you positive neutral neutral to the neutral **__as neutral neutral before__** . - - - - intensifier neutral to the neutral notes , neutral negative neutral neutral exploiting neutral neutral huh smilegate ? neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral when neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral neutral negative neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher implies thi positive positive negative positive . - for formatting . neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral
anyth neutral neutral neutral positive , negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral that negative neutral neutral you neutral neutral if neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral to positive the positive neutral . negative of friends / guildies neutral neutral the neutral positive sinc the neutral neutral dropped .
lazenith umar positive neutral neutral neutral ?
negator , neutral they negative we neutral using negative positive diminisher than admitting negative positive coded negative . neutral positive neutral allegations of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral for neutral neutral . pausing my neutral honing neutral and monitoring inven for signs of neutral neutral neutral expectations positive to neutral and negative receiving upgrades with positive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral kr reapers neutral hnegative .
neutral should neutral neutral the neutral itself the neutral neutral lol , neutral of my comments has the neutral which neutral for neutral , neutral and neutral . for neutral , " neutral neutral neutral " neutral negator neutral neutral negative anymore .
hmmm multistop kr positive discovering thi hpositive neutral , neutral we positive thi for neutral diminisher weeks positive positive ?
neutral neutral negator positive the hnegative " positive "
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral guides to neutral neutral where diminisher neutral strikers neutral to " neutral neutral " neutral neutral to neutral triggering positive neutral and positive called neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral strikers neutral of the hnegative that you neutral negative of negative from neutral neutral positive neutral neutral if lazenith neutral neutral negator micromanaged neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral . neutral : run-on negative .
neutral neutral positive hpositive positive , negator neutral
positive multistop neutral positive neutral and neutral negative negative
neutral has positive
neutral neutral negative neutral negative buffbut neutral they negator wanna , neutral positive positive my neutral lol . neutral neutral
hmm neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative how smilegate implements the builds neutral neutral positive someth that exists neutral neutral neutral negative .
kr has positive thi neutral their neutral neutral that neutral has positive their atk spd neutral negative skills . neutral positive positive neutral neutral for diminisher neutral neutral neutral kr neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral . you neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive from neutral of negative hpositive with backattack neutral . and dmg neutral with lazenuts , neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral mechs for neutral neutral . neutral you neutral mechs slower neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral wich positive the neutral reasson neutral intensifier dmg seems hpositive . bc if negator , hpositive neutral neutral negative , neutral hnegative hnegative and hpositive dmg neutral and positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral reapers neutral shit neutral neutral smilegate neutral including the neutral neutral neutral ( which negative positive neutral neutral ) having neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral skills dure neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral inven that shows neutral neutral neutral positive your neutral negative neutral intensifier to teleport you neutral with negative , using kuku-sayton hnegative hpositive . neutral , you " neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . with thi neutral , the neutral neutral reads to neutral that negative hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive into neutral neutral positive " negative positive " .

neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive than soulfist neutral . neutral neutral reapers neutral neutral they neutral someth neutral neutral the neutral . soulfists neutral positive arguing amongst themselv neutral " thi neutral neutral negator f-ing neutral " and " nahbru we hpositive we negative neutral neutral neutral dps neutral ( that negator neutral cares neutral ) " . the dps neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral soulfist neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral " neutral the neutral cares when longest dps neutral from positive positive and negator hnegative neutral has neutral "
bruh if youre planning neutral neutral positive positive neutral . tf neutral neutral neutral neutral for if yorue negator having positive ? neutral although negator neutral hpositive neutral hnegative characters positive neutral hpositive . neutral mvp neutral neutral legions guardians with positive ilvl neutral my neutral . thi seems positive neutral positive positive .
for someth that positive positive neutral neutral sinc neutral , these neutral posts expressing positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . what positive neutral positive for the neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral of thi neutral .
if *i* neutral neutral my neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral lol . galatur keeps avoiding neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive diminisher positive neutral against strikers neutral kr positive becaus of neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of umar lazenith strikers positive neutral neutral everyon neutral positive hnegative / countering / neutral mobs becaus they neutral neutral lazenith .
neutral hnegative , hnegative axeling neutral the neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral negative . wtf smg , neutral negator fuck with my neutral hpositive .

neutral positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
they positive the neutral qol neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral negative neutral tripods and neutral negative neutral they rioted . silvagunner neutral neutral to hnegative sf neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral .
hurr durrr positive issuee hurr durr . of neutral im gonna positive neutral . they overnerfed the shit neutral of neutral . you neutral to neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral with neutral negative . hpositive positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral fyi neutral neutral having positive . neutral hpositive negator positive playing neutral neutral positive with neutral returns
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral skill-issue neutral cleared prokel trixion positive with darks and neutral neutral ( my neutral positive juiced ) , neutral negative with thirain , should neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive , neutral positive hnegative
that positive what neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative los multistop hnegative positive summoning positive negative neutral
neutral hpositive opened my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral packs when neutral my neutral los neutral
neutral relevent neutral ? : neutral neutral neutral neutral hvykas neutral , and when we entered the negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative mobs negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral laughed neutral diminisher and neutral positive neutral positive umar+lazenith neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative cd . neutral diminisher neutral emotes neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator positive anyth . **** neutral neutral neutral flexing and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral 's neutral neutral ties into neutral neutral , although neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral cooldown . neutral neutral neutral neutral strikers neutral to neutral intensifier counters to neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral reapers neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . positive neutral neutral positive to neutral what the neutral neutral neutral brings , neutral neutral looks positive neutral positive " the positive " neutral to neutral compared against neutral neutral kr neutral ( that we positive neutral neutral ) . hnegative axel jumping neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral countered neutral " hpositive neutral negative bro "
neutral positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
practitioners of the " keum gangseon-style " neutral neutral neutral neutral lol , neutral has thi positive positive thi neutral ?
hurrr durrrrr positive positive nah neutral fr neutral neutral waht your neutral , neutral hpositive breaks my negative that you would positive neutral neutral bc neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral of hours neutral neutral neutral negative negator neutral neutral neutral to positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral multistop
what positive the neutral brel neutral positive ? neutral
gunslinger atm , neutral valtan neutral and crafted to parts of the negative positive . neutral would positive to positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive positive to those neutral hpositive parts of my positive , and neutral neutral to valtan neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative anyth neutral negator neutral for neutral valtan neutral to positive neutral positive neutral neutral !
neutral anyon neutral if the akkan neutral neutral positive neutral sh neutral that neutral neutral existing neutral ?
how neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative brel neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral where my alts neutral neutral and neutral negator hpositive if neutral should positive neutral negator neutral hnegative of negative neutral neutral the neutral that neutral would neutral neutral from neutral brel .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral dungeons ?
hey guys , should neutral hpositive honing neutral materials everytime neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral neutral honing from positive neutral okay to positive negative with negator hpositive ?
neutral anyon hpositive when the neutral una neutral ilv breakpoint positive neutral positive ? neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral ? positive if neutral should neutral negative una 's for the neutral brel hm positive sinc and negative dungeons neutral neutral neutral negative .
what positive the positive neutral to neutral with thi neutral ? neutral neutral negative neutral ( neutral / vitalpointhit ) and neutral negative + neutral hpositive books . magick neutral would neutral the
neutral neutral neutral arcanist neutral with neutral , neutral neutral positive hyper neutral and neutral neutral positive pheons intensifier neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral has leapstones my neutral , neutral , positive neutral with leapstones and neutral if neutral neutral hpositive negative negative neutral neutral ) . neutral positive neutral of them , neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral which neutral neutral should neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral ilvl characters for hnegative negative intensifier neutral neutral positive if neutral should neutral neutral sinc the engravings neutral hpositive neutral arcanist becaus neutral positive neutral to
neutral gunslinger neutral her guns neutral neutral korea neutral ? if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral of gunslingers neutral korea neutral loawa , they neutral their guns neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral positive negative dungeons neutral with the brel hnegative neutral ?
could neutral neutral shandi neutral balthor ) neutral if neutral neutral neutral for rowen neutral neutral neutral atm cuz neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative of weeks and neutral would intensifier positive to neutral the neutral neutral of hbrel positive neutral neutral to neutral buying neutral cards and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative the neutral backatk positive for striker/wd intensifier neutral neutral neutral and galataur ( neutral of neutral ) positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral should hpositive neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive that positive neutral neutral neutral positive months sinc neutral negator neutral tubulik and neutral the neutral quests
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral nesw for raids ? neutral hnegative neutral into the neutral of asking neutral the neutral becaus the neutral diminisher argos runs neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ( neutral neutral neutral neutral )
returning neutral neutral neutral negator positive endgame neutral , neutral positive if the negative neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral heard from neutral and videos ? neutral neutral positive neutral how neutral neutral positive positive neutral to neutral into groups if you neutral negator positive neutral hnegative neutral ( i.e the positive neutral negative , hpositive neutral to neutral ) . neutral intensifier positive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative if neutral positive positive hnegative for neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for endgame neutral .
hey , neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral for neutral diminisher months and neutral positive neutral and neutral to neutral diminisher neutral stones neutral neutral neutral the neutral “ neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator positive hnegative what that means . neutral neutral hoping neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
questions neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral cooldown ? which neutral neutral the positive for neutral portals ? neutral they neutral equalized neutral and sets negator neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative which positive the positive neutral to neutral with them .
negative for gilvasunner neutral , positive neutral hitmaster , neutral neutral , positive , negative neutral , neutral , and lv positive neutral positive negative ? crit neutral stats . what neutral positive would hpositive the neutral ? hnegative than los
positive neutral tth neutral hpositive ? neutral neutral neutral neutral her and she seems hpositive af , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative with her dps neutral
when should neutral neutral for hanumatan ? neutral positive neutral neutral cd ?
positive neutral neutral neutral that for customization tickets that neutral neutral ? negator hpositive neutral neutral in-game .
which neutral positive hpositive ? neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral brel hnegative that the neutral 'phantom neutral remnants' negative positive required to positive neutral neutral . positive thi neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , and if neutral positive where neutral neutral hpositive neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral of friends neutral 's neutral stacks . neutral neutral neutral negative berald for eiburn neutral . if neutral neutral neutral hpositive berald , positive neutral neutral neutral negative with the negative neutral and neutral neutral intensifier atk.power neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
how neutral of neutral hnegative neutral dps positive crit neutral lc vs crit neutral lc ss ?
should neutral neutral una 's neutral neutral they neutral the neutral rewards neutral neutral ?
positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral with ezrebet and krissa ? hpositive neutral trusted with neutral of the neutral should neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ? which means neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral of the neutral rapports to neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to positive diminisher rl neutral to neutral the positive with friends that negator neutral . what positive the hpositive neutral to neutral neutral into stronger characters ?
neutral positive eso neutral intensifier neutral looked neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral crit / / eso neutral with neutral to + ( eso adre kbw , neutral neutral , positive , neutral ) . neutral has neutral hnegative neutral than my neutral , negative neutral neutral to neutral parties ( ilvl negative neutral gems , positive neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral , dps neutral trixion .
anyon hpositive if the neutral increases una neutral / neutral neutral .
hpositive downloaded the neutral . neutral neutral hnegative thi positive neutral newbie negative , neutral what neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral and seems intensifier positive .
neutral you negator neutral trees and neutral ores and negative neutral your neutral anymore ? neutral neutral negator played neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you could neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to hpositive neutral . has neutral positive replaced with the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral .
and neutral the neutral positive .
neutral neutral thi :
you hnegative negator , neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral hpositive vs negative negative neutral positive neutral neutral stat hnegative + hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral honed to negative neutral neutral neutral honed to
nm = hm = iirc . gives positive neutral the neutral of neutral positive . hpositive neutral hm and and you positive neutral negative .
negative you neutral buying boxes , neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier than neutral from what neutral neutral positive . the neutral that you neutral neutral neutral , hnegative , intensifier neutral neutral costs .
positive .
neutral maxroll 's honing neutral . neutral neutral depends neutral neutral ) whether you neutral neutral buying neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral and neutral ) neutral neutral prices . you should neutral hpositive the negative honing books . you neutral positive negator hpositive honing neutral neutral for neutral , that positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral worthwhile to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
aka with akkan neutral .
with that neutral and neutral neutral , you intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negative : neutral - and ( neutral accessories vph - to accessories neutral negative - negative neutral - negative magick neutral - and to ( neutral and accessories neutral , neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral options for those intensifier neutral positive positive to neutral neutral that neutral . neutral / vph / neutral combinations neutral diminisher neutral the neutral prices neutral neutral hpositive . intensifier neutral the neutral and neutral which neutral the cheapest . magick neutral accessories neutral neutral cheaper . intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
relics : hnegative accessories : * neutral neutral : * neutral neutral : * neutral ( stonenegative * vph ( stonenegative accessories ( prices neutral neutral eucnegative * neutral + neutral / / for * ms + neutral / / neutral neutral for neutral * vph + ms / / * vph + ms / / * ms + neutral / / neutral neutral neutral = neutral neutral with neutral . that neutral , thi relies neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral ms neutral neutral neutral hpositive prices . thi gives you neutral pieces , and the neutral that you neutral neutral ms . ms should neutral neutral neutral cheaper , neutral neutral neutral uses neutral . the ms and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive , neutral diminisher neutral diminisher neutral neutral ms neutral neutral neutral if they neutral negator neutral neutral stats . diminisher neutral could neutral moved neutral neutral neutral neutral conditions .
hpositive neutral what positive positive for you . neutral negator overthink neutral the neutral of hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral of gatekeeping . neutral positive to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral their shit hnegative of neutral negative and positive neutral hpositive juiced characters . neutral if you neutral and neutral neutral positive pugs positive positive you . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral rejected neutral hnegative and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive positive if neutral neutral my characters .
if your neutral has neutral neutral positive that sounds positive neutral neutral to neutral
neutral the neutral you positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive negative , neutral if neutral positive your neutral positive thi positive the neutral , neutral positive positive hpositive for neutral groups
positive kr neutral positive negative updated for gilvasunner and neutral to neutral positive to negative their weapons neutral neutral , positive hnegative neutral . negator hnegative when we positive neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral should neutral , neutral neutral the positive neutral of releases neutral positive hpositive to negative the neutral positive neutral with and negative dungeons
fppc positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral you negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
if you negative to neutral , positive to neutral neutral . if neutral flares neutral neutral , whoever appears neutral neutral negative wins and neutral neutral positive expected to neutral neutral of the remaining neutral items . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . if you negative neutral you hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative the neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral for cali , hpositive hnegative neutral for neutral . if you negator neutral username the negative neutral of neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral .
what neutral fppc neutral for ?
neutral buying neutral neutral and neutral your selectors until you neutral neutral for neutral sets . neutral positive negator neutral the neutral to neutral rowen . neutral the neutral galataur from the neutral neutral neutral btw .
neutral positive positive / / neutral naw for neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral heard neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral nae neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral they neutral nesw ? could neutral hnegative . anecdotally neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral nesw sinc argos launched , everyon assumes and neutral
neutral neutral my neutral hpositive to neutral nesw for argos and positive neutral
neutral . the gatekeeping positive neutral neutral . neutral positive positive myself : neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative . becaus hpositive neutral negative positive neutral neutral and neutral . they neutral the neutral of their neutral gatekeeping . you hpositive neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral you : - neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral ( for the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of them ) . - neutral your neutral to neutral hnegative neutral for neutral . positive hpositive for brel . positive negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral you neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive and neutral positive negative ( neutral neutral neutral neutral hellbrel neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral korea ) . neutral you neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral into neutral neutral . and negator , negative brel neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral neutral thi negative . neutral neutral : neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral : - neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral the neutral positive from to neutral for neutral . - neutral neutral asking for neutral neutral neutral requiring brel to neutral cleaned hpositive . neutral positive negator shortcut to neutral neutral hpositive neutral the negative and neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral they negator positive their lvl neutral neutral with them negator neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral and we neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral .
if you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive into parties , positive neutral would negator positive neutral positive hnegative , neutral you neutral neutral to neutral positive to hpositive hnegative your neutral positive progressing and neutral stronger . if you positive you neutral negator reached endgame positive positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive positive that neutral of neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative to neutral your neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral you neutral to that neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral , neutral neutral takes negative neutral to neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral when accepting negative neutral to neutral neutral , diminisher of them neutral hpositive neutral minimums you positive neutral and diminisher neutral neutral to everyon neutral applying and how neutral they negative to neutral for neutral hpositive . if you neutral positive neutral and neutral negator neutral negative ilevel for the negative neutral positive negator negative hnegative . for neutral returning neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral to neutral your titles , neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral into raids that neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral negator positive having the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral and / neutral frustrating neutral hpositive , neutral neutral gets hpositive the neutral you neutral to the negative ilevels .
raids neutral negator intensifier hnegative if you neutral them . neutral ends neutral neutral positive neutral mmos , where the hardest neutral of the neutral positive neutral groups that neutral negator deadweights . gatekeeping has positive relaxing neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hoping to neutral neutral . neutral seems neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral rn , which means neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral for players neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral the neutral
you neutral to neutral to to neutral those items . neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral bots from positive the neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral becaus bots neutral neutral to intensifier positive with positive updates .
positive and stand-up actions neutral neutral their neutral cooldown neutral and positive neutral neutral negative that states neutral sucb , positive the neutral positive positive . neutral that positive neutral neutral negative sets to neutral positive " neutral " neutral hnegative ( neutral and neutral neutral neutral ) neutral equalized neutral .
neutral to atk 's youtube neutral with lustboy ( neutral positive theorycrafter ) , positive neutral neutral negator intensifier negative whether you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative when ancients neutral , and sinc neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral books and neutral neutral neutral of the neutral players neutral neutral neutral loves srf , neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive , neutral negative / lwc neutral negative neutral
from kr , negative negative neutral - positive , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral hpositive , positive to and neutral neutral negative positive seems hpositive to neutral neutral you neutral for neutral of negative neutral kazeros' neutral neutral ( non-demon positive neutral neutral neutral our neutral that neutral hnegative to hnegative ) .
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative % neutral , neutral neutral neutral srf neutral neutral intensifier negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral setups positive neutral hpositive and negator expected of you for diminisher neutral neutral intensifier if neutral neutral neutral positive , negator positive neutral neutral positive
she positive okay , neutral neutral positive playing her sinc neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral the neutral positive intensifier positive the negative intensifier positive diminisher negative neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral diminisher months . that positive negator to negative the neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral intensifier positive neutral intensifier positive neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive critflux when neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral hnegative and negative with sinc critflux neutral neutral hpositive negative . my neutral thoughts neutral neutral tth neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral than neutral neutral letting neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi diminisher " negative "
neutral okay neutral the hnegative positive that you neutral intensifier intensifier positive uptime to neutral neutral neutral negative to hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral vs the neutral neutral ( hpositive neutral , neutral , negative , neutral , etc . ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if you neutral that intensifier positive uptime . if you negator , neutral hnegative neutral positive .
idk what " hpositive " neutral to neutral , neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral negator the neutral optimized for neutral dps positive positive neutral gs , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral that dps-wise , neutral neutral diminisher punishing and hpositive to neutral neutral
if you negative neutral neutral positive for monke , positive positive the neutral neutral you neutral neutral dailies . neutral positive neutral and negative neutral neutral , we neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral these neutral negator positive neutral positive . neutral positive neutral shocked if we neutral negator neutral them .
neutral positive negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral freebies neutral neutral dates . neutral you neutral hnegative neutral for neutral negator . neutral for neutral negative of neutral .
my positive positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral with neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive negator that hnegative . intensifier negative for the neutral positive neutral positive , and if neutral neutral positive neutral applies for neutral parties neutral neutral raids intensifier you neutral diminisher neutral intensifier neutral of neutral ( positive neutral if neutral neutral hnegative , negator hnegative ) .
the neutral with neutral stats neutral neutral neutral neutral
/u/ultfiction neutral hpositive positive neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral to achievements > neutral > items > neutral to the negative . >phantom neutral remnants > >regardless of positive , neutral pieces of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral completed thi achievements neutral **roster wide** intensifier you neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral brel nm neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral your neutral . that neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral of brel nm neutral to neutral to neutral . you *should* neutral the neutral horns neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral horns you neutral neutral what brel nm neutral you neutral you should neutral negative .
negator neutral positive neutral neutral the intro neutral to the negative positive neutral raids neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive speculating neutral
nope . those kinds of passives neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral . if they neutral positive types positive neutral hpositive uses the positive neutral .
negator if you positive the descriptions neutral neutral berald neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral negator negative . hnegative passives negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
their dps positive positive , neutral their negative neutral positive hpositive . neutral lc negative neutral leans toward your negative negative ( neutral neutral of your neutral negative ) neutral neutral lc negative neutral leans toward your neutral skills neutral ( you hpositive neutral intensifier casts neutral your neutral skills neutral neutral lc neutral neutral lc ) .
neutral negator neutral to neutral
adding to neutral , neutral seems that neutral rewards neutral with akkan intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
positive maxing neutral neutral of them positive neutral you the neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive for completionist reasons positive having them neutral your sh neutral if you negative to hpositive intensifier neutral their backstory ( neutral quests ) .
hpositive ? rmt from players , negator bots . safest , hpositive neutral crystals to hpositive skins positive neutral the skins neutral ah . neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative , neutral you could neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive you neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the ah . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral prabably gives you the neutral neutral for your neutral . negative neutral diminisher hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral with neutral
the neutral positive positive neutral neutral negator neutral with eso stat distributions sinc strikers neutral diminisher positive and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral of stats and negative neutral neutral neutral sinc of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to stat builds
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral eso neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral and compared to neutral , neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral of the neutral hpositive builds to neutral . neutral intensifier of strikers neutral that ilvl positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier you neutral hpositive competing with them and everyon knows neutral positive neutral of the hardest hitting neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral dmg neutral
neutral positive someth you negator wanna neutral neutral you positive to neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive , which for you positive diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral the positive neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral and neutral with the neutral positive / hpositive neutral .
positive the neutral replaced that neutral
neutral you neutral neutral the gates positive that ? neutral you
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral groups for neutral ? positive checking for the neutral neutral neutral intensifier and neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral 's neutral neutral
neutral you ! positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive the boxes for neutral which should neutral neutral neutral says neutral positive positive
negative uses neutral , to uses phero , uses phero , uses neutral
neutral positive negator intensifier positive neutral takes that neutral neutral to neutral rowen , you neutral neutral tulubik if you negative . the neutral takes neutral minutes neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive guaranteed neutral toward neutral guaranteed neutral neutral . if their neutral positive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral of hm brel they neutral hpositive neutral buying packs and if they neutral neutral they neutral neutral , if they neutral negator they positive neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher weeks and hpositive neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral would negator neutral buying neutral neutral packs . they neutral intensifier neutral hnegative if you neutral neutral to maxing sets . takes positive hpositive packs neutral neutral to neutral the neutral you negative if you neutral neutral neutral and that positive neutral crystals neutral of the - positive packs . which positive neutral neutral my neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral and negator neutral into neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral naw ! neutral hpositive positive neutral from the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to hpositive these strangers intensifier neutral neutral hpositive positive . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , she seems positive multiexclamation
euc argos = nesw euc brel = euc valtan / vykas / hnegative = neutral spots neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
> neutral that positive neutral neutral negative sets to neutral positive " neutral " neutral hnegative ( neutral and neutral neutral neutral ) neutral equalized neutral . my neutral consists neutral neutral , neutral neutral , ew negative , eo soulfist , neutral neutral and lc positive ( neutral ) ; should neutral neutral with soulfist neutral negative positive ? neutral : neutral you neutral !
neutral of neutral , neutral neutral you hpositive srf ? neutral positive intensifier neutral for negator that neutral negative . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to srf neutral neutral gives intensifier manoeuvrability and you neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral you
neutral intensifier neutral doenst neutral my negative neutral ? what positive neutral neutral of moonfal neutral positive
hnegative what neutral thi neutral neutral ? neutral with neutral stats positive hpositive neutral negator hpositive ?
ah okay positive !
neutral , hpositive to hpositive that neutral neutral . positive for the neutral neutral !
you positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral the skins negative , neutral neutral the skins neutral hpositive returns
neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative you negative . for neutral vykas buses neutral nm and positive hm neutral neutral believe.you could neutral neutral neutral combo of nm / hm neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for positive neutral
neutral neutral positive for neutral that neutral diminisher coordination neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral ( neutral asking for neutral ) . sinc neutral positive guardians and raids everyon gets neutral positive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive to neutral that , neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral with positive negative neutral ? positive negative positive hpositive neutral neutral and hpositive hnegative you neutral using negative negative valtan / vykas neutral from the dropdown
neutral the neutral of neutral you neutral honing neutral the neutral neutral from brel to argos , hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
hpositive positive
neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral sinc neutral ( neutral , neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) and neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral played she positive neutral my positive . hnegative which neutral you neutral she positive my positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive her !
neutral neutral your negative neutral neutral positive positive for neutral neutral neutral ( and negative of having to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " positive dps " ) . neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral you positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral sinc you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to positive .
neutral neutral positive negator negative hnegative , the neutral neutral of equalized neutral positive the stats neutral positive which neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral . with neutral you hpositive neutral to negative the neutral neutral and you positive neutral diminisher negative , although the negative of neutral positive hpositive you neutral diminisher , neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive negative hnegative . soulfist positive okay , hnegative neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral you positive neutral neutral with neutral intensifier of down-time neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral hype
neutral would neutral lc positive , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral levels positive ds intensifier you hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
positive , neutral hpositive feelings and sounds intensifier impactful : negative neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral the cooldown positive looong .
neutral neutral , neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral , positive to neutral .
hnegative neutral misspelled neutral neutral lol . the neutral with neutral neutral stats neutral / neutral positive hpositive .
neutral positive neutral positive they neutral skins neutral tradabl for neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral that for bots negative ? positive if they hpositive lowered the rc to neutral neutral they could neutral bots neutral negative intensifier ppl would prolly hpositive , intensifier neutral negative would neutral neutral neutral for imo .
yup diminisher neutral positive neutral vykas hhn neutral the intensifier neutral , you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive to hpositive
oookay , makes positive . positive
neutral positive that neutral neutral .
hnegative positive mana costs , neutral neutral neutral lc with negative and neutral . negator negative neutral would positive intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , stats neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier and gems neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral you should neutral negative , hnegative neutral hpositive diminisher positive runes neutral
neutral for hanumattan , babyy
neutral neutral to hpositive cali seeds . neutral neutral positive diminisher afk and the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral breakdancing neutral . shits wack .
negative neutral boys , we survived the carl neutral neutral neutral positive balls to the walls with hanumatan we neutral neutral the negative to neutral negative
laughs neutral neutral hpositive
intensifier when playing negative , that neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral , neutral borpaspin the neutral neutral neutral neutral rapidfire
\*cries neutral neutral main\*
lets goooo
neutral hpositive caliligos idc
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral bosses anymore neutral to negative
neutral you neutral positive positive with negative and cali positive neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive him anymore negative that hpositive positive . neutral : neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral and positive neutral , that shits negative .
neutral neutral deskaluda man.perfect neutral for neutral neutral .no bulshit mec negator neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral seems they neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral negator positive .this positive neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive negator negative .
that positive neutral neutral multistop we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral players neutral players hpositive neutral negator hpositive how to neutral neutral neutral . hitmaster neutral neutral neutral for negator neutral .

neutral positive the hnegative when you neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral that positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral hyped , neutral positive neutral
neutral
yup neutral neutral rested for neutral .
we gotta neutral until the neutral to neutral that neutral neutral
that positive when you positive neutral and neutral to the neutral expecting the neutral
and the neutral positive intensifier hpositive
neutral characters
neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral rested . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rested neutral neutral neutral my neutral
positive neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral they positive whether they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral the
neutral
intensifier neutral neutral of thi subreddit lmao
neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral , you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral online neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral and positive traversible . neutral positive neutral for the
neutral
?
that positive neutral you neutral my positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative . neutral you for neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral ya'll neutral !
you neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral and grabbed neutral neutral of the neutral for your positive , neutral how neutral thi positive !
multistop thst positive hpositive
looks neutral , if neutral neutral the guardians positive neutral positive neutral positive thi , neutral with hpositive terrains
bro neutral neutral neutral those mages
neutral positive positive neutral , negative that the neutral positive neutral to neutral paromensa 's neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to her from neutral of neutral ( the neutral neutral neutral positive negator her neutral neutral positive when neutral neutral uses neutral negative positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral happens to neutral her neutral neutral ) . the devs neutral having neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral you .
intensifier neutral positive
lalati
neutral positive you positive referring to the negative neutral of the negative signs .

neutral negator neutral positive positive neutral the neutral wtf xd and neutral of them with positive positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral /u/maera-procyon , positive to our subreddit . positive to spam , we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral accounts . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
hpositive becaus you neutral newer/not neutral positive and seems hnegative to you neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral whales
neutral neutral playing sinc neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hours played and neutral neutral neutral of neutral my neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator positive and negator hnegative . neutral im gonna neutral you sorc positive the positive neutral neutral sinc of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral and neutral neutral neutral sorcs
neutral neutral , positive neutral brel weapons . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . what neutral has to neutral with someth ? anyth neutral positive positive intensifier than neutral . neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral powerpass neutral and hyper neutral neutral neutral my alts neutral neutral neutral and neutral kt neutral neutral of them ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral vern neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral hours played .
if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of your characters & you neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive that positive your neutral hnegative .
neutral positive positive you should neutral neutral the gems , if neutral neutral neutral negative gems than neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral sorcs neutral hpositive neutral from the negative positive positive that and they neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
becaus intensifier everyon neutral neutral sorc neutral their neutral neutral , neutral positive the zerker that positive negator neutral gatekept . negative neutral positive gonna neutral the neutral well-geared neutral if neutral negative neutral of sorcs neutral everyones neutral .
if you neutral neutral neutral you neutral putting the positive neutral hnegative priorities . the “ hnegative ” neutral would neutral to neutral chars neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral intensifier pumped neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral depends neutral how you positive the neutral . intensifier neutral negator neutral others neutral their neutral
neutral positive hnegative to hpositive the neutral neutral they negative hpositive roles . neutral positive neutral neutral . the hpositive and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that sinc neutral your buffs neutral aoe neutral , negative positive aoe neutral , negative neutral for and neutral , neutral dmg neutral and negative neutral . negative positive neutral dps , neutral intensifier hpositive dps , positive intensifier hpositive to neutral and sinc the neutral positive positive positive positive neutral neutral of neutral positive positive
neutral positive zerk positive hpositive becaus you hpositive neutral your neutral and positive afk until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral , positive your cds , neutral for the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral slower the hardest neutral neutral hpositive neutral playing neutral positive to neutral the neutral to neutral neutral . neutral that hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral knows
positive that neutral neutral negative ?
neutral positive positive asking what neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral 's the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . negator , negator becaus neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mained positive and hpositive neutral . the neutral positive with neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral cds for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral and neutral 's neutral neutral hpositive for counters / negative , and neutral neutral raids neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral of neutral neutral that you neutral hpositive hnegative until they neutral needed . neutral of the gameplay you neutral hpositive neutral neutral . > neutral > loj > neutral negative to neutral positive you neutral neutral of neutral your thumbs , which negator neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive diminisher positive than neutral neutral / positive where you neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral negative which produces intensifier negative for the neutral . you neutral neutral the neutral / neutral neutral and neutral and positive neutral godsent neutral and neutral of hpositive for neutral diminisher someth to neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive and neutral you neutral negative neutral to neutral uptime neutral and neutral neutral neutral of neutral builders neutral you neutral to and neutral neutral , positive neutral your negative zs neutral . neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher of neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral bars to negative neutral neutral someth , intensifier neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive and diminisher neutral rails neutral neutral neutral .
neutral pros : negative zerk pros : neutral positive , you neutral with your eyes neutral youll neutral mvp
neutral positive negative neutral neutral , intensifier hpositive , diminisher neutral , hnegative neutral positive negative all-round hpositive neutral .
neutral = neutral neutral fuck intensifier positive loses
the positive changes neutral zerk positive intensifier nice.im positive neutral replacing my positive with my zerk . im negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hik becaus when neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral we needed supports .
neutral would positive negative , although neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral using the similarities neutral negative and negative , which positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral for
intensifier neutral negator neutral problems neutral into pugs with the negative neutral neutral ?
neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral playing neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral the neutral becaus how neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive that ?

that explains neutral they neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral dropped my positive for my zerker when the neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you positive negator neutral gatekept neutral you neutral neutral zerk . if you neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive becaus of hnegative reasons .
zerkers neutral negator neutral gatekept neutral they neutral to neutral neutral if you neutral negator positive it'd hpositive neutral from hnegative factors ( gems , cards , ilvl , engravings ) my ilvl zerker neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral into neutral parties neutral , pre-rework negator would positive neutral
zerk positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative positive neutral stats , engravings , gems , tanking neutral , etc .
neutral positive positive to neutral among intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral dps neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral and positive positive positive neutral neutral amongst neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral and the hnegative positive neutral dps . positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . you negator intensifier hpositive supports to dps . intensifier neutral neutral dps neutral the neutral neutral to neutral " hpositive " . supports neutral neutral neutral intensifier multistop they neutral negator the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive dps and the hnegative positive neutral the playstyles neutral hpositive hpositive .
neutral positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
zerk pros : tankiest neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral with enuf neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral def hnegative positive neutral neutral sinc brel neutral neutral negative .
>you positive negator neutral gatekept neutral you neutral neutral zerk . that negator intensifier hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral negative neutral higer requirements neutral terms of titles , neutral negative , cards , etc neutral neutral zerker than neutral hnegative neutral .
for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive intensifier ?
tankiest .
these neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral zerkers that hnegative anymore , neutral diminisher intensifier than neutral becaus the neutral zerker positive intensifier of neutral dps neutral than neutral the hnegative dps monkeys neutral pf neutral neutral zerkers intensifier toward the endgame neutral negator that hnegative . neutral neutral reapers neutral gatekept neutral hnegative .
negative positive neutral hnegative hpositive neutral the neutral becaus their negative neutral hnegative and the playstyle neutral intensifier negative , you positive neutral neutral these charged skills ( neutral of charged positive neutral neutral neutral neutral you negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral cooldown and neutral negator negative ) neutral you positive negator neutral ( neutral positive positive intensifier neutral ) intensifier neutral zerker would neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher everyth and neutral . they neutral positive neutral and neutral their neutral hpositive positive , positive neutral and neutral positive negator intensifier neutral positive intensifier their negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher and neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . those changes neutral zerker to neutral skills neutral their negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to skills . ( negative neutral positive neutral zerker positive that neutral your neutral neutral neutral and crit hpositive neutral for seconds neutral for cards , hpositive , ilvl and engravings those neutral hpositive layers neutral of neutral positive that neutral your negative , negative cooldown , neutral neutral , etc . things neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive you for neutral negative
zerks suffered from neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral the neutral ( streamers hnegative ) and thoughts / ideas neutral positive things . neutral neutral neutral zerks positive gatekept neutral / neutral of thi prevailing positive hnegative of how hpositive neutral neutral . the neutral neutral with the neutral neutral thoughts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of that hnegative intensifier gatekeeping neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral these neutral the neutral things ppl to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral for which neutral neutral faces ( gems , cards , ilvl , engravings ) positive positive neutral seems to neutral to neutral the neutral neutral gems to neutral ( neutral neutral gems neutral to neutral upgrades ) neutral ( i'd neutral hpositive neutral the accessories neutral neutral neutral neutral & neutral neutral neutral ( doesn't neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral ) . positive hpositive the hpositive neutral books followed neutral neutral intensifier stones if you neutral to . neutral neutral thi neutral you neutral neutral from to seamlessli neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . thi means you positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral gatekept earlier neutral . you neutral neutral neutral ilvl to neutral you neutral / / + to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral which neutral helps neutral intensifier gems ilvl cards neutral hpositive neutral hnegative , negator you neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral playing and neutral positive neutral exp neutral the sets you positive neutral sinc neutral exp positive hnegative to neutral neutral .
if
neutral neutral positive dps neutral neutral hpositive than neutral dps when neutral positive negative positive released for weeks neutral for neutral negative of months . neutral that neutral should neutral neutral cus players positive neutral neutral positive the negative and hpositive the neutral of the negative . neutral neutral positive > neutral
neutral matters when the neutral has neutral hpositive negative windows . neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral with the positive of having neutral neutral hnegative neutral securing negative neutral of those windows ( neutral : neutral sorc neutral neutral neutral neutral ) intensifier if you negator neutral neutral from neutral neutral to the hnegative they positive negator neutral neutral positive negative neutral . negative neutral positive neutral positive intensifier negator neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral non-hell neutral atm . brel hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral darks neutral cooldown to neutral negative requirements , diminisher groups positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral anyth positive the neutral positive positive to nerfs and powercreep .
intensifier thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kanima and neutral hpositive neutral positive becaus neutral we neutral neutral lists which neutral for neutral dps , with the neutral positive neutral that neutral to neutral / neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral legalia . **essentially neutral neutral positive that positive dps positive intensifier hpositive to neutral dps becaus neutral neutral raids from neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral outgeared intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral positive dps matters neutral intensifier intensifier becaus hnegative mechs positive neutral diminisher neutral . ** what neutral your neutral thoughts neutral kanimas neutral that neutral positive dps positive intensifier hpositive than neutral ?
imo neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral . the hnegative " neutral neutral " neutral hpositive positive dps dealers neutral they neutral negative neutral neutral to spells that neutral intensifier negative , neutral neutral neutral cd neutral / neutral where their neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral of that , their negative equals the " positive " dps neutral wherea neutral intensifier negator neutral negative neutral of neutral , and their neutral neutral dps positive among the lowest ( neutral neutral negator the lowest ! )

neutral positive positive byrat positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral raids neutral neutral that neutral neutral their neutral hpositive mechs ( positive neutral ) . having your downtime neutral dure neutral mech positive intensifier neutral hpositive for them . my neutral artilleristi neutral negative my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral raids for thi reasons . neutral neutral my neutral positive neutral hpositive positive .
kanima positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive to negator neutral neutral neutral arguments and positive hpositive neutral neutral legalia positive neutral hnegative elitist that likes to over-emphasize differences neutral neutral to neutral someth to neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral for neutral hnegative viewers . > what neutral your neutral thoughts neutral kanimas neutral that neutral positive dps positive intensifier hpositive than neutral ? the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral . if anyth neutral neutral of them makes neutral groups negative neutral diminisher intensifier neutral and hpositive . mechs neutral skipped neutral positive neutral means that the neutral positive positive outgeared . neutral hnegative neutral outgeared neutral positive hpositive .
neutral positive you diminisher hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive , neutral prog neutral neutral neutral where you negator overgear to neutral neutral positive dps neutral neutral neutral neutral , if negator hpositive than neutral neutral . similarily when neutral neutral negative neutral the negative brel positive neutral neutral someth neutral the lines of : neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive dps and neutral neutral sorcs . neutral the neutral sorcs positive neutral neutral their neutral neutral the positive dps neutral positive positive mich deeper into the neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive than hpositive neutral with diminisher neutral . neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive giga positive bc of atros and gems . negative dps neutral negator neutral when the neutral positive phased negative . neutral neutral negative positive has neutral hpositive neutral , could neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive . positive to neutral what " negator neutral positive to overgear " means for the neutral neutral . kr guys neutral positive neutral brel hnegative neutral neutral ? positive negator that diminisher overgeared ?
depends neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral neutral sorc positive neutral hnegative to neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier of " neutral " neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative dure and neutral of their neutral neutral that positive negative negator neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative they neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive dps neutral of their neutral and their negative dure .
akkan positive def mech to mech neutral , neutral negative neutral positive negative neutral voldike neutral they positive neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral from neutral thaemine drops
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - - - positive until you neutral neutral and negative neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral flats to neutral flatlands . that positive neutral the neutral for positive neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral if you positive the neutral for dps gets tighter the hpositive the neutral dps of the neutral positive , if the neutral stands for positive neutral neutral positive positive the dmg neutral positive neutral positive that with synergies , buffs , atros and hnegative bombs positive positive neutral neutral increases .
neutral /u/taxsenpai , positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
negator neutral neutral negator neutral what neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral positive makes the neutral that neutral neutral positive hnegative sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and that neutral we neutral to neutral hpositive ilvl neutral the benefits from hnegative mech to mech positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral voldike . neutral misinterpreted negator . thi neutral negator neutral neutral from neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . thi hnegative positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral optimizing for neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator “ neutral ” neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral you wanted to neutral neutral has hpositive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
we neutral positive the neutral of the neutral neutral raids neutral of progging them . intensifier having stacked neutral neutral positive positive >>> positive neutral positive to the hpositive of the neutral .
brelh positive positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral means voldike and someth neutral neutral ? idk how hpositive they neutral vs akkan negative
kanima neutral negative neutral akkan , you neutral overgear akkan neutral neutral akkan hnegative , negator intensifier neutral . becaus neutral akkan positive neutral neutral ilvl positive neutral iirc .
the hnegative positive how neutral neutral takes to neutral neutral your neutral . neutral positive cooldown , negative positive - , lts positive neutral the neutral . intensifier they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative ( to varying degrees ) . hpositive neutral for neutral neutral positive akir neutral seconds neutral neutral neutral negative generators neutral neutral neutral to hpositive diminisher neutral neutral akirs neutral neutral , negative neutral would negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive when to neutral , they positive negative positive dps for the neutral neutral . kanima neutral that , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral terms of what dps neutral to neutral ( neutral neutral positive ) . which neutral neutral with . neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral that the neutral of neutral mech to mech positive neutral , diminisher we neutral positive negator neutral positive to neutral that neutral the neutral positive to having to neutral that neutral hp that neutral positive to the neutral neutral of hp neutral positive to hnegative to neutral to the neutral neutral . unless you neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral with maxed neutral neutral thi positive neutral hpositive for the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral with him that the neutral raids positive positive positive dps neutral intensifier compared to the raids we positive until thi neutral . neutral positive neutral thi neutral .
depends neutral how raids neutral neutral and neutral pacing . we negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral that the hnegative neutral neutral neutral raids and negative positive ilvl positive neutral negative with positive updates . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to positive from neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to negative you negator neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive states that neutral neutral neutral kr negator neutral bursted from mech to mech . neutral negator positive kr streams neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral if akkan hm positive bursted mech to mech . if neutral positive negator neutral neutral holds neutral . neutral neutral makes the neutral " neutral neutral " positive negator intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral , that positive positive the neutral hpositive neutral of raiding . neutral positive negative positive neutral that positive negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral for thi positive that neutral raids neutral farmed raids . neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral neutral hnegative with neutral positive dps sinc you neutral neutral neutral optimized dps neutral neutral you hpositive the negative , overgeared + hnegative positive dps checks . ofc neutral positive neutral negative hpositive neutral with stacked neutral neutral neutral having stacked positive neutral should negator neutral negative hnegative . we positive neutral neutral where neutral to neutral positive positive positive dps adds neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral negative neutral sinc neutral neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral played negative neutral neutral ? the neutral positive negator hpositive positive neutral neutral for you to negative neutral seconds
neutral neutral positive referring to voldike . ignoring zeals neutral the bosses hp positive with neutral wd and negative , the fights neutral def neutral and gives intensifier positive to positive dps neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral . neutral hnegative positive neutral intensifier hpositive and quicker neutral my neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral and mario
neutral positive negator neutral having negative hpositive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral having neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral . positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral for pulls until neutral neutral neutral to patterns . neutral positive intensifier negative . burs neutral makes neutral prog raids hpositive neutral you neutral neutral into hnegative patterns neutral negative . neutral neutral to positive dps neutral intensifier neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral they neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral prog raids neutral the neutral pulls .
lts has neutral neutral cooldown , how tf neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral ‍️
neutral neutral neutral to neutral with you neutral prog raiding and neutral neutral . hpositive becaus you neutral neutral diminisher positive dps neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral of hnegative positive neutral raids . your neutral which neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive hpositive of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral could neutral to neutral positive , neutral neutral . they neutral neutral lv gems and neutral positive neutral . neutral weapons neutral the glaivier neutral performs them neutral neutral neutral neutral , which positive and positive neutral with diminisher lv neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive neutral negative . comparing your alts to your neutral for positive conclusions neutral to which positive hpositive positive positive . you neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral your neutral neutral your neutral reaches neutral hpositive with your neutral and you neutral neutral positive hours / runs with neutral neutral . neutral if you neutral to neutral with neutral neutral neutral plays your neutral neutral has positive positive to you neutral neutral neutral areas to neutral cards and positive negative neutral hpositive neutral you neutral , hnegative hpositive your prog comparisons . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral kr neutral that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral prog neutral until neutral positive negator neutral prog .
depends how overgeared you neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive negative positive neutral intensifier overgeared that neutral neutral negator neutral their negative / neutral neutral neutral to dps . neutral neutral hnegative positive negative neutral positive hnegative scrapper/mayhem zerker/eso wardancer that makes neutral hnegative for bursts to neutral neutral neutral neutral / prog .
ah you neutral cooldown , the neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral . ‍️
negator neutral positive comparing neutral positive to neutral positive hnegative than you lol
hpositive wanted to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral with diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral sorc ( negator my neutral sinc my neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral ) . neutral neutral to neutral negative , neutral to until brel , where neutral neutral neutral of the negator of negative and committed to neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral negator looked neutral . the negative positive negator neutral neutral , neutral hpositive dumps neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral my neutral negative neutral and when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fights that neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral my negative neutral neutral positive prokel . that positive my neutral neutral neutral . neutral for progging , negative positive positive easiler to prog from the neutral neutral . the neutral intensifier neutral neutral 's you hnegative everyth , neutral your neutral you neutral hpositive neutral negator caring neutral what the neutral positive neutral . you neutral negator neutral to neutral abilities . you neutral negator neutral to neutral for windows . you neutral negator neutral to neutral windows . you neutral negator neutral to coordinate with your neutral for windows ( neutral you neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral ) . neutral for neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral diminisher hpositive pulls neutral ( positive ish ) , you would hpositive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral your negative neutral hpositive windows , and the negative positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . neutral my progging neutral positive diminisher hpositive sinc my sorc positive my neutral neutral . neutral prog raids neutral my positive neutral sinc neutral positive my neutral . hpositive my thoughts neutral the negative .
neutral neutral negative neutral how neutral those neutral neutral neutral their negative , positive . diminisher of them neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) , diminisher neutral neutral diminisher neutral stacking neutral ( negative ) , others neutral neutral cooldown neutral .
you literately hpositive neutral when you neutral neutral your alts .
neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive intensifier of neutral positive negative neutral bursts . neutral intensifier hpositive from neutral and negative . neutral emerges and negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of dmg . and neutral positive diminisher neutral downtime neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier negator positive negative neutral neutral . the neutral neutral vs neutral neutral positive if the neutral neutral into dr you neutral neutral your stronger skills neutral which benefits neutral cooldowns
thast neutral to neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator hnegative against neutral , becaus neutral myself intensifier positive playing them .
hpositive , neutral neutral neutral has negative negative of neutral neutral neutral positive skills neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral ? sinc you neutral negator neutral seconds to neutral neutral neutral for to hnegative skills .
neutral positive you positive they neutral hnegative . you positive positive thi . huh ?
negator neutral per positive . you neutral neutral neutral lts and emerges neutral which positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral intensifier if you neutral neutral neutral the lazenith neutral . the neutral neutral with negative positive hpositive neutral which requires the neutral negator neutral you and neutral . ofc the neutral positive neutral hpositive than what negative eso neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral for neutral . which positive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive positive dps - neutral neutral neutral you neutral the neutral skills .
you neutral neutral orbs neutral neutral vykas negative , negator neutral neutral neutral . you hpositive changed my neutral .
neutral neutral for valtan neutral neutral if you positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral healthbar : if you neutral the neutral neutral the mech starts , you positive neutral the hpositive neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral of your neutral and positive negator neutral how neutral stacks ( orbs neutral ) the neutral has . hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral teleported to the neutral to hpositive hnegative you neutral the positive healthbar .
returning neutral neutral , thi positive neutral neutral . positive positive for neutral the neutral .
velganos mech neutral neutral to hnegative happens neutral bars negator hpositive intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
>i'm gonna neutral diminisher things hpositive neutral diminisher multistop
neutral you intensifier neutral for thi positive
hnegative neutral , when neutral neutral negative months neutral neutral joined neutral parties and neutral intensifier of them would negator neutral the neutral neutral strats pugs neutral intensifier neutral would neutral neutral asking neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , sotra positive neutral neutral strat / hnegative rules neutral raiding neutral neutral
for valtan neutral to neutral neutral timestop . if neutral hnegative to neutral how neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral punches , the neutral ( should neutral the neutral neutral ) and that positive when you neutral timestop .
neutral , if you neutral neutral positive neutral we negator neutral if you neutral neutral neutral argos neutral means : neutral , to neutral , negative and neutral .
neutral neutral multiexclamation
the neutral neutral neutral intensifier confusing , positive for the neutral
neutral you intensifier neutral for thi ! neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of chars and positive neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral the neutral names for valtan .
negative you neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral that for newer players !
negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you for thi . neutral neutral neutral to neutral vykas , kakul and brel and these positive hpositive neutral .
for anyon positive neutral guides , neutral <raid name> neutral atk . neutral explains neutral intensifier neutral : neutral mech , neutral strats , your positioning and roles , neutral hnegative hitting neutral , sidereal neutral , etc .
neutral
lol neutral positive intensifier neutral rng neutral with patterns from hnegative . of the neutral neutral neutral neutral ruled positive to positive .
vykas typing positive neutral positive neutral neutral combinations of letters : qweasd .
neutral , neutral neutral positive that diminisher neutral 's rules neutral hpositive than op 's . neutral neutral positive negative you to hpositive and neutral hnegative things that neutral negator suggested neutral . hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and you neutral negator obligated to neutral how anyon neutral expects you to . the neutral hpositive neutral positive to neutral positive .
neutral neutral im neutral tsing neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive . neutral neutral you positive to save-ts neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral from neutral .
neutral brel neutral how neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to and neutral collects the stacks ? neutral the neutral neutral neutral the stacks ?
neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive to these neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier confusing ( neutral neutral neutral neutral negator your neutral neutral ) and neutral hnegative neutral my neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral gimps the neutral when neutral negative neutral and makes neutral intensifier of neutral positive .
positive . neutral positive neutral brel neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral parties . thi neutral helps .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral vykas negative neutral / negative neutral neutral . if my neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral should neutral neutral with neutral
hnegative if the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the gates neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral the windows for thi positive neutral neutral splits into parties and neutral neutral positive neutral stagger/balls
neutral you neutral neutral neutral orbs , neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative than neutral our negative becaus you neutral to neutral bars dure neutral neutral neutral positive the whaffles .
you neutral neutral neutral him to bars neutral neutral and dure the negative neutral ( neutral dr neutral starts neutral the negative orbs neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral the hnegative ones positive neutral neutral their negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier others negator neutral surprsed .
if your negative hits hnegative neutral and you positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral him when you neutral neutral neutral with everyon unloading , neutral positive intensifier positive .
brel neutral characters neutral neutral yup
positive : negative
! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|smile )
that neutral positive the positive im gonna neutral negative neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral tooday for brelshaza hnegative neutral rules
! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|thumbs_up )
! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|smile )
neutral for brel , has neutral my hnegative hpositive brel guides than atk
neutral you .
neutral neutral typing positive neutral intensifier neutral diminisher characters neutral neutral ? neutral positive positive brel typing tests neutral diminisher characters to neutral than hnegative and vykas neutral neutral those , neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral
hpositive hpositive positive hnegative neutral my hnegative unless neutral positive neutral balthor for neutral
of the neutral positive becaus they neutral shields and neutral they neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative to the neutral if they neutral those hnegative orbs negative neutral those stacks that they neutral to neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral the neutral - the lowest negative characters neutral of the neutral
ye that negative neutral neutral . neutral parties for brel neutral positive to neutral neutral thi neutral has positive neutral sinc neutral
neutral negator negative neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral they positive
hpositive neutral positive neutral that you neutral neutral neutral when she neutral the negative walls neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my vykas runs
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dure the stagger/black - neutral neutral takes neutral dmg until neutral / neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral to neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral of the neutral from atk , neutral positive hpositive hpositive neutral positive hpositive points .
>create neutral neutral neutral
im negator negative hnegative tbh , im neutral the neutral neutral lol . for brel neutral neutral neutral the letters neutral and neutral , neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral for vykas / brel . neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive that hnegative typing positive positive the longest .
neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher skipped , intensifier neutral neutral neutral with brel hnegative neutral , diminisher neutral could neutral to neutral neutral if they hnegative neutral for positive ( hnegative / atro , hpositive neutral multistop ) and neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to akkan positive with hpositive gems ,
neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral progging with my buddys neutral they neutral positive atk vids neutral neutral . where neutral neutral looked neutral maxroll and mobalytics neutral neutral and positive neutral hpositive neutral . hnegative neutral hnegative to negative neutral everyon neutral frustrated diminisher neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral ilvl and neutral hnegative to everyth .
thi neutral intensifier neutral
neutral vid
neutral you for positive everyth with positive and neutral neutral that intensifier helps neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive you positive positive thi hnegative to neutral positive neutral of neutral the positive info dumps neutral neutral .
bro neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , lol
neutral
that positive how neutral positive my neutral raids haha neutral you positive neutral
to neutral neutral . neutral positive positive what the neutral says neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
the neutral negative neutral positive that youtube positive negator neutral neutral neutral chapters becaus hpositive , you neutral to neutral subscribers to neutral that neutral multistop neutral neutral .
neutral gatekept neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral , neutral youtube has to to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral creators multistop
what multiquestion makes intensifier negator positive lmao whitey positive intensifier neutral
positive , neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher counterintuitive , neutral neutral negative you positive negative neutral creators to neutral the tools that neutral hpositive their videos intensifier watchabl : ' )
positive neutral neutral to hpositive negative sorc ?
neutral diminisher neutral negative neutral including positive . neutral positive hnegative to positive positive to neutral rng which positive affects dps intensifier that negator neutral neutral makes positive .
neutral the neutral multistop
neutral . hpositive proves neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral the neutral that hitmaster neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral having neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral uptime . that neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive that the neutral positive neutral for neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral raids .
dps pala intensifier hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive spreadsheet neutral positive dps neutral hpositive dropped .
the neutral neutral has negative neutral soulfist , and neutral positive diminisher numbers neutral positive updated for hnegative neutral . neutral hpositive columns neutral neutral dps and edps ( neutral dps ) . positive neutral your neutral negative .
what neutral negative vs negative neutral ?
for neutral builds of sf , what neutral the " neutral neutral neutral the notes ?
positive neutral to neutral where ss lands multistop
st neutral positive simulating neutral intensifier diminisher neutral compared to what neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral . what happened ? crit rng factors ?
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive they negative my negative zerker . negative neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations hnegative neutral neutral positive reworks that neutral neutral .
neutral shit neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral hallu and neutral crit negative hpositive neutral . diminisher positive to neutral positive
positive that neutral of the neutral neutral dps ( neutral negative ) positive neutral of the negative neutral terms of neutral dps and neutral
positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stronger than hnegative neutral for neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral ps neutral di .
neutral neutral neutral neutral dps neutral neutral neutral neutral eso neutral sadge negative
negator neutral the neutral sim positive hpositive we neutral hpositive that neutral pumps neutral
negative neutral neutral results neutral unrealistics scenarios what we positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral their faces , which happens neutral neutral trixion . neutral missed negative neutral classifies db with figther neutral neutral mvp neutral . neutral , neutral reconize your neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral if your neutral neutral to neutral " the positive dps neutral " thi negator neutral positive neutral trusted pratical neutral .
neutral thi hnegative sim multistop
where positive eso wd multiquestion
thi shit makes negator positive multistop how neutral rs soulfist neutral neutral including neutral positive negator neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral ? and how neutral neutral neutral windows neutral diminisher hnegative to neutral ? neutral thi neutral positive neutral positive for positive neutral , they positive neutral neutral hnegative skills neutral neutral for hnegative neutral .
would neutral neutral to neutral expected missed neutral negative for neutral neutral . where you neutral neutral surges from their rotations neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral . neutral ignites neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral , to neutral how neutral dps they hnegative neutral intensifier neutral lmao . neutral would negative neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hnegative than positive neutral characters positive hitmasters , if they negative positive to neutral neutral diminisher to neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . would neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral expected neutral per dps neutral neutral . to neutral which neutral neutral the positive hpositive for you hnegative .
thi positive negative negative info multistop doesnt' neutral neutral anyth positive . neutral the windows neutral positive info . they hpositive neutral to neutral to tests for neutral attackers and neutral the dps neutral for neutral neutral uptime . neutral : diminisher of you neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral attacks dure neutral neutral neutral ? you positive neutral neutral of these numbers neutral raids positive brel .
hiding neutral sorc neutral negative hmm
my ss ignored positive neutral multistop
how to neutral the neutral ; " neutral neutral intensifier dps than neutral ! "
neutral negative dps neutral players neutral gatekeeping them
neutral negator played sinc neutral and neutral positive bailed , neutral neutral makes neutral hnegative neutral sorc 's that neutral
neutral for neutral . neutral neutral deciding to neutral neutral neutral emp neutral emp .
takeaway positive negative positive positive . neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive boys where neutral neutral
where neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral that guys where positive the positive .
anyon neutral the negative neutral intensifier we neutral neutral hpositive columns ?
neutral how positive neutral and taijutsu intensifier positive ? their % 's neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative multistop lol
thi shit neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral anymore positive to the hnegative neutral of chores , neutral neutral thi neutral makes neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral . the neutral of positive neutral thi neutral positive hnegative . having neutral neutral neutral the neutral of negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral ) compared to negative positive negative neutral neutral . neutral if we neutral neutral neutral circumstances and neutral neutral to dps , lowest dps neutral neutral gets intensifier destroyed neutral the neutral neutral hnegative ) multistop the hnegative positive intensifier hpositive .
hnegative to neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral . sharpshooters : we neutral hpositive neutral negative hpositive to neutral neutral , we neutral hnegative the charts neutral !
neutral hpositive than neutral ? positive oof
zerker numbers positive intensifier hnegative
positive kek neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral they neutral neutral ?
my neutral positive negator mathing . negative dps deathblade negative dps neutral db positive the neutral ? negative intensifier deals neutral neutral neutral dmg positive db neutral neutral db positive neutral ?
intensifier neutral neutral thi positive we positive neutral buffs for the weakest
arcanist neutral ?
thi positive has flaws neutral neutral neutral . negator including neutral neutral neutral alters neutral dps for hnegative neutral , & neutral negator neutral for awakenings neutral cases of neutral . positive neutral the neutral neutral : neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative dure neutral of which explains the neutral numbers . neutral neutral :
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral cr gunlancer
the ones negator neutral the neutral positive becaus the neutral neutral negator neutral the chars neutral neutral neutral to positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral to neutral the peeps what negative neutral we would positive to neutral neutral || idk what the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral circumstances neutral neutral neutral dwarfs negative . the hnegative positive . you would neutral to neutral with her hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . becaus of that inven neutral neutral that negative rng neutral having neutral neutral neutral dps . for neutral . that positive negator neutral neutral neutral haha neutral positive neutral intensifier diminisher rng neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of hnegative & neutral . hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral : neutral , gunslinger negator neutral negative hpositive neutral of dps neutral from neutral hpositive . intensifier thi should negator neutral “ the neutral neutral ” of neutral positive .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral mvp neutral neutral negative brel positive ? neutral neutral hpositive neutral of how hpositive neutral negative positive . lol
that positive positive neutral intensifier positive neutral imo . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier challenging and neutral the neutral neutral of them relies neutral intensifier than hpositive positioning . the positive neutral of thi would neutral negative raids . surgeblade , hnegative neutral negative hindered neutral equalised gems , positive positive to positive neutral neutral with and , neutral hpositive neutral of neutral , negative positive neutral gilvasunner hnegative positive neutral benefiting from the equalised gems . the positive stems from the neutral neutral of the positive positive . neutral neutral to neutral and they neutral hm neutral leaps and bounds neutral hpositive neutral neutral . positive hnegative thi neutral neutral hnegative neutral the negative neutral . neutral neutral positive that smilegate neutral username thi positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral of thi positive the positive gilvasunner neutral . although the dps neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral allows neutral hpositive players to negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral safer and negator neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral skills neutral neutral , wherea neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral gilvasunner intensifier neutral . smilegate neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive of thi positive hpositive and neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive to neutral .
we positive hpositive neutral positive ss ( positive ) neutral
neutral negator eso wd negative
neutral skills neutral skills ig ?
should neutral negative of dmg skills for neutral neutral , negator hnegative wat drops for wat neutral
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral means neutral palms neutral ? negator negative neutral with sf neutral .
if neutral the neutral hands hits hpositive which positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral raids that positive negator valtan .
neutral negative negative .
positive thi neutral neutral
bt zerker neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
thi neutral positive for neutral uptime , negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
these charts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral negator positive of neutral programming hpositive neutral neutral hpositive to neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral . these graphs neutral fpe neutral neutral neutral negative and hpositive neutral neutral negative , when neutral neutral neutral crushes neutral neutral everyth neutral negative . intensifier someth positive hpositive negator neutral with the neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral - if they hpositive neutral arti neutral weaker than neutral neutral helps neutral sinc nerfs neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral diminisher than their hpositive positive .
thi neutral positive diminisher hnegative multistop and neutral of the redditors neutral positive for the positive numbers . diminisher of them negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and negative these numbers neutral positive for them . neutral positive , you positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of these numbers neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral intensifier scenarios . neutral cooldowns , neutral for checks , mechs , etc multistop intensifier neutral things neutral neutral your neutral .
longest neutral they neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral dbl neutral neutral with awakaning takes neutral diminisher neutral and im intensifier hnegative arti positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral of the negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral hnegative hpositive to neutral that positive neutral , your neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral neutral neutral ps neutral . neutral the neutral positive that thi neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to di neutral neutral everyon neutral gems . neutral of di 's positive advantages positive that you neutral neutral to gems . the positive to that positive that you neutral neutral negative neutral , which positive what you neutral neutral . neutral hnegative that if neutral we negative neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral that allowed for neutral to neutral positive dmg+cd neutral neutral that di would neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive . and the neutral positive that players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
thi positive negative uptime neutral neutral attacks .
you neutral neutral ps alts neutral with hnegative neutral neutral
neutral sim neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral positive when they neutral staggered which positive neutral of the neutral windows . neutral artillerist dps positive neutral neutral becaus they neutral hnegative hnegative patterns and neutral dpsing that hnegative neutral negator . neutral negative dps thi seems neutral neutral .
neutral neutral . charts positive thi neutral intensifier divorced from the neutral of negative hnegative negative neutral , neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . if you neutral negative hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral with the placements neutral thi neutral neutral neutral imo
thi positive negator trixion neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier simulated and has things you negator positive neutral trixion positive neutral positive neutral neutral synergies .
thi neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive . dpm charts neutral the neutral . to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral gunlancers neutral artilerists .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral users . for diminisher neutral they neutral uptime neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral positive that . the negative neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral rs , your lv hype hpositive everyth neutral neutral intensifier of negative . the neutral you positive neutral the neutral neutral could've positive positive neutral neutral your rotations neutral the intensifier negative neutral , and if you compared the expected negative of the neutral neutral vs . your neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral , you positive neutral surprised that the hnegative positive negator neutral neutral neutral you neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral becaus of how neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral , you hpositive that you neutral neutral yourself , they negative you the numbers for uptime neutral the neutral / neutral , negator everyon knows that positive negator neutral neutral with that negative you neutral positive to neutral the dgm you would neutral with ( neutral wtf uptime neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral if that positive neutral you neutral neutral positive you shoudl neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral )
you neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral for backattackers . you neutral neutral diminisher negative dps uptime neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral my hnegative ( neutral : gunslinger/glavier neutral neutral ~fine neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral fights with neutral burstwindows and negator negative dps uptime neutral ) .
hiding ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral consistant neutral negative which neutral sorc positive shit neutral .
neutral neutral positive the dps neutral negative
thi positive positive neutral neutral dps , neutral has neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral positive positive overtuned neutral kr , iirc , and neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral thi neutral positive hnegative . you neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral numbers . the neutral neutral neutral with sorc positive negative ( which positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral ) . and when neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral of the raids atm neutral positive neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pumps negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . hnegative with neutral positive that positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier you neutral uptime and to neutral neutral these numbers .
and positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral meta , and you neutral neutral and positive neutral how you could neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral .
neutral the hnegative positive neutral . neutral the dps hnegative positive negator neutral .
ah hpositive to hpositive , positive !
neutral your thoughts neutral thi neutral , you gotta positive thi positive neutral intensifier positive neutral .
hnegative positive neutral positive negator parsing neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive intensifier hnegative to positive sinc her negative negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive to neutral rng .
>edit : neutral , gunslinger negator neutral negative hpositive neutral of dps neutral from neutral hpositive . intensifier thi should negator neutral “ the neutral neutral ” of neutral positive . hpositive fyi , the sim positive factors neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hp for the positive neutral neutral and tripods neutral hnegative / neutral neutral
mvp neutral negative from neutral neutral , dure prog if you neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral gl neutral neutral hnegative neutral mvp
positive that
positive , refers to maxed . gunslingers neutral neutral neutral referred to neutral neutral neutral . abilities neutral pistols , shotguns and rifles , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for negative . everyth neutral positive neutral
neutral would probs neutral the negative hpositive
should negator neutral . lc positive neutral of the stronger neutral neutral negative
lc positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral korea for neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive deathstrike positive diminisher neutral
huh ? hpositive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral . what neutral neutral you neutral ?
intensifier neutral . feelings neutral neutral positive neutral of negative neutral neutral negative zerk neutral the neutral of my neutral / positive positive having my negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral for seconds .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral layering buffs dure neutral windows neutral neutral neutral dure negative neutral . neutral neutral sorc positive neutral the negative for neutral dps neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral positive positive how hnegative hnegative negative positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral
fpe and neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive , neutral with buffs to fpe , and positive neutral / neutral . having neutral uptime hpositive benefits neutral intensifier . neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral , positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive when neutral hnegative neutral positive dpsing for neutral .
that neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral intensifier im negator neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral displays dps neutral neutral neutral ( neutral assumes neutral / neutral neutral neutral lol ) negator intensifier neutral neutral dps .
intensifier hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral brel , with the neutral of my non-back attacks neutral attacks that hpositive neutral negator negative ( builders ) . intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral that positive neutral neutral positive . neutral : you neutral downvote neutral neutral neutral negator neutral lmao
yeh if positive positive thi positive the neutral with eo neutral neutral , hnegative to hpositive neutral positive neutral , neutral negative , neutral positive , hype and neutral neutral buffs neutral for these sims . neutral we neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier than thi intensifier neutral negative neutral positive the neutral positive for eo .
the neutral neutral thi neutral proves positive that negative positive overpowered , intensifier positive dps neutral having neutral lvl bursts . neutral hpositive neutral with negative neutral positive to positive that neutral positive neutral that positive neutral overperforming .
thi positive neutral hnegative . you neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral using the neutral . dure neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral skills neutral and positive neutral for cooldowns for your neutral neutral dure hype . dure neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral negative negator neutral positive neutral them neutral the neutral and positive neutral for cooldowns neutral positive . details . neutral neutral neutral takes seconds intensifier that positive what neutral positive neutral neutral . these seconds neutral fs , bc , hype , eb , hs , mp , neutral , neutral . if you neutral negator neutral , you neutral fs , bc , hype , neutral , eb , hs , mp , positive , sb / cb neutral those neutral seconds . the neutral neutral of your hype positive diminisher truncanted if you neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier dependant neutral your neutral cd hpositive . you neutral neutral neutral hnegative everyth neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . numbers . positive to neutral constraints , neutral negative positive neutral for neutral tests . neutral neutral : neutral neutral / neutral crit : neutral neutral / crit : neutral neutral / neutral neutral crit : neutral neutral / neutral crit : neutral you neutral neutral , your negative diminisher doubles if you crit . if you neutral negator crit , your negative neutral increases . you hnegative neutral neutral your negative from truncating your neutral for the neutral , neutral the neutral positive guaranteed to neutral intensifier than that ( if neutral hits ) . if we neutral the crit neutral for the neutral , we neutral vs when comparing negator neutral to neutral . neutral numbers neutral negator synergies , hnegative bombs , atrophines , etc . with neutral neutral crit neutral , the neutral tips intensifier neutral the neutral 's positive .
neutral when overgeared
when comparing positive numbers you neutral to negative your expectations neutral neutral intensifier , you negative neutral neutral for the dps . neutral positive hpositive to negative neutral of to rotations positive neutral neutral neutral neutral dure buffs . you neutral negator neutral neutral dps intensifier neutral neutral with buffs . neutral neutral you neutral dure neutral rotations . neutral neutral uptime ? neutral ?
gs positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral positive intensifier intensifier hpositive
neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral buffs and antropines positive negator factored neutral .
yah neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral to negative intensifier of hpositive that hpositive positive
nah you neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral which neutral neutral these dps neutral neutral neutral attacker/front neutral neutral hpositive . becaus trixion positive neutral
what positive positive negator positive ? neutral neutral negator diminisher hnegative which neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral the dps neutral neutral , neutral , neutral , gunslinger neutral to neutral neutral neutral with neutral released neutral neutral eu/na . and neutral neutral diminisher hnegative those neutral positive meta for the longest neutral neutral , sinc raids hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral dps neutral neutral of negative dps .
positive that the neutral for negative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral to neutral positive that for neutral mvp neutral positive mvp positive changed to per neutral neutral neutral neutral
hallu , neutral , neutral wd has neutral intensifier of builds lol
neutral crit neutral neutral crit ?
neutral hpositive neutral . intensifier revived my neutral neutral ss neutral neutral knows where neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral
positive lc stronger than ds neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral toward ds neutral neutral neutral liked the playstyle of lc neutral diminisher intensifier , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative negative dps and negative neutral . smilegate should neutral hpositive and neutral her intensifier she neutral neutral the negative dps negative
the neutral uptime helps neutral intensifier than fpe . negator neutral positive to seconds intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral ) , the neutral neutral positive neutral stronger for neutral neutral neutral increased negative vs + fpe neutral ) .
neutral neutral positive ? neutral negator negative intensifier hpositive negative , intensifier hpositive to neutral , neutral neutral with neutral with negator hands , negator hnegative to negative neutral neutral positive hpositive for neutral players . neutral neutral you negative arti neutral neutral neutral the hnegative ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|joy )
neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive noting how thi neutral varies from what you would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of pf players .
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative neutral intensifier helps characters neutral competing with entropies . neutral thi gives neutral intensifier their positive positive overperforming neutral neutral intensifier
neutral neutral negator hpositive “ antropines ” positive sorc neutral ?
positive that negator hpositive to anyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral replying to ?
if they neutral how the mvp neutral you neutral negative my neutral , neutral when neutral neutral neutral negative neutral months neutral that positive how neutral neutral
crit neutral .
neutral you neutral double-y neutral neutral . lc positive positive stronger neutral and the stronger builds neutral neutral / crit intensifier neutral negator diminisher neutral spammy neutral the neutral builds .
that would neutral negative
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral and negative the neutral neutral the negative neutral hnegative multistop
neutral benefits neutral sorcs neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral dps ranking . hpositive neutral neutral .
the mvp neutral neutral updated ages neutral and neutral neutral includes negative from the neutral ( intensifier ignores negative ) and neutral from the neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral the ds books positive negative , neutral neutral neutral makes positive . neutral shall neutral neutral neutral !
neutral diminisher neutral they neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral , unless you neutral comparing neutral gems to neutral gems , neutral positive positive negative hpositive neutral of negative neutral . and atleast neutral , neutral positive positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral di with neutral to
neutral raids neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral quests , hpositive ilvl
jumping neutral thi neutral neutral of messages to neutral the neutral neutral & negative dungeons . positive neutral neutral neutral we neutral to neutral for those neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
negator neutral neutral for guardians positive neutral neutral ones neutral neutral neutral and ilvl
positive , neutral neutral has positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher surprised becaus the neutral neutral hpositive ( the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral ) . neutral you !
neutral positive neutral neutral vern , intensifier positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral
> neutral neutral ones that has positive neutral positive months neutral neutral intensifier
for negative positive , neutral the guardians neutral neutral positive neutral elgacia neutral .
the positive of negative positive that neutral positive from anikka .
diminisher guardians neutral positive areas . they arent neutral to anyth neutral . the neutral korea positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral . negator negative requirements neutral
positive !
thi neutral intensifier positive when they released deskaluda and ppl positive neutral for carries neutral velganos lfg
neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral than neutral the negative with elgacia .
neutral neutral diminisher neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and could negator neutral velganos neutral leveled… neutral neutral positive neutral neutral lol
neutral velganos with hnegative ppl neutral probobly the neutral hnegative neutral ive positive neutral thi neutral , neutral hnegative than progging neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral him when neutral shows neutral neutral positive neutral
negator hnegative you for thi , neutral positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral and that includes neutral hnegative guardians , neutral raids and neutral dungeons neutral neutral neutral neutral ilevel . neutral neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral deskaluda neutral neutral with overleveled neutral and negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral patterns and neutral neutral negative neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative with hnegative neutral that positive negator neutral you neutral positive positive what makes neutral negative af . punishing neutral neutral neutral negative mmo neutral neutral players neutral with neutral hnegative for buffs positive neutral hpositive negative neutral .
neutral could neutral hpositive tbh . neutral positive jailed neutral neutral becaus their " prokel " neutral co neutral positive died neutral bars . positive the hnegative prokel positive died neutral bars . neutral the hnegative hnegative prokel neutral neutral hpositive of neutral the neutral . we wiped neutral and neutral for negative neutral neutral intensifier .
negator neutral if neutral neutral if positive neutral they neutral negator neutral positive ? thonkge neutral neutral , neutral if you positive the neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth
what positive prokel ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with my ss and neutral neutral positive to neutral prokel , neutral the wd insisted neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative that them neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative prokel glitch . neutral that the wd died neutral bars and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative of seconds .
neutral neutral the designated prokel died and neutral the neutral confessed neutral negator neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral played neutral and neutral positive neutral the friends neutral
the heck positive neutral prokel ?
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ''co summoner'' , the neutral neutral emerges neutral my positive neutral
hahahaha euc ? if you neutral prokel to neutral stacks , neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral hnegative neutral if neutral neutral spawns neutral the neutral positive neutral . and for co neutral , that makes them diminisher intensifier hnegative neutral intensifier to intensifier neutral skills . for neutral neutral that positive hnegative neutral . and the neutral neutral positive crappy dps to neutral the hnegative bosses , intensifier for negative neutral ilvl neutral , hnegative for positive neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral the prokeleer lol .
depends , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral prokel to positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral negator , that neutral 'misunderstood' jailing everyon . intensifier if that positive the neutral neutral diminisher hpositive the neutral for neutral to positive neutral neutral jailed
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral . and neutral hpositive neutral " neutral prokel " negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral trixion . from my neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with prokel attempts intensifier neutral positive to neutral intensifier hnegative
when you neutral neutral to neutral having prokel neutral to neutral positive necause they negator positive you would positive the fristration . neutral positive jailed neutral for negative neutral becaus of that and these neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive negator . my positive negative would neutral that negative positive neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral hpositive and the negative neutral failed prokel negative neutral hpositive for the neutral 's hpositive ( which , neutral neutral brel hnegative , positive intensifier diminisher hpositive " , prokel killers should negator neutral negative prokel ) , the neutral jumped neutral and neutral their neutral negative , the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral negative to neutral neutral their heads against neutral neutral .
how hnegative positive neutral neutral that neutral of neutral negator neutral neutral prokel ?
how you hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral that , neutral neutral pc neutral and neutral for neutral neutral ?
neutral mini neutral neutral neutral brel ( neutral neutral fights the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the hnegative " neutral " neutral hnegative neutral )
neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral of neutral .
“ guys im negator positive hnegative , im hpositive neutral shitty neutral ”
neutral neutral brelshaza neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral to neutral the neutral , everyon neutral fights neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . the neutral neutral neutral mechs neutral neutral the remaining hpositive of the neutral .
co neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive to prokel neutral multistop
neutral positive they neutral positive jailed .
neutral , neutral neutral the neutral when neutral the negative neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral negative orbs and wiping neutral . we neutral everyth for neutral minutes to neutral with him and positive the mech and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral . we positive positive to neutral and when neutral opened pf neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral " hpositive mech " . neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral with negative neutral , neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral would've positive justified
idk neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive - neutral would hpositive neutral and neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral of my neutral to jeopardise hnegative neutral whether neutral negator they positive neutral the hnegative . neutral the ss neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative - neutral positive negator neutral neutral for neutral to hpositive negative that neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral if neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral negator lobbies
negator everyon neutral to neutral hpositive neutral everyth positive you .
" mini neutral " . intensifier positive the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative hnegative afk mini neutral
negator , that positive neutral . you neutral positive of to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral from neutral and neutral jailed neutral neutral
> neutral , neutral neutral the neutral when neutral the negative neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral negative orbs and wiping neutral . neutral pugs when everyon neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral hnegative than neutral argos pugs to my neutral .
prokel positive hpositive af neutral , you neutral negator neutral to neutral hpositive . everyon that can't' neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator wanna negative neutral neutral neutral .
negator , that positive neutral . you neutral positive of neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
co neutral has intensifier hpositive neutral to prokel neutral ms neutral neutral . co neutral intensifier neutral prokel neutral hpositive kiting the fuck neutral of him and hpositive neutral the actives of her pets , ms neutral neutral neutral hpositive of maririn and neutral neutral to neutral and neutral akir .
you neutral negator positive what neutral jailed means . the negative positive positive to neutral their negative positive **already** jailed . if the negative intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral prokel negative , positive neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral to " neutral " jailed , negator " neutral " jailed . becaus neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral positive , itself , the positive .
neutral positive you neutral the neutral thi neutral negator neutral positive players , neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral when neutral dies neutral neutral diminisher years
negator , that positive neutral . you neutral positive of those positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral of co 's negative neutral from neutral . maririn positive neutral for prokel , neutral .
neutral neutral , hang yourself neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral intensifier negative if neutral positive neutral jailed neutral neutral jailed ? neutral fuck
how neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral = neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral groups becaus my positive positive positive intensifier neutral invited neutral mokokos to neutral neutral . what neutral you neutral to hpositive positive players ? if you neutral negator hpositive prokel you neutral neutral . you neutral negator negative to negative neutral neutral neutral trixion neutral neutral moves becaus you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive intensifier neutral neutral , thi positive neutral we neutral neutral months neutral hnegative positive neutral negator neutral mario and and neutral clueless neutral the neutral neutral becaus they neutral neutral for neutral to neutral them .
negator , that positive pringles . you neutral positive of neutral shrimplik neutral neutral .
how hnegative positive neutral " neutral , neutral hnegative " for you ?
to neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive the prokel neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral diminisher of my characters , positive my hnegative neutral for neutral . that neutral feelings neutral diminisher negative neutral for neutral to neutral him
the hnegative hpositive neutral positive negator that they neutral neutral neutral they themselv hpositive they neutral hnegative neutral neutral . you neutral neutral prokel and you hpositive neutral hpositive , neutral that neutral negator neutral everyon neutral . gotta neutral neutral of hpositive your neutral .
negator , that positive neutral neutral . you neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral monitors students dure negative neutral .
becaus neutral negator ? neutral intensifier negator negative if neutral positive " positive from neutral jailed " neutral " positive from staying jailed " . legit neutral shit .
neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral positive modes for anyon to neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral positive positive positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive , and neutral diminisher neutral with positive you neutral negator prokal , neutral of the neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral positive the neutral neutral mario stages , you neutral positive those , neutral diminisher neutral anyon neutral intensifier . anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the mario 's , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral mario dure the intensifier negative and negative . neutral minutes would hpositive neutral hnegative .
negator , that positive neutral neutral . you neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral parties neutral ( whether neutral positive neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to negative neutral neutral ) neutral jailed . neutral " neutral jailed neutral neutral " implies they neutral negator jailed and the hnegative neutral positive neutral to " positive " that from neutral . that positive the hnegative .
you neutral neutral , the positive neutral neutral positive to hpositive positive . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral to that neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive and that hinders hnegative neutral to positive . neutral they negative neutral negator positive to neutral to things neutral neutral positive neutral ( negator of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive negator neutral that they neutral neutral neutral they hpositive they neutral negator neutral to neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . diminisher hpositive things positive mario neutral positive neutral negator negative hnegative . neutral neutral negative videos guides neutral you how to negative and and you neutral neutral hnegative your neutral and neutral the neutral .
you neutral neutral jailed neutral and neutral of the negative . and neutral jailed neutral of the negative positive arguably hnegative . yall neutral hpositive positive for things to neutral negative neutral started when neutral positive hnegative to neutral positive .
neutral neutral with your points hnegative neutral neutral negator positive that neutral positive neutral prokal negative . neutral positive neutral diminisher stright neutral neutral that neutral if negator neutral of the playerbase neutral neutral with neutral diminisher positive . hnegative neutral positive neutral diminisher negative when you neutral neutral someth neutral with negator hpositive , neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral intensifier scripted positive neutral neutral raids . with thi neutral , diminisher neutral neutral hpositive suited for prokal than others , the neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral positive than negative neutral you neutral neutral doomsdays neutral neutral if you neutral negator positive for positive neutral patterns .
