**mirrors / / neutral angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/mma ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
that neutral neutral would hpositive neutral neutral intensifier mma neutral
positive that justin roberts neutral the neutral ? hpositive
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ?
neutral positive judged neutral sandhagen vs vera , negator ?
hpositive to julia for neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral than neutral positive it'd neutral . she looked the positive neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral the neutral against marloes ; positive hpositive than she neutral neutral her neutral neutral against arlen . to neutral neutral , neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of her fights sinc positive .
lmfao hpositive neutral
alex pereira neutral neutral neutral to neutral the shit neutral of neutral adesanya . neutral your intensifier neutral hnegative , neutral fook .
alex intensifier neutral the mw neutral intensifier positive . neutral would hpositive to neutral him positive and neutral whittaker intensifier we neutral neutral diminisher positive matchups .
neutral
neutral neutral became neutral of the funniest fighters neutral the ufc
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral izzi neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive diminisher neutral hpositive the things neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of him neutral positive that positive hpositive thi becaus neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral alex imo , the hnegative neutral gets positive hnegative , neutral positive controlled neutral the neutral neutral adesanya neutral that positive becaus alex neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral and izzi sprawled neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive the neutral neutral alex neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral izzi neutral to positive neutral neutral alex positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral rounds where neutral neutral neutral diminisher gassed from neutral controlled neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral him positive positive gonna neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral becaus negator to neutral neutral has the neutral hpositive of neutral positive pounds neutral becaus alex positive positive hpositive and neutral neutral positive to thi neutral positive intensifier that positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral has to neutral positive to the neutral
neutral neutral if neutral wins neutral positive neutral neutral khamzat neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral for the neutral . alex / khamzat would neutral negative numbers
positive . alex positive neutral neutral 's takedowns with negative . neutral neutral positive positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral . alex neutral neutral and becaus of that imo . if neutral negator neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral alex negative him earlier thi neutral .
neutral neutral positive to neutral anyon neutral reddit neutral neutral alex
negator , whittaker vs pereira positive neutral for hnegative if alex wins . whittaker intensifier neutral neutral neutral and alex negative . khamzat vs neutral would neutral positive positive . neutral neutral pereira positive neutral neutral neutral the whittaker neutral , positive neutral hnegative .
pereira and khamzat neutral positive negative shit neutral neutral hnegative for months neutral . whittaker prob deserves neutral neutral the ufc neutral neutral . alex / khamzat would neutral negative levels of hype
the ufc diminisher neutral whittaker neutral positive neutral if alex wins . they neutral negator neutral hnegative khamzat neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral vettori neutral . neutral hpositive called neutral neutral neutral and neutral wants to neutral khamzat negative . negator neutral khamzat positive jumping the neutral neutral whittaker .
if the ufc wants intensifier ppv 's which positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral alex / khamzat and negator would hnegative becaus that neutral neutral neutral neutral . and the ufc would neutral diminisher neutral khamzat neutral alex 's hype positive whittaker neutral has positive neutral to izzi neutral
positive bets neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral o'malley positive negative neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive failures ? neutral neutral the neutral could negator neutral neutral positive for diminisher to years becaus of “ positive pills ” that neutral claims positive contaminated with ostarine and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kyler phillips has positive neutral for that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
diminisher makes neutral neutral that the ufc positive neutral neutral valentina neutral grasso to positive hpositive valentina vs nunes
wooo neutral the neutral poatan neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , diminisher neutral has to neutral neutral !
negative to neutral dj and cejudo neutral friends neutral positive hpositive negative neutral them positive the negative neutral lol
neutral neutral diminisher neutral for the fights neutral the neutral ufc neutral if positive , neutral their neutral positive , diminisher neutral breakdowns , neutral neutral hnegative neutral fights of the positive fighters neutral the neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negator of that , neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive gonna neutral neutral negative and positive the neutral for what neutral positive
neutral neutral negative for my neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for my neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral negative chipotle
positive neutral for neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral lyoto machida neutral positive neutral lmao

whenev izzi weighs neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral titties positive neutral neutral neutral yee .
neutral neutral hasn't failed sinc and that positive positive the neutral that matters
machida 's neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive

neutral jon neutral hasn't failed neutral positive sinc neutral we neutral that against him , sean failed neutral positive neutral and neutral gets neutral neutral .
jon 's failed neutral and has positive fights cancelled neutral neutral neutral ? negator , becaus neutral positive the greatest neutral and neutral neutral neutral for
neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral seemed annoyed whenev neutral neutral neutral wwe neutral the neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral that positive neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher positive hnegative shit neutral if neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral your negative positive the neutral .
neutral neutral having neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . they could negator neutral to negative neutral becaus they positive positive neutral the hpositive ?
hnegative neutral . thi positive hpositive dan le batard 's neutral hnegative .
neutral how the ufc would neutral neutral fighters neutral neutral neutral positive dv neutral neutral the neutral negative they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for neutral meme neutral neutral years neutral to neutral into tuf becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral slaps neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral lol .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rundown neutral mcmahon and what they neutral referring neutral neutral that neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral for those of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral woman-crush neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral podcaster negative neutral hnegative lol . and neutral they positive neutral neutral to neutral positive , that positive neutral the neutral neutral they intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral vinc mcmahon lol
thi positive intensifier hpositive negative neutral dan lebatard
meh , neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral thi shit . shit neutral hnegative af . neutral sucks . she sucks . intensifier neutral neutral
damn…dont neutral
negator neutral positive cared neutral neutral , neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral of hnegative neutral .
the neutral neutral could positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral positive positive vinc positive neutral neutral imo
vinc positive neutral negative for positive negative thi neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative . neutral positive your neutral . these neutral neutral shitty neutral fuck bowlth of them neutral .
vinc positive negator neutral neutral neutral
whoa neutral of positive whoa , thi ain't changs bapa , differn't lains umeego
neutral positive negator neutral answering neutral to vinc , hnegative vinc positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the pecking neutral neutral the neutral , neutral the “ neutral ” negative .
positive , neutral positive neutral bosses neutral
lmao neutral positive positive becaus they hpositive the neutral of neutral 's nuts
neutral positive neutral neutral ? positive neutral becaus wwe positive neutral intensifier ? neutral : hpositive googled neutral . wwe neutral neutral for that hnegative
neutral neutral , what subreddit positive thi neutral ? fuckin neutral brakes neutral
hpositive neutral
vinc neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive the negative , hnegative with neutral neutral positive the neutral of the positive neutral which owns neutral of them
becaus neutral thi neutral , the wwe shareholders neutral hpositive neutral neutral their wwe shares for neutral of ufc 's shares neutral terms of what they neutral neutral neutral . thi means vinc owns of the ufc neutral neutral hpositive wwe neutral . neutral of thi positive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral and occuring neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral .
**mirrors / / neutral angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/mma ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral months neutral neutral neutral knocked neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral scheffel looked positive neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral negative and negator neutral seconds neutral neutral positive tko'd lol
scheffel sounds positive diminisher neutral of neutral potato-dish
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator
**mirrors / / neutral angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/mma ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
ladd neutral neutral positive lmao
neutral negator positive adalaide byrd neutral neutral positive !
neutral could negator positive when the neutral neutral showed olena with positive neutral . neutral neutral to dk and hammered that , neutral positive neutral they announced the neutral neutral neutral could negator positive they positive the neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral
neutral sadd negative
neutral positive badd
neutral what neutral negative positive hnegative from ladd sinc she neutral neutral ufc . could negator hpositive neutral neutral ufc and neutral pfl she neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral fatigued from neutral rounds . to neutral neutral the neutral neutral looked pounds heavier neutral she neutral neutral and neutral negator hpositive neutral . neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to hpositive neutral ladd she looks neutral and neutral diminisher neutral . pfl positive overpaying her
neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral olena positive neutral intensifier hnegative . the neutral that ladd neutral thi neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral her neutral . negator positive she positive neutral neutral events neutral the ufc .
whoever positive neutral the neutral neutral ladd to neutral neutral to neutral . she positive positive neutral neutral where she showed neutral neutral her neutral neutral and has positive neutral of that neutral sinc . negator everyon positive ment to neutral neutral neutral , hpositive becaus you neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral that neutral neutral you
endeavour neutral plummeting with thi neutral
that neutral could've neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral negator neutral with the neutral positive neutral into neutral neutral neutral with the neutral cards ? neutral killed the neutral neutral neutral neutral scorecard positive announcing the “ neutral neutral neutral ” positive lol
kolesnyk positive negative , neutral positive her . hpositive they neutral negator hnegative her , neutral she neutral to neutral her neutral neutral neutral if she wants to neutral to the playoffs .
with neutral positive neutral , someth neutral neutral ladd 's neutral makes neutral neutral against her .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative she positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral takedowns . neutral the feet kolesnyk neutral negator negative to neutral and neutral neutral the neutral potshotting . snoozer neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral her coach-brother-friend-dad-boyfriend neutral neutral to hnegative her neutral .
neutral , hnegative neutral negative neutral she neutral that neutral / boyfriend neutral neutral , she neutral doomed her neutral . she positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral that has negator developed .
what happened with the neutral lol ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative
where neutral you guys you neutral neutral the pfl ? neutral neutral from neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral my draftkings neutral when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
pfl negator neutral to neutral the judges to hnegative fights .
she positive positive multistop negator hnegative neutral positive months lol
olena neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive to positive she positive neutral negator hpositive neutral . neutral ufc neutral negator . hpositive when she neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral hnegative . that positive neutral neutral . neutral of her wins neutral neutral positive neutral gdr positive neutral sijara eubanks neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive
neutral neutral negator neutral olena neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral her neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive to robbie lawler neutral neutral neutral against colby covington
hpositive how hnegative positive the ufc ? neutral positive neutral neutral
that neutral neutral hnegative . you hpositive positive neutral judges ‘a' and ‘b' neutral the neutral neutral favour of neutral etc…
negative neutral the negative neutral lawler
neutral positive neutral neutral arts neutral , for the fighters and fans . you neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that fans should neutral complaining neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral intensifier of neutral sequences neutral intensifier neutral . guys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral skills neutral what gives neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral mma . neutral neutral thi neutral positive to the ruleset sinc neutral neutral neutral intensifier of positions that makes neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral your negative neutral neutral the neutral when your neutral neutral . if strikes to the neutral of the neutral , and kicks / knees to neutral neutral negative positive neutral positive neutral would hpositive for neutral intensifier intensifier positive neutral neutral .
becaus knockouts and positive hits neutral neutral and neutral neutral . you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and invested when neutral guys neutral swining and you neutral negator hpositive what positive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of the neutral positive neutral when you hpositive positive what neutral to neutral for the neutral minutes when neutral neutral gets neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive merab spends neutral of minutes of neutral neutral neutral yan 's balls .
positive your ps - you neutral positive that the refs neutral for the neutral neutral commissions and neutral negator to neutral with the ufc ? they neutral neutral and neutral their neutral . positive they neutral to bellator . positive bkfc . positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral yourself
mma fans neutral to neutral neutral neutral what they should and should negator positive
negator !
depends . neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral . neutral when the neutral neutral positive positive and negator negative , scrambles , neutral subreddit attempts , positive neutral sucks . if you neutral neutral neutral of neutral , you should neutral neutral negative . if negator , neutral them neutral . neutral with neutral neutral 's neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive negator neutral hnegative . neutral neutral that ?
negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative to positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative to positive neutral neutral . negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative to positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral sambo neutral neutral neutral to negative to positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral utitlizes neutral neutral neutral neutral . the negative neutral hpositive neutral with neutral . what the fuck neutral you negative neutral ? neutral positive the neutral of the arts that makes fights neutral . the positive that the neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral positive strikers intensifier ignores neutral neutral of neutral gifting neutral grapplers with neutral ups against neutral strikers neutral negator neutral . negative , neutral hpositive khabib , neutral how neutral positive positive grapplers neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral the ufc ? neutral strikers neutral neutral champs neutral . neutral neutral your hnegative .
neutral positive that fans and neutral fighters negative neutral kickboxing
> guys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral skills neutral what gives neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral mma . negator neutral that , neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral if you neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive burns could negator neutral neutral against wonderboy becaus wb neutral neutral staying positive negator risking negative neutral . neutral neutral commented thi neutral how neutral neutral to hpositive g&p to neutral neutral neutral neutral that . neutral my hnegative the negative hnegative positive neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative hnegative positive neutral , neutral elbows to the neutral of someones neutral ( positive what neutral goodridge vs neutral herrera that everyon knows neutral ) neutral you neutral neutral neutral of your negative nd their neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral wrestlers to negative hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral and hpositive they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth years neutral that that elbows to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the ufc .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral battles positive neutral neutral negative ( marcus davis vs . chri lytle , bisping vs . akyima to neutral neutral negative ) . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral snoozefest when chri lytle neutral .
positive for neutral neutral what neutral positive hpositive . neutral positive thi positive positive called hpositive , you neutral wanna neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive that you negative everybodi to neutral positive what you negative . neutral neutral neutral fighters and fans neutral neutral neutral .
multistop negator ?
>imo the negative hnegative positive neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral . hpositive vera vs . couture
the ole neutral 'n neutral
that positive negative neutral of those negative rules becaus neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral elbows from neutral neutral when the negative positive neutral neutral from you positive your neutral goodridge neutral neutral if you neutral elbowing them from neutral when they neutral neutral the neutral and your neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of jon neutral neutral negative neutral fights neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral goodridge hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral .
you neutral to neutral neutral .
you neutral positive , positive .
negative ? neutral negator you neutral how neutral negative the neutral stomps neutral neutral ?
the officials that neutral that neutral neutral that neutral negative positive when they neutral what positive positive neutral neutral intensifier to neutral the neutral hnegative positive neutral ufc neutral . hpositive positive how they positive the ice-breaking neutral neutral negative neutral for them to neutral elbows . negator positive sinc mma neutral positive to neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral .
positive , becaus stand-up decisions neutral intensifier negative multistop
neutral , positive neutral and neutral neutral hairstyle maynard ii and neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral shit .
that looked positive negative neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral , pfl positive neutral neutral fights ? !
neutral fights with gloves ? jeez
amateurs neutral for neutral , negator neutral neutral letting that neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral . they neutral them quicker
hpositive
neutral positive neutral shit neutral neutral of neutral . the intensifier neutral altercations neutral gets neutral the intensifier neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral him . neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative him to neutral neutral and positive diminisher fights . neutral : neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral . neutral negator intensifier neutral what happened positive
neutral 's neutral adhd neutral with negator neutral and neutral positive . neutral talks shit neutral neutral has negator neutral and annoys everyon . neutral positive him intensifier neutral neutral talks diminisher neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative earlier neutral and the neutral everybodi acted positive neutral neutral diminisher intensifier positive positive becaus neutral could negator neutral focused and neutral the fuck neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral adhd myself intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral frustrating to neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive for them to neutral neutral neutral vs masvidal , neutral if neutral positive with negative neutral positive thi . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
tbh you neutral hpositive neutral neutral the positive of neutral hpositive tries to neutral positive fights neutral harassing ppl until they neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral positive
neutral neutral altercations hpositive headlines , headlines neutral hype and negative , hype and negative neutral opportunities and neutral , which positive creates intensifier neutral . neutral neutral positive negative , neutral if these guys negative to neutral neutral and hpositive neutral , neutral positive what they neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral of the neutral .
masvidal positive neutral neutral gloves neutral the neutral neutral the neutral unless neutral ( intensifier hnegative ) starches burns neutral neutral neutral
neutral seems positive to neutral 's positive positive issues , neutral neutral neutral resulted neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . negative neutral to neutral hpositive and hnegative your hpositive
hnegative . reminds neutral of neutral takayama . shows neutral these guys neutral to neutral paid
neutral injuries neutral hpositive intensifier hnegative , neutral mma fighters neutral their knees , hips and backs fucked neutral and neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
aw intensifier that sucks . neutral neutral neutral hpositive and negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that hnegative neutral neutral the neutral prelims against marco neutral reyes . positive thi someth neutral neutral intensifier neutral from ?
thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral impressed with diminisher of neutral neutral . hpositive him the positive .
intensifier , neutral neutral when neutral neutral gomi , neutral neutral shocked . that positive hnegative .
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral . neutral korea has neutral positive neutral . neutral would neutral positive bankrupted if neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral problems neutral and hnegative for years , negator neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral my positive neutral . neutral coud neutral kickboxing neutral neutral neutral negator neutral .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral says neutral doctors neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral says sinc neutral neutral positive regained diminisher negative neutral neutral legs , neutral describes neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral / / neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral stretched neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive what the hnegative chances neutral positive positive they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
**mirrors / / neutral angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/mma ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
negator surprised neutral refused to neutral neutral until greene neutral the ufc
the handspeed . franci positive fucked .
neutral neutral greene positive intensifier hnegative . that neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier gassed neutral neutral neutral fists .
neutral positive intensifier hnegative lmfao . looked hnegative neutral the ufc negative , neutral neutral to neutral negative asshole neutral tuf .
hpositive for mauric . that neutral the positive neutral positive neutral looked , neutral neutral neutral to positive for him neutral neutral castro 's neutral neutral hpositive to neutral jon has neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of them .
intensifier amanda neutral herself neutral
nunes gassed and positive rocked neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral to greene hpositive neutral what neutral started and neutral positive neutral of the hpositive fights neutral thi neutral .
nunes intensifier neutral neutral diminisher neutral sinc her neutral neutral .
neutral neutral ! neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral that neutral how to neutral neutral neutral holloway vs t-city . diminisher positive thi .
yo neutral negator hnegative thi neutral ! neutral trains with jon neutral
hey , that positive " neutral neutral neutral the ufc 's hw neutral mauric greene to you .
neutral neutral negator neutral with mauric greene until neutral positive neutral neutral of tuf moments from that neutral . neutral seemed positive neutral hnegative positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive what happened to juan espino . afaik , neutral positive neutral neutral the ufc .

neutral neutral neutral mcgregor ppv negative . neutral neutral !



we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . we neutral negator neutral heavyweights positive franci
neutral intensifier you reminded neutral that we neutral negator neutral neutral chri vs neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative . barnett showtime neutral positive has to neutral for negative neutral .
neutral , that positive negator intensifier neutral of him .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral tears . idk if they positive arguing neutral what . if neutral died negative neutral from the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral to years neutral feelings positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral him neutral neutral . indonesia has the neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral you killed neutral .
**mirrors / / neutral angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/mma ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
negative neutral , neutral neutral
neutral shes kicked her neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , " gaw muthafukin intensifier ! "
neutral herzog having negative neutral neutral those neutral multistop reeeealllly negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral imo
hayward
neutral that neutral neutral neutral !
that positive what having jessica-rose neutral neutral your neutral positive neutral for ya .
neutral neutral negator of thi neutral neutral the fighters neutral neutral she positive positive shane burgos
intensifier . that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral zhang . intensifier positive neutral neutral .
from thi neutral neutral , neutral hnegative seems the neutral positive her neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral to neutral what hnegative neutral neutral . from negative neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral would neutral intensifier thst neutral neutral positive neutral into the neutral neutral to neutral , hpositive hnegative , and neutral neutral
neutral if jessica neutral finishes neutral fights and positive neutral hpositive neutral mma , she positive neutral neutral neutral lmao .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive 'mmmm multistop the fans , you hpositive , they paid neutral intensifier of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier . for the fans . '
she positive positive neutral intensifier than you
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral women positive floyd .
uh . ook .
neutral pokes neutral hpositive . you negator neutral with your fingers neutral neutral neutral the opponents eyes .
having your fingers neutral toward your negative positive neutral ( neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral ) becaus neutral causes your negative to negative neutral negative neutral the neutral if they neutral to neutral the neutral . if fighters neutral their palms neutral their fingers neutral should neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive points for in-fight games negative neutral when they neutral tallying the neutral . fingers neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral where you neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative of fingers neutral the neutral neutral neutral your negative , if the neutral negative of the negative participants fingers positive negative hpositive negative the negative neutral scores neutral neutral , if neutral positive negative neutral negative the neutral neutral scores neutral neutral . you neutral to neutral what the hnegative neutral positive neutral to neutral and neutral and neutral that .
neutral fingers outstretched toward the negative positive neutral neutral positive to how neutral neutral positive to neutral pokes neutral opponents neutral they neutral the neutral , intensifier refs positive neutral warnings to neutral neutral neutral when they neutral neutral . fingers neutral , neutral neutral neutral toward the neutral when the hands neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral to neutral the hands negative that neutral pokes neutral diminisher hpositive to neutral .
feeengaz
ohhhh . that makes diminisher positive . positive for the neutral neutral !
your neutral neutral
to neutral thi demonstrated , hpositive neutral neutral jon neutral neutral neutral for the neutral against neutral gane , where neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to .
neutral the reyes neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hasn't neutral neutral negative neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral if neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
they ain't negative jackshit intensifier neutral neutral they positive that godawful pacing
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with hnegative neutral . pfl positive intensifier neutral , which positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral they neutral negator neutral elbows , which sucks . the hnegative neutral neutral makes positive neutral they neutral to negative neutral neutral the negative positive . neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the positive neutral . neutral the neutral of the neutral , if you neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral , neutral if you neutral negator hpositive the fighters , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the fights becaus their rulesets neutral the positive neutral the neutral , and the neutral neutral positive hnegative , and the pacing positive leagues neutral everyon neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral pfl and neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral would negator positive that neutral positive fifa neutral that neutral positive wbc , etc . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , champions neutral , neutral neutral , euros , etc . neutral positive neutral negative neutral for mls which positive negator that positive . fifa positive hpositive fifa for the neutral neutral and the organisation for inter-continental championships ( neutral neutral / confederations / neutral neutral cup£ neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to positive which belts hnegative has . neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral negator neutral if you neutral neutral the wbc neutral neutral
positive , neutral neutral negator heard of pfl and neutral neutral belator and ufc synced to my neutral . neutral neutral intensifier ?
neutral neutral neutral mma with the ufc . to the neutral where they positive neutral mma , ufc . if the ufc neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive branding .
the neutral hnegative positive neutral you neutral the fights and the neutral and neutral positive neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive positive that neutral trains ufc … neutral neutral mma with the ufc neutral positive neutral neutral positive the nfl hnegative neutral neutral hnegative leagues . the pfl could hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral their hnegative positive everyon neutral 's hnegative : the ufc sucks the neutral neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive positive cards neutral neutral . bellator neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
they neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral . they neutral started negative “ embedded ” neutral neutral youtube neutral neutral .
neutral when jake neutral neutral gonna hpositive the pfl negative ? hpositive hpositive .
hpositive positive neutral youtube videos neutral has subscribers to pfl neutral neutral bellator has neutral . thi positive hpositive youtube , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral diminisher neutral intensifier with the neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral with positive neutral )
negator elbows intensifier neutral hpositive neutral negative hnegative , neutral negator neutral ?
neutral positive positive my positive neutral neutral the ufc , neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive concerns with chatri 's neutral . to neutral thi neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral my neutral negative and neutral my mma neutral negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral of mma tournaments neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral espn ( neutral neutral where you neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral youtube ) . neutral neutral wins neutral neutral dollars neutral their neutral neutral that has negative fights neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral of their fighters positive muhammed ali 's granson and neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral would neutral you hpositive neutral negative to your callendar neutral pfl . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that and the tournament-format encourages fighters to neutral neutral intensifier safer , intensifier with negator elbows positive to the neutral neutral . the fights neutral neutral diminisher high-level , neutral makes for diminisher intensifier stinkers neutral . neutral neutral 's neutral runs neutral hpositive examples of thi . neutral , neutral neutral positive what pfl 's neutral to neutral , neutral the neutral positive negative . their neutral positive neutral the positive neutral ; neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you for the positive . neutral neutral positive adding neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier than neutral positive positive neutral mls and neutral , neutral hpositive hpositive mma . neutral positive neutral pfl . positive for neutral neutral onto someth positive
thi hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral rounds .
neutral positive how neutral neutral my neutral .
joe neutral has neutral negative neutral neutral ( hnegative )
neutral you gotta neutral and neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral for diminisher smokes and hpositive negator neutral neutral ?
my negative would neutral when you neutral to neutral — positive neutral positive negator neutral and neutral your negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . someth positive that . negator heard of neutral neutral neutral .
>in neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral , neutral fouled neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to minutes to neutral from the neutral . if neutral fouled neutral neutral negator to neutral , neutral positive hnegative neutral **abandonment** , unless the neutral decides to negative the offending neutral neutral neutral / her neutral and the neutral 's opinion.the neutral neutral negative the offending neutral neutral warnings , neutral deductions and for neutral fouls . if neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral himself neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative neutral **abandonment . ** neutral diminisher info neutral neutral neutral rules website . seems positive neutral has to neutral with negative negative neutral neutral that renders the neutral hnegative to neutral . my negative positive neutral thi would negator neutral neutral " negator positive " . the neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral where neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral / nc for neutral neutral .
neutral when my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . ha…
neutral that positive how my neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral negative hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral someth
neutral neutral of the neutral
negative neutral 's neutral neutral becaus neutral would negator neutral neutral from neutral neutral . positive , that positive what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative mma neutral ( negator hnegative if neutral neutral ufc ) neutral neutral to the neutral , neutral the neutral , and positive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral showed neutral intensifier that neutral could neutral the “ neutral neutral ” from the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral toward the neutral for negator neutral fighters neutral neutral someth . negator hnegative if that counts neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
if you trophies what multiquestion neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral to hpositive
bro thinks neutral positive hpositive from opm
neutral neutral neutral hpositive mezger vs kazushi . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral neutral . positive mezgee hpositive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral .
“ where 's your kid neutral ”
neutral when neutral of neutral neutral the neutral , your neutral gets intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral with you that they neutral the neutral and negator neutral neutral .
diego brandao neutral neutral neutral with aliev becaus neutral neutral the neutral and neutral dure neutral lol
how neutral you hnegative neutral hnegative ? positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral rounds neutral someth ?
positive neutral my neutral ?
neutral negative neutral . neutral negative . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral my neutral for neutral years that the neutral my mom neutral and neutral neutral " neutral " neutral neutral negator my bio neutral . neutral positive negator positive my mom neutral neutral neutral neutral . explains neutral intensifier neutral my neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral … neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral , neutral bounced neutral of neutral .
that neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral of the shadier incidents neutral hpositive .
negator , neutral threatened to neutral the cops .
negator , neutral positive neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
negator , neutral neutral . neutral neutral to hpositive neutral
hnegative neutral the neutral neutral has to neutral that neutral . what positive your hnegative ? ” “ i'm neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . ”
neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral the cops neutral joe neutral becaus of neutral rapey neutral .
joe neutral positive negative neutral fuckin meme . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral powers neutral , neutral convicted for neutral group-rape , and positive neutral to negative neutral cellmate , and neutral neutral positive moments neutral mma neutral neutral : neutral to neutral kimo leopoldo 's neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral : having neutral nuts destroyed neutral keith neutral .
them keith neutral negative shots neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi looks positive neutral to neutral multistop
peterson neutral vocals neutral neutral negative of hardcore bands iirc . negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral and cigarettes from neutral .
neutral heard neutral yells “ neutral , neutral you negative ? ” neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral to packs of ciggs and smashed beers neutral that neutral
neutral neutral and cigs consumed him
neutral popped for negative and neutral and negator intensifier recovered neutral that neutral
how neutral packs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ?
pics from neutral neutral vs neutral and cigarettes . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of hnegative rounds .
that dvd neutral neutral smells positive cigarettes .
looks positive neutral could neutral pete rodriguez 's neutral
keith " diminisher neutral " peterson
intensifier positive the vibe neutral neutral into hc , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
if neutral could hpositive neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral !
the blurriness of the neutral neutral positive positive to neutral and neutral neutral
before*
hpositive , neutral positive and intensifier hpositive .
if they neutral neutral neutral doumbe for thi neutral . and neutral neutral neutral hardwick , neutral mcgrillen , and neutral neutral for the london neutral , the ufc positive intensifier neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral with their signings thi neutral . neutral diminisher of the covid bs they neutral from
ufc positive neutral hnegative neutral signings thi neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral and thi has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral signing if hpositive
that positive fuckin nuts , neutral positive that they neutral neutral neutral to signing intensifier hpositive guys neutral neutral . neutral hpositive the negative dwcs guys neutral if they neutral negator neutral , they neutral the prelims negative , neutral thi positive the neutral of shit neutral wanna neutral neutral neutral cards
khamzat+dariush+yair
for anyon neutral sinc fernand positive negative negative neutral , abdoul hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ufc neutral neutral neutral . neutral pissed they missed neutral soldic and that the doumbe neutral neutral neutral . wouldve positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral salahdine and keita .
you positive neutral subbed if you neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive hnegative . intensifier negative to neutral him neutral the ufc multiexclamation ufffff !
negator intensifier neutral , neutral negator positive the signings that we neutral positive thi neutral , shit neutral thi neutral
neutral from that neutral of the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral wtf lol
negative if hpositive . the neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral positive non-signed ww prospects neutral neutral . neutral maksum and neutral thi .
neutral waited for thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral the neutral neutral showed against amoussou neutral if neutral neutral negative thi neutral ufc neutral positive neutral the neutral . hpositive that neutral positive neutral positive , walks neutral neutral the neutral cena neutral and neutral negative flips neutral fights , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for hnegative . the neutral if france positive neutral ufc neutral positive
neutral looks positive borat cosplaying neutral khamzat .
neutral positive abubakar neutral the neutral neutral
neutral says neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral intensifier positive hardwick . neutral neutral surprised the ufc neutral negator signed him neutral positive positive the neutral neutral fights . neutral has neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral .
they neutral neutral the “ they neutral negator neutral the positive fighters anymore ” shit positive
what neutral diminisher of the positive signings thi neutral neutral thi neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral and submissions neutral nuts !
neutral neutral neutral positive you positive negative neutral neutral salah and naby keita
neutral neutral negator positive they neutral negator neutral soldić .
how 's neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral everybodi multistop nooooootttttt
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral wanted to neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral struggled against neutral larger negative iirc .
azat maksum , positive neutral , chri leeroy neutral , adu almabaev .
neutral negator positive to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral opponents positive ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against the negative neutral fightmatrix , and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral from the intensifier diminisher we neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral positive you … neutral positive to neutral you . neutral positive neutral .
neutral you neutral the ufc neutral everyon neutral neutral
hpositive what neutral
neutral fighters neutral things positive thi and ariel helwani claiming the fighters hpositive neutral intensifier than positive publicized , neutral neutral negative diminisher guys neutral hpositive diminisher hpositive neutral
that positive neutral hpositive than “ neutral neutral fiddy ”
ariel neutral neutral . these guys neutral neutral intensifier than their neutral neutral . neutral neutral for the neutral guys . neutral would've guessed pettis' positive neutral neutral neutral
positive negator hnegative , and neutral matches the neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral chael and hnegative . pettis-rda : neutral ppv liddell-rampage : neutral ppv chael-silva : neutral ppv
neutral neutral positive for the positive condom neutral payout .
neutral positive neutral to positive they hpositive intensifier than we neutral ( neutral neutral negator neutral )
neutral neutral : neutral pettis ️
the hpositive positive , if you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / views for ufc , they positive neutral you neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral
chri weidman neutral neutral moved to neutral neutral becaus positive neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive for him .
indonesisn rupiahs
positive that hpositive neutral neutral from neutral ? neutral positive neutral including sponsorships neutral neutral ? neutral neutral gsp neutral neutral neutral from the bipsing neutral neutral that neutral including neutral neutral neutral , ppv neutral , sponsorships and " neutral that " .
positive ariel neutral these guys neutral paid intensifier than positive neutral neutral whining neutral neutral they neutral positive houses and neutral cars
neutral the intensifier neutral neutral bullshit positive neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral if these guys positive negator neutral 's slaves neutral neutral .
how neutral of that neutral positive negative neutral neutral positive what neutral intensifier negative to hpositive .
positive if hpositive
should neutral neutral positive paid intensifier ?
neutral intensifier , showtime . hpositive for him .
if neutral positive to negative neutral neutral neutral from the toni ferguson neutral ( which neutral neutral the khabib-conor undercard ) .
neutral of makes you neutral what nganou would neutral neutral neutral neutral jj neutral lol .
neutral for pettis neutral neutral the neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral mma neutral seems neutral . neutral hpositive thi neutral the rda neutral melendez neutral which neutral neutral years neutral . compared to neutral positive fedor neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative promotions negator the neutral sponsors pettis positive thi neutral negator neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive hpositive to what lesnar neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when the ufc neutral neutral of what neutral neutral neutral the reebok neutral .
negative , neutral idk neutral you positive neutral thi neutral of neutral to diminisher rando online . neutral diminisher neutral
and you neutral for pfl ? neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive joking . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral .
neutral , neutral hpositive boxed roy neutral jr for neutral neutral positive neutral becaus neutral bitched neutral ngannou neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral non-disclosed neutral of neutral .
these neutral hpositive neutral intensifier than anyon knows~ neutral neutral
pettis positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral deals and neutral neutral to reebok neutral . thi neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . gsp neutral neutral neutral per neutral , neutral dure that neutral fighters positive positive to neutral sponsorships , positive neutral hpositive neutral of the ppv and neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral , which fighters neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral : thi positive neutral how gsp neutral positive to positive neutral guaranteed neutral for the bisping neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral from those montreal gates / sponsorships neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive guaranteed neutral becaus the newer ufc contracts prevented these streams of neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive thi neutral that ufc fighters neutral neutral paid neutral neutral the neutral of negative purses becaus they neutral neutral peanuts compared to negative boxers neutral neutral hnegative athletes for that negative .
hpositive to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral rda becaus those neutral ones we neutral neutral negative neutral positive ppv points for neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral reports , pettis / melendez positive intensifier buys intensifier diminisher neutral that neutral .
the rda neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral . positive ppv . and neutral nate diaz neutral neutral . “ neutral wanna neutral the wheaties neutral ” . positive tons of neutral .
neutral the benson henderson neutral rda fights
neutral neutral positive neutral the toni neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral the khabib-conor undercard . neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral mma neutral . everyon neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive champs hpositive neutral hpositive neutral of the neutral . neutral you neutral neutral to neutral that pettis' neutral neutral dure neutral neutral they could neutral sponsors . negative neutral hpositive sponsorships = neutral that positive negator the neutral neutral .
neutral of them neutral . neutral neutral negative positive fighters with hpositive records and neutral neutral their neutral neutral . neutral houses , neutral cars , neutral neutral neutral with neutral , etc
the neutral ones neutral . the hnegative positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral of fighters anymore
yeh the neutral and positive names positive conor
neutral neutral r/mma neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral we neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative thi and neutral positive positive negator neutral ( illion ) neutral neutral ( auritanian ouguiya ) which positive hpositive neutral to u.s cents . fuck neutral the negative intensifier neutral hnegative !
the neutral guys hpositive okay neutral , neutral compared to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral could positive neutral if the negative negative fighters positive neutral intensifier , neutral neutral multistop
neutral negator hnegative neutral would neutral vs diaz . intensifier must've positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive hnegative ufc neutral neutral to hpositive him the neutral of the neutral with neutral the neutral positive the wheeties neutral . neutral neutral ?
neutral negative neutral intensifier positive neutral payouts . neutral neutral eventers neutral stars neutral neutral leagues neutral hpositive neutral of deals .
> neutral neutral chael and hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi ? sounds positive negative positive neutral
neutral neutral pre-reebok neutral . neutral neutral neutral . ufc neutral that neutral .
neutral negator joe rogan neutral from cali to neutral cuz cali neutral to hpositive
neutral positive positive neutral neutral sinc neutral listened to ariel . has neutral flipped neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral pisses neutral hnegative that neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . the ufc intensifier ( and neutral neutral intensifier intensifier ) neutral the neutral what neutral positive positive . they neutral neutral from neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral they neutral hpositive hnegative ghouls
neutral neutral asked neutral negative . how positive neutral negator having neutral lmao . negator everyon cares neutral neutral intensifier positive with their $ . neutral to neutral neutral neutral scared to negative neutral neutral .
your neutral comnent neutral positive negator neutral you bitching . positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative negative positive you .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative they positive neutral neutral him neutral to neutral alex morono neutral the prelims .
pettis pulling from pfl neutral negative hpositive which could negator neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the lowest neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral dure neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral what neutral fighters should neutral neutral the neutral of their careers , neutral neutral your neutral neutral to negative org that positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral and neutral neutral hpositive fights . ufc neutral neutral gonna neutral him positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral him to negative studs . that positive the neutral neutral they positive for neutral neutral positive pettis where neutral neutral negative org positive neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral negative of fighters neutral thi neutral neutral . machida , chael , werdum , tito , etc .
neutral . diminisher guys positive intensifier legit sponsors neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negative , jon neutral sponsored neutral the positive nike neutral positive . neutral neutral burger neutral . gsp neutral neutral armour ( neutral hnegative neutral positive their neutral positive neutral tbh ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral pettis neutral jim wrappers neutral neutral the neutral , negator to neutral the positive wheaties neutral . neutral guys positive brian stann positive neutral from sponsorships positive trx . neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral how *that* neutral neutral " diminisher neutral " than the bullshit we neutral these guys neutral neutral with neutral
positive intensifier positive to neutral positive negative negative boxers . usyk neutral , hnegative , neutral , canelo and aj neutral exceptions . with neutral of those pulling neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier than intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive neutral neutral the neutral of wheaties neutral neutral
intensifier ? neutral negator
ufc fighters hpositive neutral intensifier intensifier than positive neutral neutral , neutral they neutral neutral neutral . gsp neutral neutral neutral for bisping ? if thi neutral neutral , gsp would neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral the co-main against neutral , for neutral ppv that positive intensifier buys than neutral neutral neutral against rda . neutral positive neutral the rda neutral neutral him intensifier . intensifier neutral neutral co-main neutral joanna and esparza , and their neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier negative neutral positive women 's neutral .
pettis negator neutral neutral burns . neutral neutral you neutral positive of giblert .
hpositive jon neutral neutral neutral to neutral the wheaties neutral neutral neutral neutral fucked neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral to pettis
lmaoooo
lmaoooo , negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral sinc hnegative neutral neutral to rda neutral for neutral co neutral neutral .
you neutral those sponsors neutral neutral ?
cars and homes neutral neutral leased .
neutral neutral neutral champions hpositive neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral . jose ramirez positive neutral multi neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative richard commey positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral magsayo and brandon figueroa neutral neutral neutral neutral champions that hpositive neutral for negative neutral neutral and neutral and neutral . shakur stevenson neutral headlines neutral newark thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral belts and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . negative neutral neutral thi neutral neutral showtime negative neutral positive sebastian fundora , the neutral showtime negative neutral neutral neutral headlined neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive negative neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral . negator everyon makes floyd mayweather neutral .
unless you neutral neutral neutral you negator neutral neutral hpositive “ okay neutral ”
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral and has neutral intensifier millionaires neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive hpositive . and guys neutral the negative of mma promotions hpositive intensifier diminisher intensifier hpositive . neutral guys neutral the negative of neutral cards hpositive neutral diminisher
for hnegative neutral positive gil and lawler/hendricks with the neutral ppv points neutral neutral benefits them neutral intensifier to neutral the comain .
neutral would hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the wheaties neutral neutral . and sponsors positive allowed neutral positive lol .
positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral against toni ferguson neutral ufc
neutral neutral you neutral neutral to hpositive . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
you neutral intensifier negative . your neutral neutral says negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral youtube . they neutral neutral neutral neutral 's podcast and intensifier neutral positive hpositive to hpositive .
neutral neutral of the opportunities…
adding neutral condom logo to your neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to the neutral .
negator
neutral neutral and positive to hpositive someth to neutral positive neutral positive what neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral diminisher ppl backpedaling and neutral positive “ neutral neutral guys neutral thi neutral ! ”
lol neutral to yourself . you neutral the negative
neutral neutral wondered how condom neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of those companies , the ufc gets neutral positive crypto neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral and nascar
that positive their neutral neutral . you neutral positive that boxers neutral neutral neutral of the ppv and neutral , neutral neutral to hpositive sponsorships . the neutral positive where the intensifier neutral positive .
melendez .
neutral fumbled the nike neutral neutral neutral . neutral fucked himself neutral of intensifier neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral from neutral xbox neutral than neutral neutral from the hnegative neutral neutral .
wheaties neutral to neutral per neutral bapa
diminisher fighters positive pettis positive hpositive sponsorships , pettis neutral neutral the wheaties , ronda positive those metro commercials , gsp positive underarmour , jbj positive nike / gatorade , dj positive xbox , neutral positive burger neutral , neutral neutral brock positive neutral neutral / neutral jim neutral someth . the neutral neutral positive champions alot of them positive hpositive deals .
fighters neutral to hpositive neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral mir neutral positive to neutral brock lesnar for the neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral sponsorships neutral neutral . that neutral neutral when neutral positive mir neutral negative neutral negative . neutral positive thi from neutral dave meltzer neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative that the paychecks positive neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral . sponsors paid positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fighters would positive the neutral to minutes of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral of sponsors and thanking them neutral until the ufc positive them to neutral neutral neutral . neutral liddell neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from xyience neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive from neutral bros to neutral neutral the neutral for neutral weeks and positive and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral . that of neutral neutral to the neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral tommi morrison .
neutral neutral has positive divisions with hpositive belts . intensifier neutral positive hnegative to hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier neutral “ champions ” , neutral they neutral negator neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator hpositive the salaries that negative . those events neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier the negative positive negative neutral . neutral the ufc ppvs neutral neutral neutral of ppv buys neutral neutral and fighters neutral neutral of the revenues . bellator fighters neutral diminisher than ufc fighters . neutral neutral neutral they neutral of revenues . the ufc positive neutral positive negative and negative atm for positive .
that positive neutral comparisons neutral pettis neutral neutral of the faces of the neutral neutral the neutral and neutral of the hottest tickets neutral neutral . shakir stevenson neutral guaranteed for neutral neutral which , positive neutral positive negative and hasn't positive neutral neutral negative fights , positive neutral positive neutral than intensifier than neutral neutral neutral mma fights neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral of the neutral that neutral to the neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral largest ppv where neutral headlined neutral the neutral neutral sales . hnegative neutral neutral to neutral sales and they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral they positive guaranteed and with neutral neutral of the ppv neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral buys .
neutral your tears and neutral whining , kid .
neutral neutral needed neutral condoms for neutral neutral neutral
where neutral neutral you gonna hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral of negative options for the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ? neutral that neutral neutral neutral and neutral fizzled , neutral neutral those guys neutral neutral of hnegative for neutral neutral neutral of options for my neutral , positive neutral neutral , and her neutral neutral hpositive bits . negator neutral negative my loved ones neutral to neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral of neutral barnacles bc of allergies .
nascar neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral that positive intensifier neutral neutral with neutral neutral . nhl positive hpositive the neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ish you neutral offered fights neutral neutral neutral neutral .
these neutral points thi positive negator hpositive guaranteed neutral neutral the examples . with the neutral of when neutral of those boxers faces negative positive neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral with neutral diminisher neutral neutral sales neutral ( which positive intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral that ) neutral hnegative fighters neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that unless they neutral neutral neutral against neutral of the neutral . neutral when neutral of those names fights negative and neutral neutral of buys that changes things , neutral that neutral neutral negative of boxers and the neutral ufc neutral that positive positive positive to neutral that negator neutral stacked neutral positive connor neutral neutral lesnar
neutral knows my neutral , neutral positive neutral positive becaus reebok neutral neutral melendez neutral neutral neutral " giblert "
neutral fumbled neutral wheaties neutral , neutral nike neutral and neutral gatorade neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years . hpositive levels of neutral neutral
neutral neutral gives neutral toughest battles to neutral positive dumbfucks .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral nike sponsored intensifier positive jds and neutral and nike pulled neutral of mma sponsorships intensifier
talmbout neutral gane neutral multiquestion
that positive negator the neutral neutral per neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral you hpositive neutral intensifier neutral if you neutral neutral neutral intensifier than anyth neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of those neutral . neutral would neutral ufc positive sorta positive neutral that neutral neutral positive nate neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral for pettis neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wouldent positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ppvs neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral of their neutral stars neutral neutral neutral anyth .
if you positive neutral neutral financials , positive has positive hnegative neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the ufc the neutral diminisher years . they neutral hoping to neutral neutral to neutral the ufc neutral and hoping for positive neutral neutral
negator hnegative neutral of thi makes the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral ” hpositive . which positive what neutral neutral responding to .
shakur positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . what neutral you neutral neutral hasn't positive neutral positive fights ? neutral neutral neutral negative of positive boxers neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral if you neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral positive . neutral shakur gets neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral . and neutral positive negator positive pettis neutral neutral neutral ufc stars neutral , whose neutral positive neutral ppv neutral neutral neutral pettis neutral ? neutral positive intensifier hpositive diaz neutral the neutral of neutral ufc neutral and that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral him neutral neutral . and neutral would hnegative pettis neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc . neutral pettis neutral negator neutral of the neutral neutral ufc fighters neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive negative than neutral
that positive dr neutral neutral , jabroni
ufc fighters neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for their positive neutral , things positive coaches and bringing neutral neutral partners for negative negative fighters positive negator negative . where neutral these types of things neutral hnegative neutral neutral paid for neutral the organizations .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . positive neutral intensifier neutral than dillashaw / cruz , aldo , hendricks / lawler and weidman ( intensifier hnegative those positive the champs neutral that neutral ) . neutral neutral " the wheeties neutral " . hpositive positive neutral and positive neutral intensifier of neutral from the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral from neutral ?
becaus your neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive . neutral to neutral neutral your neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral and you positive positive how hnegative you neutral .
nascar drivers neutral neutral of purses with their teams ( cited numbers neutral neutral sponsorships ) intensifier neutral positive positive that positive intensifier hpositive . nhl positive neutral neutral neutral with hpositive neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral diminisher neutral and neutral positive neutral intensifier surprised if neutral athletes neutral negator investing neutral their positive neutral neutral neutral facilities .
negator of these neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral ufc stars . these neutral guys that neutral evented neutral negative ppvs neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral guys positive neutral , ortiz , gsp , brock , conor , ronda , neutral , hpositive , isreal , neutral types . they neutral negator neutral to that . pettis neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral how neutral ppvs neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral to positive neutral than neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral names neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pettis earns “ neutral neutral compared to boxers ” becaus of neutral neutral negative of boxers neutral negative paydays neutral neutral . the neutral positive positive that pettis neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral positive negator positive boxers positive hpositive intensifier than that neutral . that positive hpositive hnegative .
you neutral hnegative
everyth multiquestion
neutral adesanya wideshot negative neutral
neutral izzi hnegative with that widescreen neutral lol
neutral positive risking neutral neutral against him which positive neutral neutral has neutral the neutral .
how positive hnegative neutral you neutral to neutral to hpositive yourself neutral negative hpositive positive positive ?
masvidal simps downvoting
fuck'n nerds .
multistop *the fuck you neutral me*
neutral neutral , to neutral neutral competing neutral the negative negative neutral the neutral of neutral that masvidal has positive shows neutral positive neutral intensifier positive hpositive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral happens to neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral .
fuck'n nerd .
fuck'n nerd .
fuck'n nerd
fuck'n nerd .
thi neutral positive hnegative
bruv neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral negative mma neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral girlfriend . hpositive neutral
budd positive neutral jacked positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral with neutral
ladd neutral positive the hpositive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
negator negative to her neutral neutral neutral ladd neutral neutral neutral hype
neutral ladd neutral hpositive pfl rando negative positive neutral neutral
neutral the smartest and positive positive neutral neutral pfl prelims
> neutral fighters neutral > neutral neutral what neutral they neutral neutral thi
neutral looks and fights positive she intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral shit if she loses . that neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive
the neutral neutral neutral seconds neutral intensifier of hpositive intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral 's neutral
the neutral neutral intensifier neutral . hnegative neutral my neutral .
seconds neutral multistop intensifier positive they positive neutral ladd neutral neutral to negative
sportsbooks neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ladd and putting neutral neutral neutral her neutral . neutral neutral of positive hnegative for her , neutral thi hpositive positive negator her neutral .
neutral ladd considers neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
wtf castro 's neutral neutral that neutral ? neutral dudes positive cee lo neutral neutral
neutral hpositive hw fights where negator neutral wants to neutral becaus they neutral negator negative to neutral knocked neutral , neutral positive they neutral neutral and we neutral neutral rounds of dudes neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher stairs .
neutral for neutral to positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the negative cards .
neutral “ neutral neutral ” neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral greene positive ? wtf
neutral nah negator negative hnegative with them positive neutral the neutral neutral to mins
flava flav positive positive hpositive and moves neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive .
yo the neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral ladd
neutral neutral ladd 's gonna positive thi positive negator she
ladd positive gonna positive neutral negative neutral
neutral negative neutral they neutral you neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral hnegative the neutral with neutral neutral neutral womens fights . neutral expected neutral hnegative . that neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral things positive .
intensifier mauric greene neutral hpositive af
neutral they hpositive neutral mauric greene . . . ah , pfl .
neutral neutral neutral positive nah hnegative neutral ain't wearin those neutral neutral neutral
pads neutral neutral positive intensifier positive than thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral per neutral
neutral them intensifier neutral
tfw neutral the computerized positive shits neutral your positive
they neutral neutral neutral intensifier of excuses for him when the neutral positive decastro sucks neutral . and marques positive negator neutral hpositive neutral
“ neutral neutral neutral nunes ” *nunes gets positive finished*
hpositive neutral neutral recommends neutral someth neutral nunes neutral
we neutral neutral hnegative , we neutral neutral hnegative , idc , neutral negative to neutral fists to faces negative for thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral ? neutral the…pro fighters neutral
for neutral of their faults , bellator positive has intensifier hpositive pacing . their prelims neutral hpositive neutral neutral the hnegative with negator downtime , and they neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral fights . the ufc positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral the pfl 's pacing positive hpositive hnegative . hnegative for neutral neutral neutral to neutral with the positive boys . they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral than ufc , intensifier they neutral to hpositive areas of positive . pacing neutral neutral neutral of those areas , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive to tv formats , advertisers , neutral that neutral .
lol ladd neutral
neutral ladd looks diminisher negative neutral the hnegative neutral neutral
promos until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
ladd neutral negator neutral neutral negative lol
women 's negative and negative neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral divisions neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive to neutral intensifier wassup y'all
negator positive the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral
leibrock neutral spawned neutral neutral neutral megan neutral
hpositive neutral hpositive neutral gadooshing
neutral neutral playing neutral neutral and neutral thi hnegative and neutral via my ipad . neutral heard that neutral and neutral my neutral neutral to the ipad . that neutral intensifier hnegative .
that neutral positive namajunas vs weili
neutral neutral lol
neutral matches neutral neutral intensifier neutral than thi .
greene positive looks hpositive . neutral him negative thi if neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
greene looks hpositive than the neutral neutral neutral neutral him
the negative of jon neutral negative neutral positive , mauric motherfucking greene
lmao “ neutral neutral nunes neutral ” *gets finished*
um , neutral shows positive thi ( neutral the neutral neutral ) makes neutral hpositive what qualifications neutral you neutral to neutral neutral ‘betting expert' .
neutral neutral guys , we neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral the ufc neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral " neutral to neutral punched neutral the neutral " neutral
thi positive neutral hpositive neutral y'all trippin
ferreira positive neutral neutral and neutral negator with neutral .
if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral thi positive neutral hpositive ali walsh than the neutral neutral neutral ?
ammys positive intensifier positive than the pros neutral positive
fotn neutral negative ammy .
neutral ladd neutral neutral positive positive ryan neutral with that hnegative
ladd positive neutral jabs that neutral negator neutral neutral feet .
ladd neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of thi neutral yikes
hmmm negator hnegative neutral ladd neutral neutral neutral positive neutral we positive her negator of neutral weights and her neutral performances positive eh
neutral hpositive looked neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral would neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral positive lookin neutral
neutral neutral heard of neutral neutral punches , neutral neutral neutral ladd throws neutral punches
neutral seconds neutral positive intensifier negative
neutral neutral neutral , the judges neutral neutral neutral to the neutral
neutral judging
ladd negator gonna neutral , waits neutral the to neutral positive she gives neutral shit
thi pacing positive hnegative . booooooo
pach
neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral positive muhammad ali 's neutral neutral having negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive intensifier negative
wuddup neutral degens . rooting for neutral . neutral her positive higashi lfg
intensifier higashi is… hnegative
florian gotta negative neutral with the neutral neutral
neutral shit neutral neutral neutral of neutral ?
intensifier ! hpositive what we needed neutral the neutral neutral .
headshot ded
hpositive headshot
neutral the neutral
thi neutral positive neutral positive she positive neutral hpositive and negator hpositive neutral positive
positive to neutral if positive with jon neutral positive gonna neutral hnegative for yorgan neutral castro and mauric greene neutral
neutral these guys' ringcraft positive doodoo . marques keeps neutral positive neutral and neutral hnegative the neutral and positive neutral castro hpositive lets him multistop neutral neutral to the neutral neutral lol
thi neutral with the neutral sucks
rounds of patty-cake
neutral intensifier hpositive neutral could positive pfl , neutral neutral positive someth neutral them that positive hpositive intensifier intensifier neutral .
lol that hnegative
if that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral tickets
seems positive neutral positive positive for marques to neutral . neutral castro positive negative neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral
what negative hnegative neutral .
neutral would negator neutral positive neutral that positive
my neutral hpositive neutral hnegative the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the hnegative , hpositive neutral
neutral neutral looks positive neutral positive neutral someth from the jon neutral neutral , hnegative neutral castro .
bro if neutral kneed neutral neutral the neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive my pantleg
intensifier that neutral hnegative positive someth
the commentators neutral positive monks neutral neutral neutral when they neutral their hands positive
neutral neutral thi shit neutral positive minutes neutral , when positive the neutral neutral neutral to neutral ? lol
neutral neutral positive that the negative positive points neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral incentives , neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive that neutral castro / marques neutral if they neutral negator neutral them .
they neutral neutral to neutral jake neutral neutral neutral joe riggs neutral diminisher shit neutral negator they
intensifier neutral they neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ?
neutral jeez , neutral neutral positive neutral they neutral positive ali 's neutral intensifier neutral - they negative him to neutral the negative for jake neutral 's pfl neutral .
negator of the negative skills positive passed positive ali 's neutral neutral neutral
ladd negator positive hpositive
neutral the neutral neutral tightening positive hnegative
neutral negator neutral if ladd has regressed , neutral if she neutral neutral positive thi neutral dure her positive
neutral ladd 's movements neutral negative lol
neutral ladd 's boyfriend / neutral neutral to neutral neutral her diminisher intensifier
marques for neutral yorgan 's neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral
fuck neutral hpositive neutral surprised neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral starts
hpositive seems hnegative neutral higashi into thi neutral lol
doodling dure fights , intensifier hpositive
sobek started hpositive neutral neutral neutral she loses negative
positive , mokhnatkina gets neutral negative neutral negator neutral positive martins wins negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative she positive neutral the pfl positive neutral to neutral .
neutral shit
she positive hpositive eye'd
neutral neutral the neutral neutral lol
positive neutral that positive neutral neutral positive for her neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations she neutral hpositive someth of herself
hnegative positive , hpositive they positive neutral intensifier replays than hpositive the neutral neutral
neutral fuck hnegative neutral kik
mauric neutral ?
positive multistop neutral neutral hpositive realized neutral neutral 's dreads neutral neutral the neutral multistop neutral neutral positive to neutral them neutral retwisted multistop negator that neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral anyth neutral they neutral neutral negative multistop
if marques 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral cornmeal .
ufc neutral rn
ali walsh positive neutral ammys and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral prolly positive neutral hpositive than thi
boooo !
danilo neutral neutral positive neutral someth idk . neutral positive neutral hnegative hw fights
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that sinc neutral vs wunderboy
positive that neutral hnegative
negative neutral neutral , negator deserves neutral positive
neutral multistop they neutral putting negative ammy neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral positive nong-o vs haggerty neutral neutral , my hnegative positive immesurable and my neutral positive hnegative
neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral positive neutral hnegative than the neutral . neutral ? multistop neutral ?
neutral neutral negator hpositive if jake neutral neutral the neutral positive the neutral they neutral neutral positive .
neutral negative negator , if thi positive neutral neutral fest neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral grabbing neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral lol
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral pfl neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral , pfl positive neutral to my neutral negative and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive if neutral positive to neutral neutral these fights neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral
fuckin negative we ain't started neutral positive ? positive for the neutral neutral and neutral neutral
neutral hype for ali 's neutral ? neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral fights positive
negative neutral neutral ? wtf
ali sounds negative neutral shit .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative we would negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral kolesnyk neutral to neutral her neutral to hpositive neutral ?
neutral neutral the dj thi positive negator the neutral of thi neutral
what neutral of neutral positive ladds neutral ?
neutral hpositive how adalaide byrd positive neutral negative positive / neutral neutral neutral these fights neutral . she positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral
we neutral witnessing neutral of the fights of neutral neutral .
neutral anybodi positive you neutral neutral kolesnyk ? thi seems positive the hpositive neutral anybodi could neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral pfl
nsac positive negator negative their positive to pfl shows
neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive of kayla harrison
lol , they neutral neutral looked neutral when they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive and neutral judging intensifier impressed
legit laughed neutral positive neutral the neutral . ladd positive hnegative .
neutral positive how the neutral keeps neutral intensifier negative for neutral diminisher seconds . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral minutes . gotta neutral . neutral positive neutral negative .
*sat neutral neutral down* .
neutral neutral neutral shit neutral neutral neutral , boys .
neutral 's intensifier intensifier hnegative lol .
kayla harrison neutral neutral neutral from her neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral jr . positive her neutral neutral . neutral for neutral neutral with your neutral mom hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the receiving neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
what would neutral if you neutral jessica andrade neutral cheeseburgers for months
larissa neutral to neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral and neutral she neutral negator neutral hnegative . neutral neutral and positive .
neutral expected neutral pacheco masterclass positive negator neutral that
budd positive jacked multiexclamation positive positive neutral neutral gsp .
elbows would neutral everyth neutral the pfl multistop
hpositive how hnegative positive kayla harrison ?
hpositive has triumphed neutral the neutral
that hnegative neutral neutral negator hpositive shit
they should neutral women 's negative women 's negative .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive to pfl , negative weeks neutral , someth neutral the neutral neutral makes neutral neutral pfl fighters neutral intensifier neutral with neutral and wrestlefucking to neutral neutral wins positive to the neutral neutral year-end neutral . — neutral positive negator negative neutral becaus neutral positive negator hpositive neutral negative , neutral neutral negative that eliminates you from positive neutral neutral the neutral .
that neutral girls neutral positive wrecked .
neutral
damnnnnn
negator scoped
thi women 's negative neutral positive hnegative to neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral meagan negator neutral that intensifier neutral & delts
neutral negator neutral castro neutral to neutral golstov neutral neutral neutral for delija ? positive delija neutral of the neutral neutral ?
these dudes neutral scared of neutral hnegative
the positive " neutral 's neutral " from the neutral when they neutral neutral neutral
women 's neutral neutral neutral hpositive
kayla harrison positive neutral from the hnegative .
the neutral neutral
thi mf'er gassed neutral to minutes of clinching
neutral positive jake neutral positive signed with pfl neutral lmao
the negative neutral the neutral years has regressed years . neutral fking hnegative neutral . neutral coleman and positive frye from the neutral would neutral these dudes hpositive
greene neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral lmaoo
greene looked hpositive than neutral has neutral years . neutral negator neutral that neutral hpositive for him .
greene positive with neutral neutral hnegative . looks neutral hpositive than the neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral the ufc
nunes neutral neutral and hnegative multistop and if mauric greene could hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier multistop neutral would neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive when neutral multistop
thi shit positive negative per neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral .
positive with womens neutral positive that neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral pfl , ufc , and bellator and negator that neutral to neutral with . neutral if the neutral negative with those orgs neutral would positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral to neutral .
for the hpositive of neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral onde negative neutral neutral
that neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative .
“ negator neutral the neutral ” neutral that neutral neutral
negative , negative neutral positive neutral neutral
lol thi promo seems positive the neutral neutral of positive disputes with kayla .
neutral positive how negative sefo looked neutral her that neutral
intensifier they neutral her hnegative with that neutral pov neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral has positive shit ! negator neutral hpositive neutral for thi neutral
“ neutral you neutral neutral to neutral ~~dinosaurs~~ mma fights neutral your ~~dinosaur tour~~ mma neutral , neutral ? ”
neutral , intensifier neutral positive cappelozza the positive ?
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral these fights neutral we neutral
how neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral ?
neutral hpositive ali neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral if thi neutral gets neutral neutral they neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral
keys to positive : neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral ali 's neutral .
neutral wtf thi positive muhammed ali 's neutral
negator hnegative the kid , hpositive pfl for deciding to neutral him thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
pfl neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral they neutral neutral of neutral ? neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral ?
hpositive positive neutral neutral diminisher minutes neutral and they positive positive negative neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral ?
thi seems positive neutral positive neutral negative hpositive neutral for pacheco . positive anybodi positive thi neutral intensifier neutral her negative ?
neutral neutral terrified for ladd . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral
neutral neutral that ryan neutral you negator hpositive neutral
ladd has neutral negative , neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral their neutral and neutral .
ladd 's punches neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth
ladd has diminisher of the neutral telegraphed neutral attempts and if she negator neutral you positive you neutral how hnegative her neutral positive
bethe correia-esque positive apen ladd with her strikes , joe
ufc negative neutral ladd negator neutral for shit
neutral , neutral neutral . that positive diminisher negative .
seconds neutral wtf
neutral neutral positive checking their neutral neutral
thi makes neutral neutral the ufc having jessica andrade , welli , and joanna neutral neutral she neutral
neutral of them commentators neutral neutral hnegative neutral lmao
the neutral bouts positive shits neutral the neutral neutral .
scheffel looks positive neutral neutral robbie lawler
cappelozza looks positive neutral neutral neutral neutral rodrigues and yoel romero
okay , that neutral neutral of negator .
intensifier , scheffel neutral neutral him and positive neutral
neutral hpositive what neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral winners of neutral fights than neutral neutral for decisions ? pfl sucks .
jake neutral vs neutral neutral positive the neutral 's neutral neutral
if the pfl positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral of points , and positive hpositive neutral and tightened neutral the hnegative neutral neutral they could neutral neutral intensifier hpositive mma neutral
kayla harrison positive neutral positive alic , the neutral from superjail
budd 's positive neutral *hell of neutral core* .
bellator > pfl
negative neutral diminisher bc budd for my neutral neutral neutral neutral
julia budd positive intensifier positive julia tren
budd having flashbacks of her neutral with cyborg neutral neutral
rooting for the neutral neutral neutral .
kayla : neutral mooment for fuck 's neutral !

budd neutral positive hpositive than neutral expected negative
the hnegative positive pacheco fights positive positive jessica andrade . they neutral the neutral neutral weaknesses .
positive neutral neutral julia budd neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop she looks intensifier neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral multistop neutral : neutral neutral
neutral armbar neutral from julia
that neutral neutral neutral the bg
fans neutral smarter than neutral .
neutral how the headkick neutral negator diminisher the fastest neutral
neutral neutral of the judges scorecards positive hpositive hnegative . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral pacheco neutral the neutral neutral . neutral negative when she pulled that neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral her the neutral neutral julia budd looked neutral ! hpositive for her . negative positive positive negator the neutral neutral neutral for pacheco .
neutral positive neutral to neutral charges if they showed the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive yeeted
neutral ladd looks positive she has the negative of neutral neutral
yordan positive if megan positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
she positive that brian ortega neutral
they neutral neutral positive intensifier negative . hands positive , neutral hooks , neutral transitions neutral the neutral where they neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral slams their neutral neutral to the neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral
intensifier negative neutral
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral ?
cmon neutral multiexclamation sobek neutral neutral
sobek positive the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral . neutral would positive neutral you and neutral you neutral , intensifier negative .
martins
sobek positive neutral to clinching lmao
neutral shit
intensifier
intensifier multiexclamation hpositive for her multiexclamation
wowza
intensifier , that neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral neutral that they neutral neutral savy neutral the photoshop neutral the photos positive negative neutral .
neutral neutral
oam vs burgos positive negative neutral neutral neutral .
positive biaggio neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral the espn lineup . neutral pulled neutral ?
if your yorgan wins thi with strikes neutral
when marques started hnegative , neutral castro neutral positive , neutral , neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral ?
intensifier intensifier neutral delija hpositive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral anymore ? neutral negator neutral the rankings
intensifier hoping to neutral mauric greene neutral neutral
neutral if negator neutral neutral neutral the pacing positive neutral .
greene neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral of neutral neutral of cigs neutral neutral to neutral for thi . neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive : ( positive )
marcelo 's neutral looks hnegative
nunes keeps neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive .
uh neutral ! nunes positive gassed !
mauric neutral neutral that dudes neutral neutral
bro wtf neutral nunes neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral mauric greene positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral seems positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
marcelo 's neutral looked hnegative neutral for negative standards . negative
pfl positive neutral neutral neutral ufc .
neutral megan hpositive neutral sudoku neutral neutral tv with that neutral ?
the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive nunes neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral multistop ?
neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive the pacing neutral ?
kuniev positive diminisher hnegative bacne
neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that negative neutral neutral 's neutral ?
neutral minutes neutral the neutral neutral
lol that's… negator negative hpositive promo positive
negative hpositive ?
neutral intensifier neutral jake neutral multistop neutral positive intensifier positive and intensifier neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral them neutral the neutral and him neutral promoted from neutral
neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral flava flav neutral neutral hpositive neutral
lowkey positive neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral
neutral hpositive him from the neutral neutral , neutral couldnt neutral with that positive neutral
biaggio 's preflight neutral neutral positive zoolander-like .
neutral should neutral to negative neutral fights for neutral negative hw neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive
negative negative neutral neutral neutral champs ? positive neutral you positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral neutral neutral of defending the neutral neutral of the neutral ?
what neutral neutral to neutral with neutral neutral ?
intensifier they neutral positive neutral pachecos hands for ages neutral
intensifier yeeted neutral neutral lesssgokoo
neutral " meh " ladd
positive that justin roberts announcing ?
neutral of the neutral for the neutral multistop
okay cmon ladd you neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral you neutral neutral neutral lfg
neutral that neutral neutral neutral antlers ?
she positive neutral stronger than ladd ragdolling diminisher neutral
ladd positive neutral eagles neutral her gloves neutral neutral neutral
ladd hpositive neutral positive neutral
lol , they positive to neutral the neutral
neutral neutral the neutral
neutral the ufc neutral shane burgos ? negative if intensifier
positive neutral neutral positive neutral glover for neutral neutral
thi neutral neutral feelings positive we neutral into the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral .
scheffel positive neutral him ? intensifier
scheffel 's neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral
intensifier , sheffel neutral positive hpositive , negative
hnegative neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral the eyes .
im neutral mma and neutral neutral neutral to neutral jake neutral negative neutral neutral webcam negator diminisher
intensifier , that neutral positive intensifier intensifier hnegative .
budd neutral neutral fuck neutral we neutral expected
negative negative neutral julia neutral 's neutral !
neutral understands neutral neutral
pacheco neutral negator hpositive how to neutral hnegative the neutral , that what neutral neutral positive from thi intensifier neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral budd
idk
positive that neutral hpositive neutral simpson neutral neutral her neutral ?
positive that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral they announcing neutral neutral what
neutral , those stats hpositive neutral positive
omg neutral intensifier positive ladd joined pfl lmao neutral 's neutral her neutral
aspenn positive intensifier hnegative , her neutral neutral neutral neutral wayback neutral shows how hnegative of neutral neutral neutral positive .
thi positive the neutral where her neutral positive her neutral and slaps the fuck neutral of her neutral the neutral when she positive neutral intensifier . you neutral hnegative the neutral antics
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral that neutral they neutral the positive *don't* neutral to pfl . unless you neutral neutral neutral the ufc . which'd neutral neutral the ufc . we positive neutral neutral to neutral cards . neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral noticed that of neutral of muhammad ali 's grandchildren that neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral looks positive him multistop
pgl neutral neutral neutral
neutral these neutral neutral fighters positive
if you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
aw negator yorgan ? neutral would've positive positive to neutral the positive positive 's hpositive neutral cries neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral pfl fighters neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to pfl countdown neutral someth ?
neutral diminisher the neutral of misfits and ufc rejects .
soooo neutral they hpositive women 's positive for ladd ?
neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral womens
neutral intensifier negative ladd to neutral budd
she walked neutral to neutral dreamers , intensifier that hpositive neutral neutral diminisher negative of neutral that neutral of naruto neutral neutral .

neutral she positive hnegative
neutral neutral the fights “ neutral fights ” ? neutral prelims ?
negative hnegative neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral
sobek has neutral diminisher negator with neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral thi neutral for martins . martins neutral hpositive strikes neutral the feet and neutral diminisher neutral neutral that neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral , sobek positive the neutral for minutes neutral neutral neutral the neutral evelyn neutral intensifier negative from her neutral and positive the “ neutral neutral ”
martins neutral : neutral and neutral
martins
neutral shit neutral neutral neutral ?
hpositive that neutral of leibrock . “ she positive neutral neutral , neutral , neutral neutral . ” neutral negative intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral her .
cmon leibrock neutral her with that neutral neutral !
hoooooofuck gotter
headshot hpositive
thi neutral hnegative positive hnegative .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral someth neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi positive hnegative .
neutral hpositive noticed their neutral has neutral . neutral positive positive they positive positive neutral the ufc has positive neutral neutral neutral we neutral hpositive
the judges hnegative neutral thi neutral to the neutral
trapcity meagan
wtf positive thi neutral neutral
ludacris multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations mauric greene neutral neutral neutral positive neutral multistop
foty neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive how neutral greene neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative
positive . nunez fights positive neutral neutral
pfl neutral positive “ neutral neutral ” and neutral neutral the neutral obscured neutral neutral the neutral
greene gassed
hnegative negative
lmaoo neutral neutral looked hpositive
that knickname instills hnegative neutral neutral lol
thi should neutral neutral hpositive neutral
thi neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral hyped for neutral neutral with how hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral
intensifier hnegative that positive neutral brooks koepka .
neutral multistop and neutral negative
soad lessssgoo multiexclamation
kuniev
harrison positive hpositive
these mph stats neutral hnegative . negative neutral
negator discounting neutral struggles multistop neutral positive negator negative rv hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral hpositive than neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral wyle
afl
neutral neutral silvers sponsoring pfl ? negative from the neutral
neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative mins neutral the neutral neutral prob
neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive thi the neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ?
neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral !
they negator neutral neutral ads neutral someth to negative thi neutral ?
the neutral that yelled “ steelers ” neutral neutral 's neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral . lewis' hobbies off-the-field .
the negative diff neutral megan vs neutral
megan dwarfs ladd & ladd positive negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral mogged neutral megan neutral
intensifier megan looked hnegative neutral compared to neutral
jim neutral neutral groomer neutral positive barri
neutral neutral negator negator neutral of the megan neutral positive tim kennedy meme
we neutral knda neutral of neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral
they neutral her neutral becaus she neutral neutral
/r/justfuckmyshitup
neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral neutral to neutral neutral kolensyk neutral neutral could negator hpositive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral of you hpositive of neutral sites neutral that neutral you you neutral neutral pfl ? ladd neutral neutral negative positive of neutral positive
hnegative neutral neutral , she positive neutral positive to rounds
ladd positive neutral neutral her diminisher than neutral for the neutral
neutral that neutral frustrating neutral neutral kolesnyk neutral
seconds neutral ? !
positive rooting for ladd neutral if she wins neutral positive neutral negative
what neutral kolesnyk neutral neutral neutral ?
positive neutral delija neutral for pfl thi neutral ?
pepas positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral aljo neutral neutral neutral jacksonville
neutral fuck that neutral positive neutral neutral fuck for neutral neutral .
julia budd neutral neutral positive multistop neutral neutral neutral positive neutral if she positive neutral that neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations she neutral hnegative multistop
negator neutral neutral . budd means neutral . neutral 's neutral if she neutral neutral username pacheco 's neutral .
when neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral the announcers positive " neutral neutral ! " and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
idk neutral she neutral neutral
budd looks gassed multistop

budd , that shit neutral hnegative ‍️
neutral anavar bunnies neutral neutral neutral , lets neutral neutral wins
neutral negative chipotle
my neutral thi neutral with the neutral that they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive godawful
neutral negator hpositive if they positive gonna neutral neutral the neutral , fuck
hmmmm idk what to neutral neutral that
pfl has positive hnegative to stoppages neutral neutral and thi . neutral positive that ? neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral fights negative the neutral ?
the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's gooooo
megan neutral positive the positive sanko neutral with diminisher intensifier psycho neutral
neutral intensifier we positive muhammad alis neutral neutral mma neutral neutral ? negative neutral .
how neutral martins neutral positive neutral with neutral those neutral sores neutral her neutral ?
negative . greene positive looked positive neutral neutral . has neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral looked neutral .
neutral ? neutral .
she positive neutral intensifier you hpositive she has negator to hnegative and neutral to neutral her positive neutral neutral ladd
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral diminisher of the hnegative organizations neutral that neutral the neutral
you negator negative ukrainians multistop
positive andrade positive negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral the feet negative budd has the positive neutral hpositive .
megan neutral positive negative
the neutral jake neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . ‍️
neutral neutral thi cunts hnegative diminisher neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral into pros fuuuuck yall lfg ali multiexclamation
ladd positive neutral to hnegative
tinkie winkie
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive negative pfl hw neutral . hnegative neutral of hws neutral thi neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral women 's neutral when neutral hnegative promotions neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive pfl neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for ufc videos neutral youtube . neutral to neutral mma to neutral . thi greene neutral positive negative
she positive looks intensifier hpositive compared to when she cuts neutral . positive neutral and neutral . intensifier , neutral the neutral .
neutral heavyweights neutral the neutral neutral negative
neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral
pacheco rd . multiquestion
neutral imo
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral for shit . neutral thi neutral pfl , neutral thi positive hnegative
hey guys kfc has neutral nuggies neutral and they positive neutral neutral .
positive negator hnegative neutral neutral that
lmao the neutral neutral should nawt neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral recovering from neutral neutral . that positive hpositive negative .
neutral neutral neutral
positive thi for neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive ngannou positive neutral neutral neutral pfl - to anyon neutral to neutral with neutral . where neutral positive neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral neutral to the ufc . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral to negative the neutral neutral positive asking for and neutral positive negator neutral neutral to what the ufc offered him .
neutral neutral neutral thi ukraine chicks fights . she positive intensifier hnegative negative . should've positive neutral gimme positive for ladd
- budd ?
neutral intensifier positive if neutral positive neutral . neutral of them would neutral the greatest neutral of neutral neutral if positive my negative . neutral hpositive neutral negator negative neutral neutral the neutral them neutral .
neutral neutral multiexclamation when neutral the neutral wmma neutral neutral that positive ? ! neutral neutral ronda ?
neutral neutral cans if we neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ; positive positive neutral into the neutral . she neutral negator positive the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral , , neutral neutral pfl neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral espn lol
positive neutral anyth intensifier hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ? amanda nunes hpositive neutral the hnegative .
has to neutral neutral hpositive neutral than neutral neutral , neutral ?
positive khalifa neutral neutral dogg ? positive neutral neutral modelo ? neutral 's hpositive neutral hpositive neutral ladd neutral mackenzie dern ?
neutral 's neutral !
anyon positive neutral kuniev to positive
positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral to the internet positive neutral hnegative tv ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral mma neutral and negator neutral negative neutral .
blablabla
these women neutral diminisher neutral
positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hands lol
neutral neutral neutral
she neutral
hpositive neutral the neutral
neutral neutral kayla harrison negator neutral negative neutral neutral with larissa pacheco ?
megan neutral , neutral ?
dammit , hpositive neutral positive espn+
shit , sobek gonna hnegative , grabbing limbs neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral
brazilians intensifier hpositive that neutral neutral . hasn't neutral positive neutral neutral for positive years neutral ?
neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral means intensifier than negator neutral neutral neutral
how 's the hype for thi neutral ? neutral hpositive ones to neutral neutral for ?
thi positive positive negative .
neutral that neutral neutral neutral .
stoolgate returns
neutral neutral neutral that thang neutral neutral
hpositive for mauric . nunez neutral neutral shit , hpositive to neutral him has himself to negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral ? that positive positive
larissa looks positive neutral positive jessica andrade
neutral my neutral neutral budd
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral positive intensifier negator neutral matchup for kayla
what the fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier years and neutral negator blows neutral
>i neutral neutral arbys for neutral neutral
intensifier hpositive and negator neutral promo neutral
neutral neutral seems neutral to neutral that grandsons would negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral how ali neutral neutral . you positive neutral they neutral him neutral from neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral floyd patterson 's neutral neutral negative
my balls neutral neutral neutral - hnegative
these boys neutral positive
them rights positive negative
neutral . flav positive hpositive neutral
ali intensifier what ? that positive neutral !
hpositive than neutral negative of the hw fights earlier
what neutral we neutral for multiquestion neutral positive neutral tko
neutral hnegative neutral that neutral women 's neutral for thi multistop neutral intensifier hpositive thi neutral , becaus neutral neutral that neutral hnegative . the intensifier neutral positive negative ! of neutral they neutral neutral the players neutral !
neutral ladd hpositive neutral ?
lololol .
neutral jane positive intensifier neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral positive .
neutral hnegative the neutral ladd neutral wanna neutral negative neutral neutral hands neutral her positive neutral negative from neutral neutral neutral of ua thi negator neutral multiexclamation
neutral pacheco neutral neutral ?
ufc hpositive neutral neutral olena kolesnyk and neutral neutral to neutral neutral her neutral she takes neutral neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral / hype neutral ladd
im hnegative they neutral thi
neutral
thi intensifier neutral could neutral neutral neutral
neutral thi positive neutral to neutral negative neutral to neutral .
positive the announcing neutral hnegative rockin neutral neutral ? intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral
neutral neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral folks negative ladd ?
they hpositive neutral ladd to neutral neutral ears , roooooooobbery multiexclamation
neutral them subtitles positive confusing asf negative and neutral negator hpositive
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral announcing the neutral neutral
they neutral to negative that neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral , could larissa neutral if she competes neutral neutral weights ?
neutral neutral pajamas neutral the pfl
budd positive neutral neutral neutral ?
masterclass neutral the neutral
hnegative neutral
pacheco 's neutral from the negative of neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive ryan neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator anyon neutral neutral neutral
positive into negator
neutral noticed that negative lmao
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral shit neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral hpositive of . neutral addicts neutral having neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral negative hpositive makes you neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive than when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with positive neutral diminisher neutral
neutral neutral for ladd
neutral negator neutral for that ammy neutral neutral .
those ghosts she murdered would neutral
neutral neutral fights with the boyssss
neutral positive intensifier negator
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
hahahaha fuck neutral negator unse that neutral
positive to hpositive neutral neutral cares neutral neutral fights .
neutral neutral they should neutral womens heavyweights , diminisher positive ole negative mommas neutral positive
ah positive , the ( neutral ) positive neutral lol
neutral feelings positive neutral hnegative neutral laundering neutral lol
hpositive neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral bites
neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral rn
neutral missed the neutral fights and neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive dudes neutral neutral circles neutral eachothers legs for mins neutral they neutral neutral the “ neutral neutral ” neutral neutral to neutral putting neutral neutral neutral castro
noo , neutral neutral neutral
neutral our hnegative , neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral ( promos ) neutral
has she neutral
neutral hpositive if neutral positive rastafarian neutral hpositive likes the neutral
yep
for positive minutes neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral negative negative and negative neutral positive . neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral and neutral that shit neutral youtube . neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the prelims intensifier neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative lol
neutral neutral neutral and neutral your nintendo neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to thi neutral neutral vegas , neutral neutral positive neutral positive intensifier , and for diminisher neutral , neutral neutral
neutral neutral ?
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ammys and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ammy intensifier multistop
millidanas
for the neutral of sponsors and neutral neutral espn the neutral positive intensifier shitty
neutral dfreinc neutral neutral
negative neutral , negative neutral
neutral neutral we hpositive neutral women 's negative gabi garcia
neutral neutral that neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral hype from and neutral wanna prob neutral if the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral positive neutral youtube .
neutral negative neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral what you neutral , hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral tv and neutral positive commercials
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral

neutral positive woken neutral neutral the neutral lol
she neutral the neutral positive neutral negative invicta neutral neutral diminisher weeks neutral , neutral the self-deprecation positive what positive her neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral positive with pfl , they intensifier neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral
hpositive these brownies should neutral neutral neutral positive
the neutral neutral of pfl neutral the neutral seasons hpositive positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of pfl neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral to warriors neutral neutral nba neutral .
nah neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive you neutral neutral neutral bucks , you neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral announced neutral to your neutral neutral fights that you neutral the negative and negative neutral neutral
she has that neutral neutral neutral positive cormier
neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral diminisher miscommunication where they fucked neutral and neutral him neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral heard neutral positive they messed someth neutral
burgos neutral the ufc
negator , neutral neutral hnegative positive and signed with the pfl .
they neutral negator neutral him , neutral positive neutral neutral messed neutral neutral negator resigning him
the neutral positive copyrighted
the neutral positive trademarked , they neutral to neutral with neutral hpositive neutral
she positive hpositive , positive pfl neutral of neutral neutral neutral her neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral
greene positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral with the boi
neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral marques' chinni , outpointing neutral and ydc 's intensifier neutral neutral . hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral negative negative headkick negative . neutral negative neutral neutral positive shit neutral neutral the negative of finishes ?
tbf thi neutral has has to stoppages neutral of fights intensifier neutral
that neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral fights positive positive and the neutral resulted neutral neutral of pfl 's hpositive highlights neutral neutral neutral
the negative positive negative your neutral negative to what positive neutral neutral the ufc and bellator neutral neutral the heavyweights they negative
intensifier hpositive to positive hnegative of harrison
kayla harrison exists .
neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral for kayla harrison lol .
neutral neutral positive women neutral neutral wanna neutral for neutral milli . negator that hnegative
whose neutral neutral hpositive lol
nope neutral positive what makes pfl hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral would anyon neutral neutral neutral the neutral if neutral neutral neutral ? negator neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral against franci for
neutral negator hpositive if they neutral neutral him neutral to negative himself to neutral these cans
bruh
neutral negator neutral that hpositive neutral you positive neutral
neutral positive neutral mma negator neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negative neutral neutral . the rules neutral negator the neutral .
valentina hpositive neutral
shev vs neutral
neutral weili
neutral positive heavyweights and women 's featherweights lol
hpositive negative minutes of neutral neutral
she wanted neutral neutral and probs neutral negator negative to neutral to
negator intensifier unless you wanna neutral muhammad ali 's neutral neutral you neutral neutral the neutral neutral
mauric greene positive jon neutral positive neutral if that neutral anyth for you .
neutral to neutral that neutral neutral .
they positive neutral felicia neutral positive and she neutral . bellator positive neutral pam sorenson positive , positive guardado might've neutral neutral , and pacheco positive with pfl negative .
the ufc neutral the positive to neutral her positive fans' throats , neutral neutral neutral became positive she hpositive positive negator intensifier hpositive .
neutral you neutral her neutral ? she positive hnegative .
ali intensifier neutral neutral has nepo babies neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral . neutral makes negator positive neutral neutral . espn neutral , hpositive commentators , neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral crowds neutral neutral negative fights . neutral positive neutral hnegative . the hnegative neutral and neutral neutral that negator neutral cares neutral .
cheers neutral , negative the negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral mcdonald 's combo — intensifier neutral — with neutral neutral neutral milkshake and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive to of them would neutral negative jobs negative , intensifier neutral positive negative neutral of neutral negative to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral we neutral the hpositive neutral neutral
my positive negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral toward neutral . hpositive negator neutral to neutral neutral , , hpositive positive neutral neutral buddeh
neutral we neutral hpositive ! neutral we neutral !
neutral neutral multiexclamation how could neutral positive
neutral enjoyed her neutral neutral invictica . hnegative she negator transitioned neutral neutral the positive leagues .
positive neutral neutral neutral loved her neutral ufc neutral . for the neutral neutral she neutral neutral positive shit neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral .
what neutral neutral neutral to hpositive thi
neutral the undercard hpositive neutral intensifier stacked to neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral positive neutral
negator wants to neutral thi shit
neutral that sucks , hnegative vancouver

peña with the neutral positive from neutral thi neutral , the neutral positive negator hpositive what to neutral
neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral the neutral with these cards
neutral hpositive moved my neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral

they neutral neutral gonna neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral prices
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for these .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative for thi neutral
hpositive wb michel positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of thi
neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral 's neutral positive positive positive and hasn't positive neutral nunes positive intensifier neutral neutral . her neutral positive iren aldana . neutral neutral negator they hpositive that neutral ?
what happened to nunes vs aldana ?
and the neutral goessssss neutral
negative , that positive how you neutral to neutral ? that fuckin neutral , the neutral hpositive neutral stacked to negative neutral neutral that positive negator hpositive neutral for thi bs .
noooooooooooooooooooo multiexclamation
lmfao of neutral neutral positive the vancouver neutral negative . positive negator neutral neutral for thi shit .
intensifier neutral they neutral negator wanna neutral neutral vs belal becaus they neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral they neutral neutral intensifier nunes the neutral to cards ? positive
neutral positive neutral neutral ppv buys neutral
neutral intensifier neutral neutral . ufc neutral gives neutral diminisher bullshit
lmfao neutral hates neutral
lol , neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
calgary hpositive missed neutral neutral
thi positive intensifier negative pena neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive negative neutral neutral to neutral lmao
neutral the neutral neutral of my sails positive , neutral intensifier stoked to neutral they neutral neutral to vancouver , neutral intensifier hoping for gaethje vs poirier neutral the neutral neutral , thi positive intensifier hnegative neutral terms of ppv neutral events and neutral neutral neutral attending thi neutral .
lol
neutral wanted to neutral iren negative

negative thi positive the positive they could neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral . they neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral espn
ufc neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral positive ppv events neutral the neutral months . the neutral neutral cards neutral negator positive stacked neutral , what gives ?
neutral the neutral for fuck neutral
you gotta neutral kidding neutral . neutral neutral hnegative negative the timeline for neutral the neutral fights neutral neutral could neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral sinc ufc we neutral positive neutral numbered neutral and neutral positive thi fight… multistop neutral
neutral neutral that negator neutral wanted , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral asked for thi neutral peña . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator anyon neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive shows how neutral nunes cleared neutral the neutral .
lmao neutral positive negator gonna neutral asking for neutral neutral neutral thi
neutral : we neutral neutral neutral to neutral multiexclamation ….with the neutral neutral negator neutral wanted to neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral ufc fans ‘f*$k hnegative eh ! '
neutral positive diminisher neutral nunes neutral valentina iii and aldana neutral pena for neutral neutral .
negator neutral gonna negative pirating that
neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral to hpositive neutral neutral the colby neutral neutral neutral putting neutral thi neutral of neutral neutral .
what neutral positive
gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral hnegative neutral shots
intensifier neutral what neutral vancouver neutral to hpositive thi ?
neutral , ufc cards neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . feelings positive neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral these neutral
ppv
lmfao neutral neutral thier positive negator neutral neutral lol
neutral why…
they could negator neutral neutral to neutral thi
neutral letting neutral hpositive matches . neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral ufc neutral .
if that positive negator positive you negative positive you should neutral neutral for the co-main : neutral vs carla
wtf
oy vey
thi positive trudeau 's neutral ^
intensifier wanted to neutral to thi positive it'd neutral neutral calgary , neutral neutral neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral the neutral to vancouver . intensifier that sucks
neutral everyon called thi . negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral announced neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral . intensifier .
hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral kms for thi , neutral with thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
thi should've positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral
neutral ? that positive the neutral neutral multistop neutral they intensifier neutral neutral hnegative with thi neutral . thi positive negator how you neutral neutral of your positive neutral neutral
gonna neutral neutral and neutral that
neutral neutral thi positive negator neutral toronto
w-why ?
neutral ?
neutral neutral
neutral we neutral with the neutral fights for neutral minutes multiexclamation
neutral ?
positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral than juliana pena ? neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral nunes' hnegative and positive neutral and neutral , neutral the intensifier nunes and gets neutral , positive positive negative neutral neutral neutral against the neutral neutral ( for diminisher neutral ) . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . she positive negator that hpositive .
neutral ? neutral neutral ? thi could neutral neutral co-main , neutral to neutral and neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral negator that hyped neutral thi neutral . positive how the neutral of the neutral looks positive .
ufc positive positive their wwe neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wins neutral negative .
neutral multiquestion neutral neutral peña hpositive neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral negative of negative from neutral negative of dudes that would neutral their asses whooped neutral neutral neutral lol
you guys negative to neutral neutral negative neutral pay-per-view multistop neutral would negator neutral neutral against nunes if you positive neutral neutral to my neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral that she loses , unless she has neutral neutral and neutral nutella for neutral positive neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral she positive neutral hnegative of neutral positive .
neutral negative they neutral negator negative to neutral tickets and ppv
lmao neutral neutral ?
scared of aldana neutral negative .
neutral neutral to neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral ariel
hpositive neutral hpositive neutral for nunes . sucks for fans neutral , unless neutral positive neutral pena neutral the shit neutral neutral of her
what neutral shit neutral
wtf , pena positive neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive she positive slaughtered neutral neutral lol
neutral ?
hpositive the neutral of the neutral positive positive stacked becaus that neutral blows
what neutral buzzkill
neutral neutral what neutral hnegative neutral to neutral . lets hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier pieced neutral neutral rounds . neutral sparser than my neutral .
neutral
neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral , positive .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral for the neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral hpositive 's positive neutral ?
neutral they neutral gonna negative the ppv neutral to intensifier neutral positive negative
shit neutral . calgary positive the intensifier neutral neutral hpositive their neutral neutral for neutral playoff games .
that neutral sucks . neutral neutral hrs from vancouver . neutral pumped to neutral until that neutral neutral neutral
neutral to neutral nunes neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator negative intensifier neutral pena
the negative neutral , “ neutral positive neutral neutral ufc neutral , that positive hpositive , the ufc neutral positive neutral held neutral bc , that positive hnegative , the ufc neutral positive neutral neutral of the positive athletes neutral to neutral their neutral neutral , that positive hpositive , the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , d'oh ”
neutral fuck yourself neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral shitty neutral neutral vancouver
negator neutral cares hnegative
ufc neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral nunes vs peña to would neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral of wmma . neutral hpositive how neutral ppv buys neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and that positive neutral they neutral neutral thi hnegative neutral .
hnegative ppv of the neutral
hnegative neutral neutral when you neutral thi subreddit multistop positive mods for hpositive neutral neutral from thi neutral
we positive ourselv the neutral cain-jds neutral neutral
thi intensifier neutral neutral , neutral hnegative shit .
thi blows…
canadians neutral shambles

neutral
what positive the neutral of thi multiquestion
neutral

neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive that neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral should neutral neutral neutral negative that they neutral and neutral positive negator intensifier neutral hnegative contenders
peña wants to neutral manhandled neutral . she positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral children than neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than pena . neutral to neutral pretending the women neutral negator neutral decades neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral ppv . neutral them neutral to invicta .
the neutral has neutral neutral
thi neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for negator neutral . neutral mixes neutral with neutral neutral .
neutral negative they neutral gonna neutral weili / lemos for neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral for the london ppv
what happened to aldana ? they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral her and neutral neutral negator they ? neutral fuck neutral .
you neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral ?
thi positive sucks
amanda 's gonna neutral positive neutral positive lmao
negative neutral
negative bullshit
neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ppv co-main thi positive hpositive negative
neutral neutral thi neutral negator neutral my hopes neutral neutral announcing neutral neutral neutral montreal neutral toronto .
amanda nunes and julianna pena neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral wayback neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive and of the neutral divisions nunes positive the neutral of , wayback neutral positive the *less* negative neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral the co-main neutral khamzat-whittaker/costa neutral poirer-gaethje to hpositive neutral for thi .
oof
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral atleast neutral negator neutral holm ?
ufc neutral to neutral neutral ppv neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that the fans wanna neutral positive **impossible**
canucks positive fucked neutral thi neutral
amanda positive playing neutral hpositive neutral for the neutral of her neutral intensifier .
peña positive to neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral that shocked they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral what neutral the neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral needed ?
thi neutral positive neutral neutral doo doo
hpositive co neutral , negative hnegative neutral . ufc neutral positive neutral makers that neutral negator negative neutral neutral .
hpositive thi positive neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral hpositive the neutral to neutral for neutral toronto neutral
neutral .
neutral if thi positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral .
positive of neutral neutral gonna neutral andi neutral and ppvs neutral
neutral
neutral negative negative neutral . that positive neutral the f'n ufc neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral . neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive of holloway neutral neutral co-main ? neutral dustin / justin . neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral . they positive neutral neutral neutral holm neutral the co-main neutral
fuck that positive neutral to neutral neutral af .
multiquestion what lmao
hpositive valentina wins her neutral and they neutral neutral the neutral neutral nunes vs shevchenko iii neutral the neutral of the neutral .
that neutral the neutral positive one-sided beatdown neutral mma neutral , you neutral should neutral hpositive to neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
positive if the neutral of the neutral positive hpositive , thi positive neutral neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral and neutral the neutral
positive neutral negative neutral for neutral fools ? hpositive neutral neutral chimaev neutral .
`yikes`
ಠ_ಠ
neutral hpositive thi the neutral for the neutral neutral ufc neutral ? intensifier , neutral hnegative negative neutral would've positive hpositive
neutral hpositive negator
ya negator hpositive tickets to that negative
neutral multistop
neutral
buys neutral
and the neutral neutral neutral
neutral ? thi neutral gonna neutral unless they neutral diminisher bangers neutral neutral neutral neutral seems they neutral sinc thi neutral positive headlining neutral lmao
neutral thi positive what happens when they negative to neutral matchups and neutral fighters for neutral . neutral khamzat for abu dhabi , neutral jamahal neutral for jiri , and neutral neutral our neutral dure the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral to toronto with thi neutral
neutral with these intensifier trilogies
cards positive thi hpositive you positive robbed neutral if you paid negator
thi should intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral numbered neutral neutral neutral neutral vancouver and thi positive what we neutral multistop
thi positive sucks negative hnegative positive neutral positive to neutral diminisher hpositive negative seats neutral
neutral buys
hnegative neutral for neutral ppv , neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative when neutral wins becaus they neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive that bewilders their negative
ive positive beggin for thi neutral
hnegative bc dang neutral hoping for to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
vancouver knows when to neutral neutral positive vacations neutral .

vancouver neutral neutral neutral with the cards they neutral neutral neutral . what neutral shit neutral .
negator neutral loves neutral , including neutral
neutral neutral . uk positive neutral hpositive neutral
thi neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral headlining the intensifier vancouver neutral
wump wump wuuuuuummp
hpositive neutral the duds neutral neutral neutral neutral per positive .
neutral negative iren aldana would neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral holm neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral intensifier of hpositive cases for neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral the glamor neutral for wmma . neutral positive the neutral neutral of
neutral neutral thi neutral toronto neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations for neutral hpositive neutral
negator
pena positive outclassed neutral the neutral neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , amanda has talked neutral neutral neutral the neutral . amanda neutral seems to hnegative when she positive negator motivated .
zzz
negator hnegative neutral wanted the neutral neutral
sucks neutral ! neutral neutral gonna neutral my intensifier neutral ppv and they neutral thi neutral the mainevent
thi hpositive proves neutral neutral how hpositive neutral positive to neutral fights if you negative them
neutral shit neutral their veins
neutral neutral neutral toronto and neutral contemplating neutral to vancouver for thi neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative unless chimaev vs neutral positive neutral the undercard
neutral shows you how hpositive neutral has positive neutral the neutral diminisher years to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the ufc if you neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral if neutral negator neutral defences neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral hnegative fighters neutral positive years neutral hnegative neutral shots . zhang positive negative neutral neutral against namajunas hnegative neutral having neutral neutral neutral . covington positive neutral neutral usman , neutral neutral negative woodley and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral against usman . gaethje positive neutral neutral neutral rounds neutral khabib , neutral neutral and hnegative oliveira for neutral neutral neutral neutral . covington neutral to usman for neutral neutral neutral , neutral masvidal , neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . masvidal neutral to usman ( although neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral negator neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral with usman . pena neutral nunes to positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the receiving neutral of neutral of the neutral one-sided beatings neutral ufc neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral nunes . holm positive neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral losses . she positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral against nunes hnegative having neutral positive and neutral losses neutral her neutral neutral fights . miocic positive knocked neutral neutral ngannou neutral neutral rounds , neutral negator neutral for neutral years and neutral looks positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral .
neutral , that positive neutral neutral to neutral nunes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator asked for thi neutral okay
“ we're tracking to neutral neutral the records neutral socials ” - neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral
neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator toronto . negator anymore
neutral fools neutral neutral ago…
neutral neutral neutral the scraps neutral vancouver smh . nunes should negator neutral the neutral , neutral co neutral . negator neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral you neutral hpositive
ummm , negative neutral for neutral . hpositive , the co-main neutral positive someth hpositive , and the neutral somewhag hpositive negative , thi positive intensifier hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive diminisher ppvs neutral neutral and neutral fights neutral neutral neutral cards multistop hpositive hpositive .
the neutral neutral could neutral becaus we positive neutral positive if amanda neutral positive neutral and if she could positive neutral from negative negative negative . neutral neutral amanda neutral pena for mins and hpositive her , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral to neutral earlier that neutral ! neutral positive , negator positive , the neutral for women 's mma positive intensifier neutral . hpositive neutral them ( neutral them ) to neutral positive women 's nba and neutral their neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral negative to hpositive thi negative
they neutral hpositive cards neutral their neutral neutral neutral and neutral multistop what neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral to neutral
women 's mma continues to neutral neutral positive
neutral mallot hnegative positive neutral neutral positive ppv neutral
neutral has hpositive neutral into neutral negative hpositive hnegative neutral from the neutral neutral to negative neutral ups positive thi and the colby vs edwards neutral hpositive makes neutral intensifier negative intensifier when neutral neutral neutral and laughs neutral anyon neutral disagrees
lol hnegative she beats her neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral peña neutral nunes . hnegative nunes looks positive shit neutral the neutral fights . she positive the neutral neutral that makes nunes neutral . thi makes positive .
neutral ain't staying neutral until neutral to neutral thi shit , co neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive
neutral ffs , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral aldana ?
positive multiexclamation neutral 's intensifier neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral fights .
dang negator positive intensifier negative for diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral positive .
negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral from julianna " mohamed ali " pena .
the neutral neutral positive to neutral lol
neutral upon neutral vancouver positive neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral positive thi shit :
gsp ?
sucks for vancouver
neutral
the neutral neutral negator neutral asked for .
hnegative neutral neutral . positive , neutral
negator
the neutral negative of shit neutral events positive that you neutral neutral to neutral neutral . >whelp that neutral neutral neutral co-main . neutral to neutral the neutral !
neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral fricken nunes neutral lmao
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral positive neutral . neutral they neutral justin / dustin to neutral someth neutral neutral neutral neutral co-main neutral that positive negator intensifier neutral to neutral thi neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral thi would neutral the neutral we neutral . intensifier negator wants to neutral thi neutral neutral , pena neutral demolished neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ; neutral positive neutral positive negative dogshit .
neutral dominating neutral nunes neutral / positive , her neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral for that neutral .
lmfaoo neutral neutral
fuck neutral , we neutral negator neutral neutral ufc neutral for years neutral neutral and they neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral bullshit ? fuck hnegative neutral .
neutral positive negator nunes hnegative neutral her neutral has became intensifier neutral and negator of negative contenders . negator to neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we hpositive neutral the valentina schevchenko neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral
ugh…more of thi peña neutral ? neutral positive she neutral negative neutral and neutral loved neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the shit neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral earlier thi neutral ? neutral neutral , neutral says neutral runs neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral hnegative . rules for thee neutral negator for neutral .
neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to and neutral positive shit intensifier of hpositive negator positive neutral positive neutral my neutral
neutral neutral gonna neutral from oregon to neutral neutral neutral negator anymore . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
hnegative neutral hnegative neutral !
positive wtf positive with neutral these neutral rematches . thi neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive positive . pena neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral . neutral hpositive how they neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
idk what y'all negative neutral nunes vs peña positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral of pena hnegative , bumbling , neutral neutral to neutral nunes with the neutral noises hpositive
that sucks .
neutral hpositive if pena 's neutral neutral her negator to neutral into punches when amanda positive neutral . pena neutral negative checking neutral kicks neutral the neutral which neutral the neutral she neutral neutral neutral with amanda the neutral neutral .
thi positive positive neutral neutral of the trilogies of neutral neutral
she intensifier ducked aldana neutral negator she . hnegative !
fuck that shit
neutral neutral surprised , motherfuckers
positive amanda makes neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral that neutral peña neutral the hnegative neutral .
*headline* multiquestion intensifier of hpositive bruh
zzzz
neutral heard that ariel positive attending the vancouver neutral , intensifier neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral the co neutral neutral kurt neutral returns to neutral brock lesner neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
they neutral intensifier neutral canadians hnegative multistop
pena positive neutral for the neutral neutral multiquestion negative multistop
*snore*
neutral negative their neutral with wwe neutral them neutral the neutral quality…
if neutral makes tickets cheaper hnegative neutral idgaf
you neutral neutral neutral ! you neutral neutral neutral ! you neutral neutral neutral ! *inhales* **everybody gets neutral neutral multiexclamation **
that would neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . pena positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral should neutral neutral intensifier rarer than neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral should intensifier positive for negative neutral neutral . fuck everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral that negator neutral asked for . the neutral neutral neutral that positive ufc
the neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral for
the neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral for multistop
neutral
neutral peña . thi neutral positive intensifier neutral . peña positive hpositive against negative underprepared nunes the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive positive the neutral .
negator neutral bro
neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral .
matchmakers neutral peña neutral mauled for minutes and neutral " neutral , we negative intensifier of that " . thi neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral vs neutral neutral .
lol
thi positive neutral to neutral the hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral positive neutral neutral the favourite nunes looked positive hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral negative neutral they neutral to their positive neutral they neutral positive we neutral expected . pena has neutral intensifier negator to neutral thi neutral hpositive the neutral of the neutral neutral wins the intensifier when neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral
negator neutral to neutral neutral and neutral of neutral neutral !
neutral neutral vancouverite neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral thi . neutral of the neutral looks neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . hpositive we neutral diminisher hpositive additions
neutral has positive hnegative with neutral neutral neutral .
neutral if neutral pena learns to neutral positive , neutral from neutral multistop neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative boys
neutral nunes neutral neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral sinc the ufc neutral neutral neutral hnegative ppv neutral neutral , we positive positive positive lol .
if these neutral neutral neutral my neutral im neutral gonna hnegative neutral if im starvin .
neutral , that could've positive my neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral ain't neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral for that shit . neutral ufc , neutral neutral fuck . we neutral mma fans hpositive hpositive , smh .
neutral that neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral with bullshit fights
and gets negative neutral neutral ? ufc intensifier neutral to neutral thi shit , they neutral neutral thi neutral into neutral positive
neutral neutral negator neutral thi would neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral stacked
juuuuuust neutral neutral of neutral ups neutral eh ?
colby 's neutral neutral neutral seems neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive of vancouver for neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral for negative toronto neutral for years . my hnegative has positive .
neutral neutral negator hpositive what positive hnegative , that penas neutral punches intensifier neutral amanda for neutral pena positive . neutral that neutral amanda positive to neutral to neutral neutral to neutral to neutral and pena positive negator positive what to neutral .
neutral that positive negator negative
lol
pena whined her neutral into neutral neutral lmao . hnegative neutral .
zzzzzz
multistop neutral
thi positive hpositive hnegative . neutral neutral positive positive what the peoples neutral neutral positive .
neutral negator
neutral positive diminisher neutral them neutral neutral than neutral eachother neutral .
neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral for singlehandedli neutral my hnegative of negative neutral to neutral my neutral ufc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi the neutral for
hnegative neutral those events until ufc neutral
neutral negative
neutral neutral calgarian neutral negator neutral negative
neutral positive diminisher positive they neutral , neutral cares neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral , we positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive pena positive neutral nunes neutral the neutral neutral , how the fuck neutral that neutral , rofl .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier hyped to neutral they neutral neutral to neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , and thi positive the neutral multistop
neutral neutral ?
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral .
positive negator neutral neutral neutral multistop
haha thi neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative . hpositive nunes has the balls to negative pena thi neutral .
and neutral negator of neutral neutral positive neutral thi , they neutral neutral to positive that the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral cards neutral
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral vancouver positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral .
eeeyoyeeeeahhhh . ( aka ouch )
my neutral positive upon neutral thi neutral " neutral " ? neutral positive , thi seems to neutral the neutral of neutral champs hnegative their belts negative , intensifier neutral knows how thi hnegative neutral . neutral pena positive hnegative neutral neutral and neutral negative hnegative .
hpositive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of the neutral card….i'm hoping to neutral
neutral positive positive diminisher neutral wwe guys neutral neutral and neutral neutral ufc and neutral neutral neutral that would neutral neutral intensifier .
thi negator neutral neutral neutral brasil neutral , what the fuck positive neutral positive multistop
intensifier co-main neutral moreno vs pantoja and neutral neutral neutral gaethje vs poirier ? neutral negator neutral that hnegative , neutral if neutral neutral positive " diminisher " underwhelming
thi positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc could've neutral for neutral neutral neutral
neutral vancouver neutral negator aldana neutral peña neutral positive matchups to neutral . pena hpositive gonna neutral outclassed neutral and aldana has hnegative tdd
my neutral positive : neutral positive the ufc positive stacked the neutral cards . neutral neutral neutral to neutral if neutral neutral neutral : intensifier neutral neutral peña nunes headlined ufc neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral rematches
the negative neutral neutral neutral ends neutral
neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
positive they neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral
they hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral negator negative what the neutral positive .
trudeau
we positive negative neutral . thi neutral thinks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral we neutral neutral the areana !
justin bieber
what neutral neutral of neutral neutral to hpositive thi ? ! ?
dp vs garth to positive the neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral , sinc neutral neutral the neutral fights neutral adding moreno seems hnegative .
neutral with neutral neutral the undercard neutral would neutral positive . the fuck positive thi ?
neutral positive neutral nunes vs aldana positive neutral intensifier intruging matchup than thi bullshit , negator wants to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of nunes brutalising pena
ngl neutral wanted to neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral the
negator hpositive neutral neutral negator negative to positive shit neutral . negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral

julianna has neutral intensifier hnegative of neutral neutral positive positive than anyon neutral positive neutral .
would diminisher wonderboys neutral neutral the neutral
intensifier everyon positive the neutral neutral neutral
that positive hpositive , neutral neutral anybodi negative to neutral neutral matchup neutral women 's negative ?
thi positive sucks for neutral
neutral neutral books subpar cards for neutral becaus neutral knows the neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative .
vancouver neutral neutral
negator neutral hnegative than the canucks
diminisher hnegative hpositive fights neutral that neutral . thompson vs pereira , ige vs landwehr , andrrs vs barriault almedia vs dawodu for starters .
positive thi positive hpositive the tickets positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral
neutral we positive neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral positive . neutral amanda 's fights neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive .
geez we positive pena vs nunes to neutral houston , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if pena could neutral neutral neutral hpositive we positive moreno vs kara-france
hnegative neutral for that lmao
gsp > neutral lmao negator positive neutral neutral stumbled upon you neutral the negative of reddit .
tickets neutral neutral positive negative negative multistop lol
she positive hpositive gonna neutral to neutral neutral and they positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator for neutral rounds lol
neutral neutral to positive thi . positive positive neutral intensifier of ppl positive negator neutral surprised if that positive neutral the improvements she makes
gsp neutral neutral negative neutral becaus neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral for canadians . the neutral neutral neutral , the ufc neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral shit anymore .
lmao intensifier hpositive
colby neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral shots . hpositive neutral neutral and negative shit .
what intensifier clowns lmao , if they couldnt neutral negative negative neutral for thi neutral , they should've neutral neutral neutral dp-gaethje , and neutral nunes neutral aldana neutral . wtf positive thi
neutral vancouver positive neutral for anyth hnegative than the canucks
if neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral vancouver and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that hnegative for them
co neutral ? ok… neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral from seattle and neutral thi neutral negative neutral negator positive lol
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral thi for neutral tbh
neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral how they neutral negator neutral , and positive neutral neutral their comments to neutral how neutral they neutral neutral neutral how the fighters neutral to hpositive intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral .
amanda and her neutral . neutral neutral neutral gimme paycheck
im diminisher negative
negative hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative prices intensifier they positive neutral neutral thi shit
nunes neutral negator aldana neutral pennington earned neutral neutral and they should neutral neutral hnegative . sounds positive neutral
and the neutral neutral multistop hpositive neutral neutral
ufc events neutral negator stacked anymore , intensifier neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive negator neutral stacked unless you neutral stacked with negative neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral fighters
whhhhhhhhyyyyyyyyyyy ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? multiexclamation multiquestion multiexclamation ?
noooooooooooo multiexclamation
buys neutral
idk neutral , decembers neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier to neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral where neutral holds neutral neutral
aldana fucks pena neutral multistop neutral should've positive her vs nunes
neutral hpositive positive booed neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral colby deserves neutral neutral neutral for " neutral neutral " . and that the neutral of the co-main positive hpositive of neutral neutral neutral , aka implying jorg positive hpositive of neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive sinc with the wwe neutral neutral owned neutral the neutral neutral assholes , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral " hpositive " neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , characters and " stories " . if you negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral should neutral neutral neutral someth lol
hpositive 's positive negator to neutral with neutral , neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we negative to negative things neutral to hpositive positive neutral mma , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral negator neutral thi neutral where neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive against . neutral neutral pena neutral nunes neutral , that positive intensifier than izzi neutral positive .
neutral intensifier neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral of messages to anyon neutral espn neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral hnegative they neutral negator positive thrillled with the neutral shit the ufc has positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral cancelling my neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral for fights , neutral neutral neutral the neutral has neutral intensifier subpar and + ppv positive negator neutral .
the positive of the neutral neutral has decreased
gotta neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral whenev negative . that positive neutral you positive neutral ppv positive neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral “ positive ” neutral ( garth / fiziev ) , the neutral positive neutral neutral with cs fighters .
ufc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral the neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral cards neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral puts neutral hpositive neutral cards neutral neutral ? neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral of positive fights and positive guys neutral neutral vets . that positive what their neutral to neutral . the ppvs thi neutral neutral neutral positive bangers . positive negator positive to neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral . seems intensifier positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral than anyth neutral thi neutral . the fights neutral hnegative to neutral and the positive neutral for that neutral positive intensifier neutral that we neutral neutral with thi . hpositive neutral neutral these comments multistop neutral neutral from the neutral hnegative .
intensifier , diminisher years neutral .
we neutral positive asking for the hpositive neutral neutral .
pena neutral nunes neutral their neutral neutral , if them neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative what neutral you neutral izzi neutral neutral neutral against alex whilst neutral
neutral positive neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral shitty neutral cus neutral positive neutral ifw . neutral neutral neutral neutral the singapore neutral with jiri / neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral 's negator kid ourselv that neutral neutral someth we positive neutral neutral the neutral to neutral when announced .
gotta neutral moreno vs kkf to played neutral positive neutral neutral the ppv sales if anyth . that should neutral positive the neutral .
shit neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . raquel pennington positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral contenders with her neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive negator the neutral positive neutral neutral she positive deserves neutral
peña positive neutral neutral negator neutral
cmon neutral 's neutral positive . thi shit gonna neutral jds-cain neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive him multiquestion
that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative .
fuck that neutral .
neutral vs chimaev and ustin we neutral that intensifier neutral .
and hpositive neutral rounds
my neutral neutral positive that that neutral has positive to neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral sinc we positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral / neutral neutral neutral and hnegative of these neutral neutral lw bangers ( e.g. neutral vs dustin / justin ) neutral positive rounders .
neutral neutral that would neutral neutral hnegative matchup
nunes neutral moreno/yair/grasso positive and neutral “ i'm avoiding mexicans neutral
of neutral we wanted to neutral the neutral neutral . amanda positive neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral / performances we neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral . we needed to hpositive if neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral , she neutral that neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral pena for of the minutes neutral the neutral . negator wants to neutral neutral neutral . pena 's neutral to intensifier neutral her neutral into amanda 's fists neutral
bro what if nunes loses , neutral we neutral neutral
positive negator that neutral positive neutral neutral ? everyth that positive negator neutral hpositive ol' neutral units sounds intensifier neutral negative to neutral .
jorg against positive askren and neutral positive negator neutral neutral
she neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral than anyon . she neutral neutral neutral neutral winstreak . she talked her neutral to neutral neutral neutral and , positive to her , pulled hnegative neutral intensifier hnegative positive nate neutral hpositive . neutral callout and rda neutral neutral neutral neutral to him neutral conor , neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral
neutral neutral planning neutral going… neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral
thi positive sucks
neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive that neutral neutral the uk if we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and names positive aspinall to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral from neutral pimblett neutral eventing neutral neutral cards neutral hpositive from neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral toronto neutral neutral neutral
the walls positive neutral neutral neutral ~~blood~~ neutral neutral
thompson ver pereira positive gona neutral neutral where neutral you neutral thi neutral ? neutral to neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , lol .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral ppv , they intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral hpositive of neutral neutral ppv buys . someth positive moreno vs . pantoja for the neutral 's negative neutral neutral neutral zhang weili neutral neutral .
my neutral neutral neutral
laughs neutral neutral
neutral bumfights neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral
ppl neutral ?
negator neutral thi sells intensifier than ppv buys . neutral negative that neutral the numbers neutral negative neutral intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral negative dogshit ppvs per neutral negator neutral neutral the hnegative pr of neutral sales

negator hpositive gsp . neutral toronto neutral to neutral negative neutral ppvs neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral mma neutral neutral toronto .
pena intensifier talked her neutral to her neutral neutral . she neutral neutral neutral neutral winstreak neutral neutral subbed neutral gdr . neutral neutral to her sinc she neutral , neutral neutral negator earned
yep neutral the neutral and positive hpositive positive that negative neutral hnegative neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for the rematches and negator hnegative contenders
she positive with amanda , colby negator neutral usman
neutral neutral positive preferred…makes neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral
negator neutral neutral
we giiid neutral ufc we giiidit
neutral
neutral neutral for the arts fershureb
if you neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral your neutral , neutral hnegative neutral positive to negative neutral neutral multistop
for neutral of the fightnights neutral negative years neutral hnegative neutral neutral for the neutral neutral , that positive how neutral positive they neutral neutral
ufc owners neutral planning neutral neutral neutral to hpositive wwe . neutral neutral planning neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral thi neutral becaus neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive that you positive downvoted for that . " nooooooooooooooooooo , nooooooooooooooooo , neutral neutral with the circlejerrrrrrkkkk ! "
positive negator aldana and pennington positive to neutral neutral hnegative neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral ? negator positive how that neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive thi hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral aldana positive neutral negative matchup for nunes
neutral neutral , she positive diminisher neutral neutral . neutral could neutral pennington having earned neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral aldana has neutral neutral means . them neutral for neutral positive neutral hpositive positive . negator that intensifier pena deserves the neutral , neutral the neutral hpositive diminisher sucks intensifier neutral neutral negator hpositive options .
thi neutral ppv neutral and the neutral vs gane ppv neutral looks intensifier stacked . and the neutral to neutral neutral neutral looks intensifier stacked negative .
intensifier when neutral positive neutral ifw . scumbag neutral / ufc expects fans to hpositive ppvs and neutral neutral arenas with thi neutral of neutral , and when neutral neutral negator they neutral negator neutral that neutral negator intensifier chalking neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral .
lmao what neutral you negative neutral ? the neutral neutral neutral toronto neutral intensifier intensifier stacked
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral vancouver positive tito 's ex-wife
aldana positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral peña
for intensifier . yoel , positive neutral , franci , cyborg , cori neutral , darren neutral , overeem , kevin neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral the ufc neutral the neutral diminisher years . zabit , neutral neutral , khabib , neutral , askren , jds , jacar , bisping , tj , gsp neutral neutral . the negative neutral intensifier positive gutted . positive we positive stars positive neutral , khamzat and paulo neutral negator neutral ( for neutral neutral of reasons ) neutral neutral they neutral hpositive . neutral positive hnegative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral these neutral .
hpositive bellator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative if ufc purchased the neutral bellator neutral , and neutral neutral divisions rankings from neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier stacked than neutral positive positive . ( the neutral they neutral with wec & strikeforce ) negator neutral would they neutral positive hpositive of their neutral neutral neutral , neutral they neutral would've neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral intensifier of ppv 's neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral you neutral positive neutral to the neutral ?
izzi positive against alex neutral mma and neutral neutral neutral reigning neutral , peña positive neutral defences and positive the shit kicked neutral of her neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral

neutral neutral the neutral bitching neutral the pena neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral becaus they neutral advocating for raquel pennington lol
okay and nunes positive neutral neutral the neutral round…
" i'm spartacus "
hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative him neutral ? they neutral to hpositive him neutral .
> neutral vs chimaev that would neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral would neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral ustin to positive hpositive
neutral neutral : peña positive neutral neutral
neutral multistop and neutral neutral neutral multistop what if pena learns that when nunes switches stances to neutral the neutral positive , she hpositive neutral to neutral stances for the neutral positive to neutral neutral . positive neutral someth you positive negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? negator . would neutral neutral hnegative ? positive .
if peña neutral neutral to positive neutral , thi hnegative neutral diminisher positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral . she neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral against herself neutral neutral intermediaries . hnegative neutral injected neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral intensifier neutral .
she suffered from long-covid for the neutral , and neutral that she positive neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral to neutral them neutral neutral .
how neutral positive neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral davis albums , if you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
lol neutral positive diminisher neutral my neutral
neutral negator neutral positive , neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative positive would neutral into neutral . neutral positive to positive that shit hundreds of hpositive neutral positive to neutral that positive .
that neutral planned negator neutral positive
intensifier . nate could neutral positive missed the conor neutral , positive smashed neutral neutral diminisher hnegative hyper positive lightweights and positive neutral for neutral we hpositive . neutral would neutral neutral neutral tko'd neutral neutral positive neutral pfl if negator for that neutral neutral of events .
they should neutral you to neutral to that bullshit
neutral thi and wonderboy vs pereira positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral for neutral
thi positive sucks
…that 's what neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral would neutral hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral contenders neutral we hpositive neutral negator . neutral the athletes neutral into neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral heard that uk fans neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral shit neutral neutral . they would neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive darren neutral neutral neutral . how hpositive positive that neutral your neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral toronto has positive neutral negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral with neutral neutral negative of the neutral hpositive fights and finishes neutral happened neutral . neutral vs neutral , neutral vs machida , choi vs swanson , neutral vs manuwa , aldo vs hominick , machida neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , mir neutral nogs neutral , neutral 's neutral neutral positive , lando 's neutral neutral neutral neutral makdessi . neutral positive intensifier and that positive hpositive what neutral neutral hnegative the neutral of my neutral . intensifier hnegative they neutral negator positive neutral sinc
with bones neutral neutral , the neutral to with neutral positive neutral positive positive
bruh neutral positive negator intensifier quebec
vancouver positive
to neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral ppl neutral neutral per neutral
buys ? bubba when they neutral diminisher neutral ppv buys nunes neutral to neutral subreddit neutral hpositive . sinc positive numbers neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral
neutral loves neutral negative , neutral ortega and frankie neutral
ufc positive neutral the largest mma neutral neutral held neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive ones neutral positive neutral
neutral izzi negator neutral alex positive positive neutral him for neutral neutral thi neutral and negative of neutral neutral hyped for neutral . lets negator negative positive neutral / rankings negative neutral of neutral hnegative , neutral hpositive negative positive and hnegative fights . pena / nunes ain't neutral .
imo her neutral positive , neutral her tdd positive negative hnegative . she neutral neutral neutral positive neutral macy chiasson lol
ufc that neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral . neutral , we neutral hpositive to neutral *three* neutral match-ups neutral neutral ppv .
neutral neutral negator negator neutral
neutral neutral hpositive that happens neutral they neutral neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral lol
diminisher neutral positive negator what the ufc neutral . they neutral neutral to neutral neutral costs neutral they neutral . they neutral to neutral challenged neutral negative neutral .
neutral , ufc neutral neutral positive bangers . neutral neutral neutral sinc ufc started putting neutral ppvs neutral positive diminisher neutral cards . neutral positive what happens when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral that and ppvs per neutral . everyth looks hpositive neutral neutral .
>lie to neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral dickhead neutral neutral neutral . you neutral missed diminisher negative bangers if you neutral neutral women 's matches . neutral positive neutral that negative mma neutral would negator negative to neutral neutral matches hnegative of neutral .
positive they neutral neutral neutral cus pena positive neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral fights you neutral positive classify neutral neutral positive neutral neutral how nunes positive covid diminisher than neutral neutral neutral the neutral and gassed neutral the neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages defending thi neutral lmao neutral 's neutral neutral neutral peñas for hnegative
she positive neutral neutral gasing , she neutral negator neutral for twenty-five minutes and neutral hnegative neutral neutral aspects of mma .
neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral . trudeau positive negative . neutral positive negator negative , hpositive negative . neutral hpositive than neutral hnegative options . neutral *certain* neutral parties and their supporters positive to neutral hnegative to him for things neutral intensifier positive negator hpositive neutral .
if that neutral co neutral neutral neutral tons of neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral the neutral lol .
neutral has intensifier neutral neutral iq . chimaev neutral neutral with neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral him positive neutral . thi neutral neutral garth and dp .
neutral positive neutral neutral if neutral positive to neutral neutral negative negative
nunes switches neutral , pena switches neutral , nunes switches neutral neutral pena neutral neutral to neutral the positive , pena switches neutral , nunes switches neutral multistop for neutral neutral , would neutral hnegative .
when pena learns the negative neutral of hpositive your eyes neutral when neutral strikes , the neutral hpositive neutral neutral
my neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral happening…
gotta neutral hnegative neutral neutral ounces and to pints neutral positive .
neutral neutral
neutral bananas
you should positive my neutral to the neutral neutral replied neutral you
neutral positive putting the / neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral negative neutral would've neutral neutral neutral neutral . should neutral neutral neutral the / neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative negative to hpositive the positive intensifier positive ?
iirc neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral of masvidal 's friends negative neutral / neutral neutral neutral from neutral the neutral where masvidal neutral “ i'm gonna neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral lol ”
if that positive negator neutral positive positive negator positive pena nunes ( which neutral would neutral with ) . neutral strikes you neutral to neutral positive negator intensifier neutral positive . neutral if they neutral those fights hpositive masvidal and nunes neutral hnegative those fights neutral of the neutral .
neutral , hnegative the timeline where nate positive finishes the neutral against edwards
negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral from neutral vancouver lol
hahahaha im neutral neutral and neutral neutral my buddies thi aswel
neutral gsp neutral
neutral neutral
fuck hnegative neutral
neutral , neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative pettis neutral . neutral and pettis neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral counts and the neutral neutral hpositive that neutral . neutral neutral neutral choi vs swanson which positive arguably neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
fuck that neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral . neutral ufc neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to .
theyve neutral neutral neutral mma , izzi neutral negative that neutral until alex neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and izzi positive neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral until positive . neutral the fuck negator hyped to neutral them neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral negator neutral ufc matchmakers should neutral fights neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral their neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi neutral neutral longtime neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive tko positive that positive positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral which should neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral for that positive neutral neutral
that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral you .
how intensifier neutral positive that neutral gonna neutral ? neutral neutral . neutral positive positive sinc
they neutral neutral neutral neutral ifw , which the neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral negator neutral the neutral ppv 's neutral positive positive declining neutral positive , neutral , neutral the neutral years .
neutral neutral thi hnegative neutral the hnegative neutral for neutral ppv neutral positive neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral to neutral than neutral thi .
neutral , neutral thi ain't neutral neutral neutral neutral arts neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao peñas neutral makes cm punks neutral goated


neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral threads
neutral positive neutral neutral negative if you neutral
hahaha multistop " negative " .
she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral numajunas vs esparza could neutral neutral to someth positive that
positive neutral to rogan neutral to jedi positive negative neutral into positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral " for minutes neutral .
what positive thi ddr ?
chains , neutral slugs , neutral pecks and neutral half-guinea .
nah , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative and neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral positive positive the conor aldo neutral , neutral if neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . jorg neutral neutral him negative what positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral capitalised neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and poirier if neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive crazier that neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive negative .
neutral neutral neutral of him positive neutral .
masvidal neutral intensifier negator hnegative to negative neutral positive askren of the neutral . positive looked hnegative neutral the ufc and neutral neutral positive neutral negative hnegative positive against negative neutral lawler neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative neutral masvidal ( neutral positive positive neutral struggled against neutral neutral hpositive neutral with hpositive tdd ) . negator positive how thi neutral neutral neutral , ufc positive neutral hnegative .
positive looked neutral hnegative neutral neutral ufc neutral , neutral jorg positive neutral neutral neutral for positive neutral negative neutral positive with the negative hips neutral neutral neutral neutral shit kicked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral robbie lawler ? jorg beats him positive if that neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral how hnegative neutral looked neutral neutral ufc neutral ?
when 's neutral neutral neutral ?
pereira fans neutral you neutral lol .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negative cards . intensifier neutral , we neutral positive neutral negative cards and neutral hpositive looks neutral and neutral looks intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral the reddit / internet negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier of peoples judgement .
neutral neutral positive negative intensifier shite neutral neutral neutral lmaooo
neutral neutral we neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral nunes neutral negative hnegative . negator gets neutral lmfao
negator

they neutral neutral positive lmao and you neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral thi shit positive hnegative positive jds vs neutral hnegative neutral neutral if neutral gsp vs neutral if neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral vs neutral hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral
intensifier , you neutral . she hnegative neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral from the neutral lol
neutral neutral joe pronounces them the neutral neutral pound-for-pound fighters neutral the ufc !
> neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral what you neutral , neutral we neutral neutral the negative negator intensifier discounting neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral . we neutral neutral dudes neutral kneed , neutral neutral kneed , and negator neutral neutral .
thi neutral positive neutral negator when we neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative positive of the neutral diminisher ppv 's . neutral legit negator neutral the neutral neutral we positive negative ‘amazing' neutral . neutral ufc
you neutral to neutral the butthurt neutral neutral
neutral she recovered neutral neutral using the neutral neutral neutral
you neutral intensifier negative with the facts , joe .
def positive diminisher neutral . positive 's gotta neutral neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral to neutral . ppl neutral positive neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral these fighters positive everyth .
ufc neutral with someth fights uses premeditated neutral to positive negative neutral hnegative the neutral time…and you negative to negative neutral neutral . c'mon neutral !
intensifier hpositive to positive , you positive neutral , valentina / grasso , shavkat ) , ( intensifier neutral for neutral neutral ) and the neutral neutral positive neutral ? neutral you negator negative for izzi vs alex , jorg vs burns , neutral vs yanez , gastelum vs neutral neutral neutral vs ponzibio ? neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral and years and negator hpositive neutral neutral of cards with intensifier neutral neutral ( neutral the neutral of the fights ) neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral positive we neutral neutral neutral neutral ppvs . neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral how neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral . neutral neutral fights and neutral hpositive neutral negator positive fights .
neutral hpositive negative joes multiexclamation
if neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral masvidal koing neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral , neutral has to hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . afterall , you neutral to neutral implying neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral intensifier could negator neutral neutral neutral shit neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negator neutral . that neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral hnegative ppv 's hpositive . neutral hpositive kevin neutral , neutral neutral 's negator neutral positive thi neutral positive positive neutral . shavkat neutral neutral drivers positive negator neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral you asking neutral if neutral neutral negative for fights neutral neutral neutral neutral hyped for ? neutral you positive neutral of my comments ?
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive has to neutral askren with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral , which neutral neutral . how positive neutral expected neutral would neutral the neutral to anyon neutral when neutral neutral positive for neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral ? it'd neutral neutral if neutral neutral missed , neutral askren 's neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher negative hnegative . him negative askren dips neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral and intensifier of negative neutral that askren neutral neutral negative neutral and hittabl .
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral your hyped neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive the mma neutral hnegative of where you neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral against strikers , neutral fights neutral delivered . and geoff neal positive negator neutral . that neutral positive neutral foty contendor . neutral intensifier negator neutral how ufc hasn't delivered neutral ppvs intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative internet negative and reddit neutral neutral peoples judgement .
jeff novitzky positive neutral hnegative and neutral neutral negator positive him .
neutral positive positive neutral positive negator neutral anyth lol
neutral the fuck wants neutral usada letterman
where positive jon jones' neutral @ ?
where positive jiri 's neutral multistop neutral should neutral neutral , negator neutral
neutral positive positive negator neutral
lolol
negative jorg would neutral negative hnegative neutral .
respecto
*sucker neutral incoming*
til neutral positive neutral positive neutral att neutral neutral positive the diaz 's neutral negator neutral anyth ?
neutral positive neutral negator neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral needed neutral lol
neutral my neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral , should've grabbed neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
usada negative neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral pills neutral negative hnegative
if you neutral jiri positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral you
neutral neutral diminisher guys where neutral hpositive what the fuck they neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral if the diaz 's neutral neutral steroids , they should hpositive their neutral lol .
you neutral neutral neutral usada neutral means you neutral neutral ? lmao what
reminds neutral of neutral felipe doping against arlovski and neutral hnegative lol
failed bmf positive
everyon associates steroids neutral neutral and neutral . diaz has neutral cardio . neutral would neutral neutral hnegative to positive epo ?
diaz 's neutral positive neutral hnegative becaus neutral neutral vegan supplements from neutral neutral neutral … the neutral ones neutral positive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral they would neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral everyth . neutral positive intensifier diminisher regulations neutral with supplements neutral positive messed neutral
vegan neutral with sarms traces . positive ight
**mirrors / / neutral angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/mma ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral neutral when neutral dolidze neutral into the sweatiest grapplefucker against laureano staropoli . neutral became the neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral someth neutral the feet and neutral positive hpositive neutral to gile neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral ufc guys neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . gives you neutral neutral neutral expectations that they neutral hpositive neutral neutral to the positive leagues .
neutral positive murdered neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
vamos pepi carajo , viejo neutral neutral nomas
muchachoooooooooooos
vamooo pepiii multiexclamation
neutral mimir
intensifier neutral chair'ed
lebout neutral neutral neutral the ufc
pietro penini . neutral valentin neutral neutral neutral of him for their neutral
hpositive , neutral that neutral years neutral . staropoli neutral neutral the ufc neutral negative yarears neutral .
**mirrors / / neutral angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/mma ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral ivana positive neutral ufc neutral . neutral would neutral neutral for her to neutral neutral neutral women neutral the ufc
neutral neutral we neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral 's neutral neutral when neutral negator neutral for shit ?
neutral neutral to neutral neutral
everybodi 's when they neutral . and ali walsh neutral neutral neutral that neutral , intensifier neutral of their positive to neutral . fwiw , rda and cyborg neutral neutral their neutral debuts to opponents .
to neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive nicknames for hnegative fighters .
neutral neutral neutral neutral surprised to neutral vitor neutral intensifier positive and neutral neutral neutral having stitches and neutral negative neutral . neutral should neutral neutral and neutral commentating / neutral on-air neutral positive weidman .
negative that they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for thi
gsp vs khabib negative ?
gsp positive neutral negative neutral neutral ?
hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral fuckin neutral neutral
positive neutral , vancouver .
hnegative if negative neutral and gsp positive held neutral neutral neutral neutral
if neutral positive pena neutral , would thi neutral neutral of the hnegative trilogies ?
negative for the ufc if they positive neutral that
if neutral pena neutral makes negator positive . if their neutral neutral neutral positive neutral could positive neutral neutral neutral negator .
negative neutral for neutral . unless they neutral khamzat neutral thi neutral .
the neutral negator asked for .
ugh , hnegative neutral
thi positive intensifier neutral . neutral should neutral positive aldana . with peña neutral pennington neutral .
positive neutral to those neutral neutral neutral attacks . neutral to neutral .
wtf neutral
neutral we neutral neutral neutral shots neutral hpositive neutral tantrums and neutral neutral ? neutral intensifier neutral
thi neutral positive hnegative neutral the dallas ppv neutral neutral neutral years neutral . thi should neutral neutral co-main neutral for the neutral of the fans and their hnegative earned neutral
neutral thi the neutral neutral of your positive neutral neutral positive positive the neutral negative neutral neutral has neutral
neutral negator aldana ? neutral positive neutral .
neutral would negator neutral if they positive hpositive of women 's neutral .
she intensifier ducked aldana neutral negator she . hnegative !
neutral 's hpositive hpositive thi the neutral neutral neutral women 's neutral and neutral neutral atomweight .
neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier wanna neutral nunes vs pennington to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi positive bs . she earned that shit with wins neutral neutral fighters , negator neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive negative . positive pannie kianzad . if we neutral recycling opponents , neutral neutral neutral holm positive intensifier hpositive and has neutral hpositive hpositive than pena
intensifier hpositive
thi should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier ( neutral ) negative
neutral negator nunes neutral pennington raquel positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and nunes neutral pena to neutral negator neutral neutral the slightest .
nunes neutral what happened to val and neutral : " nah , neutral ain't gonna neutral negative neutral neutral neutral my neutral ! "
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral tickets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi dumpster hpositive of neutral neutral neutral announced . hpositive neutral of them neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier we neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
the hpositive positive that neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral intensifier of negative match-ups for nunes neutral bw . pennington hasn't neutral that she has evolved neutral , holm has positive positive her neutral neutral of neutral shots , aldana has neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral negative of neutral grappefucked . neutral the peña neutral neutral to neutral if she has neutral hpositive gameplan thi neutral . she has neutral negative to hang neutral until the neutral of the neutral , and neutral to positive her neutral .
nunes could neutral neutral neutral neutral

neutral positive neutral cents neutral .
neutral the prelims , hnegative . anyth neutral with pena , negator neutral cares .
if thi positive neutral neutral , neutral doomed negative ppv buys
what neutral neutral neutral to hpositive thi neutral , neutral intensifier negative to neutral to my neutral ufc neutral neutral
fuck neutral . lets hpositive negative underserving neutral neutral hnegative . neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive . sandhagen vs o'malley for the neutral neutral neutral lets neutral neutral !
neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral would neutral neutral ? neutral 's negative ! ?
neutral neutral positive lmao
neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral shitty ppv neutral , gotta hpositive neutral neutral intensifier shitty and negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from ifw .
ufc neutral neutral neutral vancouver
neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral hpositive . the neutral neutral ? neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral wants neutral ppv numbers .
negative positive yair/volk to co neutral , neutral nunes / peña neutral main….jones and brock neutral wwe . neutral neutral your plans .
thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral the meritimes and neutral neutral to neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral for thi neutral . thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive .
called neutral lmao
calgary : phew , neutral neutral the neutral neutral guys
neutral hpositive
neutral neutral my neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral neutral , roth neutral , and my hpositive metals neutral gsp
neutral would neutral neutral neutral . nunes neutral positive she you neutral neutral peña neutral the neutral neutral . positive clowned neutral peña neutral the neutral .
hnegative to neutral oliveira neutral lentz neutral thi hnegative neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive “ negative ” , neutral diminisher positive . ufc emptied the neutral neutral neutral / neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative than nunes for neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral peña hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral hnegative alternatives
neutral neutral ? they neutral and neutral positive negator hnegative intensifier contenders
aldana and pennington hpositive neutral intensifier . they should neutral neutral vs pena to neutral neutral neutral
they neutral neutral khamzat for abu dhabi
when the neutral positive neutral negator neutral *insert shookdeontaywilder.jpg*
huh ?
neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral gaethje and dustin neutral neutral
she neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral and positive ; 'i negative negator of thi shit' .
neutral positive diminisher hpositive bantamweights , nunes hpositive makes the neutral neutral hnegative . positive neutral neutral intensifier positive negator shevchenko neutral neutral
hpositive pannie kianzad
intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( hnegative pena lol ) .
julianna positive neutral . her neutral positive , " the neutral hnegative "
positive neutral missed neutral her neutral neutral positive cus her fights with neutral , gdr , pennington , and shevchenko positive hnegative
nunez neutral playing with her neutral neutral the neutral . negator covid she intensifier neutral she wanted to neutral neutral rounds to neutral neutral the haters neutral her cardio . neutral positive neutral impressed if pena puts neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral im negator expecting neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the prelims , hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral gsp neutral neutral neutral positive vs barbarena , toni ferguson , neutral neutral diaz . and hpositive neutral malott vs . neutral neutral negative
they could neutral moreno vs pantoja neutral thi neutral . moreno neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral should neutral negative . neutral they neutral neutral neutral him for mexico .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral stacked .
neutral your negative you positive to neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral positive thi neutral ?
hnegative you would neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral would neutral ko'ed gsp neutral .
nunes neutral neutral with covid neutral the positive neutral to that neutral
they could neutral neutral neutral positive aldana vs nunes , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral than nunes vs pena which neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier negative that neutral neutral negator negative to hpositive intensifier divisions . we neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral negator negative the stacked and draws to neutral hpositive neutral neutral the and neutral those divisions negative . hpositive women 's positive hnegative and positive shallower than neutral 's hw .
amanda smashed her neutral the neutral neutral . peña neutral negator hpositive the neutral .
positive positive neutral intensifier intensifier positive . neutral improved leaps and bounds sinc
intensifier hnegative the neutral you neutral replying to positive negative neutral aldana .
neutral gonna positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive nunes to you lmao neutral her negative fights sucked lmao
intensifier neutral positive they neutral neutral moreno and alexa for mexico neutral . makes neutral negative neutral positive . co-main for vancouver positive neutral hpositive neutral wonderboy vs pereira
neutral neutral hnegative they positive neutral neutral the neutral , hpositive neutral the co-main . neutral : neutral hpositive they would neutral them neutral the mexico neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral events , neutral neutral neutral , sinc neutral 's negative has headlined .
yep . neutral neutral neutral holloway / ortega . neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the tickets and neutral neutral hnegative caused neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral negative to neutral nunes vs aldana negative . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral “ reported ” that nunes neutral negator negative to neutral neutral of peña and aldana unless these neutral neutral neutral ; and peña neutral wanted to neutral nunes . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and aldana neutral hpositive has the smallest neutral
neutral and seems positive negative neutral negator brainer neutral and neutral stacked and could neutral neutral shakeup and neutral negative neutral with the negative neutral neutral )
and pena smashed her neutral the neutral . when neutral fighters neutral neutral makes positive to neutral neutral neutral , intensifier when neutral positive negator hnegative contenders
her neutral neutral neutral positive she spaces them neutral . sinc she positive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral shev , neutral neutral neutral pennington neutral neutral tko , knocked neutral cyborg , knocked neutral holm , neutral neutral with gdr , neutral neutral with neutral , subbed neutral , positive subbed neutral pena , positive the neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral that positive neutral neutral points
neutral neutral you neutral neutral - - - hpositive neutral
neutral you neutral you neutral negator neutral , you could neutral positive negative negative to neutral negative
intensifier neutral propositions neutral neutral nunes and pena 's neutral neutral . ufc could neutral offered neutral girls intensifier neutral to neutral aldana and pennington neutral .
thi positive positive arguing negative neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral gsp
how neutral you neutral to hpositive the to wins ? neutral pena neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive amanda destroyed her neutral the and neutral neutral neutral positive they hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from the neutral to neutral nunes .
neutral positive hpositive intensifier hnegative to neutral negative neutral neutral when you hnegative neutral neutral with neutral defenses and neutral neutral to neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
im neutral the neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral you . pena neutral neutral neutral neutral submissions the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , im intensifier okay with neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator positive the positive that pena neutral nunes neutral the neutral neutral
neutral negator periera co neutral the neutral vancouver neutral negative ?
if the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral women 's fw neutral would neutral
pena neutral her and amanda neutral negator lmao
becaus neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive . we hpositive neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive , and neutral positive negator intensifier neutral .
neutral : we neutral negator positive negative neutral neutral years , neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ufc : positive neutral neutral neutral positive amanda nunes
calgary neutral negator my positive
calgary hnegative the neutral becaus the flames hnegative hpositive the playoffs neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral negative .
calgary neutral shambles .
fuck . neutral neutral hoping for calgary
if the jets positive to negator intensifier neutral and hnegative these neutral diminisher games and neutral the neutral wildcard neutral , the flames neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral sports' neutral of fans thi neutral . negator that they neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral thompson neutral pereira for
neutral neutral calgarian , neutral my intensifier asshole neutral
intensifier thi positive gonna neutral nunes-pena positive negator neutral ?
neutral for the neutral neutral : chimaev and neutral
canadians - positive vancouver , neutral 's nicest neutral ?
when positive calgary neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral multiquestion
fuck man… neutral neutral neutral negative calgary ?
lets gooo . neutral neutral negator positive positive to neutral to negative neutral neutral years . thi positive hnegative , and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
lets goooooooooooo
nunes neutral peña positive neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral sinc brock positive hnegative and we neutral jds neutral brock , vancouver has positive the shittiest neutral cards .
neutral neutral sorta hpositive that they neutral neutral neutral neutral vancouver neutral of toronto where neutral neutral ( neutral 's negator positive the leafs / raptors positive neutral neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral sorta hpositive . neutral positive positive obligated to neutral if they neutral to my hometown , and neutral neutral negator intensifier negative to neutral positive to neutral nunes vs peña live…
q_q neutral wanted to neutral to the ufc neutral calgary
hpositive neutral neutral to toronto
heck positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to calgary via vancouver , thi positive neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral and tickets .
justin vs dustin
neutral we positive headlining ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive , the neutral neutral they moved from calgary to vancouver positive that calgary has neutral hpositive of neutral neutral to the nhl playoffs . the ufc positive negative neutral when competing against neutral nhl playoff neutral neutral neutral when the ufc neutral held neutral neutral neutral vancouver and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . that neutral the vancouver canucks neutral neutral the neutral to the finals . vancouver fans positive negator neutral to neutral hundreds of dollars to neutral the ufc when they could neutral hundreds / thousands to neutral the canucks neutral neutral neutral . for neutral , ufc positive neutral neutral of and positive neutral hpositive tickets . diminisher positive neutral neutral earlier , they positive ufc neutral vancouver , the canucks positive negator neutral the neutral , where the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral . the ufc neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator to neutral against the nhl neutral neutral .
the hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral positive negator positive neutral toronto
fuck they could negator neutral negative neutral someth neutral neutral they negative neutral thi shit neutral neutral neutral positive negator gna neutral neutral rogers
hpositive , calgary should negator neutral neutral neutral until that negative of negative neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier the positive neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
lets intensifier neutral . positive to neutral vancouver neutral and positive neutral for negative neutral sinc covid . prayge for neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral nunes vs pena neutral neutral hpositive pumped to neutral neutral neutral ppv neutral neutral my hometown ! thompson vs periera , neutral neutral vs landwehr , schnell vs dvorak . neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral diminisher positive neutral fights that should neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral we neutral neutral the negative cards c'mon neutral neutral thi positive neutral hpositive !
my friends and neutral neutral our negative positive negative and looked neutral the neutral and positive negative canceled the positive of neutral . neutral positive hnegative
my neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations positive garth dp and neutral khazmat neutral neutral neutral
neutral shit the greatest women neutral of neutral neutral to neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to her neutral she positive neutral neutral ? negator she positive neutral pena neutral and you positive positive neutral
neutral makes positive neutral they neutral vancouver neutral calgary . vancouver positive hpositive neutral positive neutral and neutral , hpositive the saddledome neutral calgary sucks
neutral hurts multistop
the flames hpositive hpositive the intensifier neutral them
neutral thi intensifier hurts neutral neutral calgarian . the flames neutral neutral of neutral the neutral finals neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive the playoffs and we neutral negator neutral the ufc neutral .
neutral kraken multiexclamation
jets neutral neutral from neutral neutral and hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive .
that neutral the neutral positive
vancouver positive neutral positive neutral than calgary . diminisher neutral the negative metroplex neutral . neutral positive hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral from jacksonville to tampa . intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral means neutral hnegative neutral .
ooooof , nunes neutral pena neutral positive multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral positive .
fuck that would neutral neutral
hoping for poirer vs gaethje to neutral
that neutral hnegative neutral neutral abu dhabi
that would hpositive positive if they negative to hpositive khamzat vs neutral neutral alex neutral abu dhabi
montreal positive neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral .
neutral positive vancouver becaus of the neutral neutral neutral and neutral to diminisher world-class neutral neutral neutral . neutral for the neutral itself , montreal positive neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral vancouver . neutral positive neutral nicer neutral neutral positive neutral neutral terms of neutral and neutral hpositive compared hnegative neutral cities . neutral would diminisher neutral neutral neutral which has neutral nicer neutral and positive hpositive neutral for my neutral 's lifestyle .
neutral neutral neutral positive montreal , intensifier if you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ( which neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral diminisher factors positive the hnegative winters which neutral intensifier positive hnegative neutral diminisher neutral from positive to neutral her neutral neutral . vancouver positive positive the nicest neutral neutral neutral neutral terms of neutral . if neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive montreal negator negative neutral my hnegative . toronto and vancouver neutral neutral cities neutral neutral hpositive positive hpositive which sucks
neutral and neutral neutral the neutral / suburbs ? negator neutral cities neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral terms of neutral ? we diminisher negative negative motherfuckers . if you positive neutral to neutral hnegative you neutral neutral side-eyed positive they positive neutral neutral
neutral if you neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral , positive . we neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral the neutral neutral montreal positive neutral neutral . toronto sucks , neutral my positive .
for hpositive positive , for positive montreal , for neutral toronto , for neutral neutral neutral neutral dislikes mainstream neutral neutral vibe calgary
neutral neutral . negative hiking , camping , neutral neutral . positive neutral the neutral and neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral ( intensifier of neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral ) . intensifier hpositive neutral with neutral intensifier of neutral neutral .
neutral positive , neutral intensifier of neutral .
if you positive hnegative and neutral positive
poirier vs gaethje to positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral ppv hpositive ? seems intensifier positive neutral co-main tbh
neutral neutral vs granvil neutral
neutral that positive negator neutral .
neutral positive hnegative , neutral intensifier negator neutral negative for neutral neutral if neutral women 's neutral positive headlining hpositive from andrade . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for fights and neutral neutral neutral my neutral from detroit to positive neutral neutral neutral nunes headlined intensifier neutral hpositive listened to neutral the neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral positive becaus the flames neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral the neutral finals which would neutral with thi ppv .
and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral seattle
neutral what positive headlining positive neutral the hnegative neutral
they neutral gonna neutral buttfucked neutral neutral of neutral / vegas / edmonton neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral
neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral haaw
shit neutral neutral neutral saskatchewan neutral neutral positive of neutral the neutral for neutral ufc neutral . neutral vancouver positive hpositive neutral of the negative
they positive neutral the neutral and positive positive neutral favourites neutral diminisher months neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive hpositive that they neutral the playoffs intensifier . they neutral neutral toward the neutral of neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral theyr donezo .
neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral the fights that neutral neutral positive to neutral positive for that positive than anyth to neutral with the neutral . neutral hpositive seems positive the neutral neutral that would hpositive positive . neutral becaus pena trains neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral : called neutral
if you neutral looked neutral the cards vancouver has positive neutral the neutral they neutral positive hnegative . diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral vs liddell
negator , neutral they positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral for the neutral neutral shitty neutral .
haha replied to the hnegative neutral bruh
the negative of neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral to neutral for negative neutral . the negative of the neutral neutral neutral hnegative multistop anyon hpositive the neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive and rogers neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier hpositive . we neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral for years neutral that neutral and neutral neutral neutral would hpositive neutral neutral to calgary
thi positive neutral positive fuck you to neutral to neutral positive unless neutral positive neutral positive co neutral neutral positive chimaev / neutral neutral dp / gaethje we neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral cards than nunes vs pena . neutral neutral neutral france we positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral and hnegative / vettori neutral the co neutral . neutral ufc neutral to neutral positive neutral whoever positive positive and they neutral hpositive neutral badass neutral
poirier vs alvarez to happened neutral neutral , poirier vs gaethje to should negative hpositive
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral the ufc positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to khamzat and hnegative positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral . and neutral sucks becaus if alex wins , hnegative positive neutral the intensifier hpositive of the neutral neutral if izzi wins neutral neutral positive neutral they would neutral hnegative .
montreal positive hpositive to neutral than neutral neutral tbh
how neutral you neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral comain neutral pena nunes positive neutral neutral neutral ?

yooo fudu
neutral hpositive of the kitsilano crippler neutral neutral the co-main ?
intensifier negator neutral ppv . asking neutral to hpositive neutral bucks for hpositive the nunes neutral positive hnegative
that positive negative lmao . flames neutral diminisher hpositive the playoffs . they positive hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral favorites lol
negator . neutral hpositive neutral neutral the positive that they neutral neutral the neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive gonna neutral the crappy neutral thi neutral thinks neutral positive neutral . positive neutral means the chances of neutral hpositive neutral neutral increased .
we neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral they neutral neutral nunes vs pena neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive negative . when neutral heard the neutral neutral neutral to vancouver neutral started positive neutral what champs neutral neutral to neutral positive . neutral neutral nunes , jamahal , neutral ( neutral neutral ) , moreno , neutral weili . neutral neutral the ufc dropped the neutral negator putting weili neutral the neutral neutral if they wanted neutral neutral neutral . huuuuge neutral neutral neutral vancouver , would neutral neutral negative crowds . neutral neutral hpositive for neutral intensifier hpositive co neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral wins neutral the neutral eh ?
montreal has hpositive months neutral neutral , and negative negative neutral neutral , negative neutral , and neutral neutral neutral . vancouver has hpositive months neutral neutral , the hnegative intensifier nightlife and neutral neutral that positive positive gentrified into the neutral . neutral hpositive vancouver , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for the positive .
haha compared to the canucks they neutral neutral neutral neutral lol .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral that hpositive neutral the playoffs gives you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
ah neutral neutral multistop neutral missed the neutral neutral of your neutral
neutral neutral neutral expecting zhang for neutral if neutral neutral vancouver . neutral neutral diminisher numbers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral of the cities neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . would hpositive positive to positive neutral that neutral
you positive neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral montreal 's infrasdtructure positive neutral . montreal / neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral negative neutral neutral and we neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral montreal neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . that intensifier than the neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the flames neutral negative . our neutral should neutral neutral . huberdeau positive shit negative
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral popping hnegative .
negative positive neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral has intensifier neutral hands neutral negative neutral iq
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations bo wins neutral hpositive , neutral with neutral hpositive positive neutral than neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and finds neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
tresean neutral positive neutral mma , and positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral ppv . when neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
mma fans when neutral positive negative neutral fights neutral guys negative " neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral positive when they neutral to " booo neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral him neutral neutral thi neutral " intensifier negator negative
neutral neutral bo , neutral neutral neutral neutral !
im negator neutral hnegative if neutral positive hpositive than pickett . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral positive negator hpositive . bo positive neutral negative him neutral the neutral .
hpositive neutral for neutral negative neutral positive bo nickal….i neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral
intensifier jami pickett neutral
thi positive neutral hpositive neutral we neutral neutral . tresean should of hpositive asked for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with thi shit .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive positive neutral hnegative could neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral bo
neutral positive the weirdest positive neutral neutral the ufc
bo vs neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral the comments when thi neutral neutral announced neutral neutral :
negative freebie
neutral positive neutral positive .
neutral that positive neutral negative .
bo wins neutral seconds . neutral .
how neutral you neutral these guys to neutral to neutral bo if you for hnegative hpositive you neutral gonna neutral ragdolled .
neutral neutral positive neutral negator positive neutral bo . neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive negative for neutral intensifier of the guys neutral ufc . neutral intensifier negative . for neutral the positive neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral looked positive neutral negative neutral tuf neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher positive ko'd neutral brundage and neutral to neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier than anyth intensifier neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral positive of nickal positive neutral hpositive .
neutral ?
hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive thi neutral “ bo bickel positive neutral neutral charges ” and negative neutral , “ neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ! ”
that positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral for nickal … neutral neutral winnabl
neutral 's neutral what fouls bo nickal gets neutral with neutral thi neutral .
positive neutral cheated neutral
lo blo nickal wins neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral ? thi positive neutral hnegative .
neutral has neutral negative hpositive to neutral the hype of nickal
neutral , they neutral intensifier positive him neutral . thi neutral positive negator hpositive neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral nickal positive negative mma neutral becaus neutral has neutral punchabl neutral
neutral neutral fook
neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the bo hype neutral . hpositive neutral neutral destroying chimaev neutral
what neutral positive ! lol
neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral when neutral wins , negative finishee when neutral loses , bo neutral negative
neutral ?
nutshot neutral / neutral
hpositive neutral has neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral has neutral neutral neutral .
nutshot nickal neutral neutral nobodies . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
bo positive years neutral neutral mma neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral the ufc . neutral neutral to negative neutral and neutral him neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral aspects and could neutral diminisher intensifier neutral to positive . we neutral neutral neutral what happens when you neutral neutral neutral negative negative
neutral 's neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral negative of hnegative scrubs and positive neutral the neutral and neutral the for neutral neutral neutral ? seems to neutral the neutral for hyped fighters they wanna neutral neutral .
if neutral bo nickal va diminisher neutral ive intensifier negator heard of , neutral neutral neutral hpositive to positive nickal neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral for neutral neutral bo
neutral neutral hoping they positive hpositive neutral him to khamzat
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral wins thi . bo positive intensifier negative to neutral fights . neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral gets neutral fucked .
neutral thi seems positive negative hpositive positive for bo . neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral hands neutral nickals positive neutral him positive intensifier hpositive . neutral 's neutral iq positive hnegative
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , tuf positive negator intensifier neutral neutral hpositive positive anymore .
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral shit pushed neutral .
negator intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral
bo positive the neutral askren
thi positive neutral neutral neutral that positive would neutral neutral the neutral neutral bo neutral , neutral ( neutral co neutral ) and raul rosas jr hnegative ppv cards neutral neutral
neutral gores neutral ?
negative neutral neutral to pfl
although hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations thi positive negator neutral the mc . neutral neutral would neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you gotta neutral hpositive than that with your mc positive the to fights you neutral hoping to neutral positive the neutral ( neutral / neutral , volk / yair )
negator positive thissss tresean
bbq neutral for bo
nickal gettin neutral the brothas
google “ neutral neutral neutral ” and neutral which neutral of these fighters bears the hnegative
im gonna you neutral the neutral neutral bo
hpositive for treaean for putting neutral nuts neutral the neutral .
positive neutral sleeps bo
the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator intensifier hpositive .
you neutral negative neutral iq lol
neutral neutral neutral sucked neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao
neffliggs imo
neutral hpositive to neutral dna positive neutral hnegative .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral of the nuts . neutral positive negator neutral neutral . nutshot nickal positive negative neutral .
neutral hpositive of the wwe neutral , bo cheats to positive neutral neutral fights and neutral the neutral neutral alex positive neutral hooks the neutral neutral bo ducks and bo 's neutral tosses him neutral neutral neutral to positive the negative
negative neutral to the neutral !
headbutt positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . you heard neutral neutral neutral
eddi guerrero neutral neutral
neutral bo neutral to neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and positive the negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral makes him hpositive and positive chungus
tresean neutral neutral those neutral negative neutral positive eyes multistop
neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral with . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral that shows that neutral positive neutral . neutral intensifier neutral could've neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral .
okay neutral neutral you intensifier neutral neutral would've neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral ?
neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral bumps into neutral
ufc positive bellator neutral . neutral positive negator positive they neutral negator neutral hpositive fights for prospects they positive neutral . neutral they positive neutral to neutral those fights neutral the prelims .
neutral you positive neutral neutral the ufc would neutral neutral to bo neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral would negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral positive bo should neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral fights
neutral neutral per ppv positive neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral what bo 's mma neutral positive .
neutral smokes neutral hpositive looked thi neutral neutral . neutral looks positive positive neutral of the neutral positive aliens from neutral neutral negative
hey with neutral positive neutral neutral sounds negative and positive you diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral , neutral tuf , and those to losses positive neutral the ufc to intensifier hpositive fighters . if thi neutral neutral neutral the " neutral neutral " of mma neutral neutral negator neutral fights and neutral intensifier diminisher tuf intensifier thi neutral would neutral and neutral positive neutral against negative ncaa neutral . hanzel intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral ronda neutral bethe and neutral negative others ? diminisher of those neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . cards neutral neutral positive weaker neutral neutral positive neutral you that
neutral neutral positive to neutral ppl that maycee neutral neutral neutral neutral ppv co-main neutral neutral upon neutral neutral lol
when hnegative fans neutral neutral negator neutral cards neutral neutral bangers becaus they positive hpositive finishes from neutral crushers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
letters , dwcs . neutral positive diminisher neutral the hnegative neutral to neutral to the ufc .
bo nickal positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative fights neutral neutral ppvs
lmfao sinc when neutral anyon neutral thi subreddit neutral for neutral ppv . you neutral hnegative neutral the cards neutral neutral negator neutral positive you neutral for them
neutral for neutral ppv hahahaha
lol , neutral negator neutral positive . and neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . you neutral positive you neutral negator neutral neutral tuneup neutral .
neutral positive hpositive than neutral bo to the wolves neutral neutral
neutral . neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ppv neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral ppl positive bo ( neutral exp ) and rosas jr ( negative ) neutral fights neutral anyon hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral o'malley bc neutral wanted to neutral paid to neutral neutral guys negative neutral when bo / rosas negative neutral neutral the neutral champs . fans neutral negator positive thi , neutral fighters neutral neutral to neutral positive . they negator neutral positive “ idk if neutral neutral negative . my neutral negative positive intensifier neutral ”
neutral neutral neutral negator positive with thi neutral neutral . neutral positive that bo has positive neutral minutes of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral those neutral alternatives . neutral neutral diminisher diminisher hnegative positive .
neutral you neutral you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ? neutral neutral neutral and neutral problems thi positive positive complaining neutral how neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral
intensifier negator neutral positive neutral that , the neutral positive with neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral should neutral him vs . andr muniz
neutral neutral loblaw neutral neutral
sounds positive neutral neutral colby would neutral neutral with lol
thi neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral has diminisher neutral hpositive and heavier hands , hes diminisher hpositive than pickett
neutral positive that sean o'malley neutral
neutral negator positive , neutral positive neutral lol
neutral sucks neutral
thi positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive when neutral online neutral neutral and semi-complicated to neutral bets . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral to hnegative their lives neutral neutral neutral negative shit becaus neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral .
malcom gordon would positive to hnegative that .
positive npc
neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral pickett positive neutral to the negative neutral . neutral hnegative that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral him , neutral we positive neutral .
neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral ufc , and neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral sidestep neutral neutral neutral positive lol .
intensifier hpositive , diminisher of these casuals positive that bo positive neutral neutral lol
neutral positive negative bo positive neutral cans neutral to him , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral positive stands negator hpositive against chimaev neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral negator impressed with bo 's positive against jami pickett , intensifier hnegative positive neutral neutral ( neutral of neutral neutral hpositive ) . bo has to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the hype neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral ppv .
neutral neutral neutral negator positive where to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral fights neutral should've neutral and neutral fights neutral should've neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral expectations neutral negative
neutral neutral
neutral nug neutral , negator neutral neutral
nutflicks
neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator buying the ppv
hellulitis neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral hpositive .
neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral .
neutral you for neutral my neutral hahahha
neutral neutral neutral neutral preventing the neutral diminisher neutral until neutral positive kneed neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and negative positive neutral positive positive to the negative . neutral nickal nailed him with the hardest neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive him neutral the negative .
neutral knows . you neutral heard the neutral " that 's neutral you neutral the neutral " ?
when 's the neutral neutral you positive neutral bellator neutral ?
what positive hnegative with the neutral neutral ? bo neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negative . neutral positive positive neutral to neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral with thi
neutral neutral fights neutral neutral hnegative views , negator skills . bo brings neutral the views , neutral neutral that
hnegative neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral where thi should neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
thi subreddit cries neutral the ufc hnegative neutral neutral and having cards neutral with names they neutral negator hpositive and positive neutral neutral when the ufc tries to neutral fighters to neutral their neutral negative lmao neutral neutral neutral things to negative the ufc for neutral intensifier neutral of neutral from thi subreddit hpositive boils positive to " ufc hnegative upvote neutral "
negator confusing neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive positive when ufc fans started to positive hnegative neutral positive thi and how neutral neutral *tresean gore* neutral anyon 's neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral jon anik neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral to neutral managed to neutral the positive that positive tresean neutral "
neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral . negator hpositive wins neutral neutral neutral and neutral hasn't looked intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ufc fights .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral fights .
neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
you positive neutral , that positive positive what neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the matchup neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral guys with neutral positive mma fights of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
when ?
neutral positive from tuf neutral
positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral bo neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negative positive neutral . neutral neutral negative to neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive against him , negator cans that the ufc neutral to neutral neutral neutral . and if they positive neutral thi neutral neutral shit , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the prelims
bo positive intensifier hpositive than rosas neutral . rosas' hype positive becaus neutral positive negator becaus he‘s neutral neutral positive skills neutral negative . neutral thi means positive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral when neutral positive neutral to neutral negative from neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years .
neutral neutral you neutral positive voted ? the neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive hnegative neutral . bo should negator neutral neutral for neutral ranking rn , neutral neutral should neutral neutral diminisher positive negative hnegative guys positive borralho , duraev , hawes , rodrigues , etc . negator tresean neutral .
nickal has neutral mma fights neutral neutral these fights to neutral neutral neutral neutral , you negator neutral from mma fights neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral fighters negator diminisher fights .
positive the hnegative comments neutral thi and the comments neutral when khamzat positive neutral neutral vs burns
neutral has minutes neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral loblaw neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bo loblow 's neutral neutral blog
neutral the neutral neutral neutral of messages when the neutral happened , neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral bo'ff nickles - neutral that hpositive neutral intensifier neutral diminisher neutral than colby lmao
bo finna neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral
neutral neutral from neutral neutral to neutral of neutral neutral .
and nickal positive neutral neutral seems positive neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral would negator neutral against neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gets dropped into the neutral neutral and these neutral the fights you neutral to positive , and negative
neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral positive your neutral . neutral positive positive the neutral hpositive .
what neutral neutral negator positive ? neutral intensifier of neutral neutral negator positive how neutral neutral the neutral neutral including neutral . neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral the mma neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral . neutral neutral negator positive anyth negative neutral what neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
uhh multistop neutral negator neutral neutral positive you hpositive positive where to neutral him ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the ufc including the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to fakhretdinov , neutral positive himself . neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative and misremembering neutral diminisher . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier of neutral to develope neutral skillset negative neutral positive positive hpositive negative and neutral for neutral and positive diminisher negative neutral : hpositive positive your hnegative neutral and positive negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc including tuf
neutral johnson-esque neutral that neutral joe .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth that shows with negative neutral that neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral could've positive neutral to the neutral , could've positive the neutral , could've positive to the neutral and neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive . unless neutral positive diminisher neutral with neutral positive neutral of positive that neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral would negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral negator positive to the neutral .
they neutral neutral the neutral . and bo neutral
fedor
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral 's positive neutral diminisher neutral fights ffs
thi neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral hnegative and bo neutral negator from neutral neutral neutral neutral paycheck neutral neutral .
dunno neutral thi positive downvoted lol
neutral ppv neutral neutral fights neutral neutral neutral , which means fighters neutral neutral cards neutral the neutral . with the neutral of ppvs we neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive diminisher diminisher negative fighters neutral them . neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative heavyweights
to neutral what neutral hpositive neutral ? neutral positive to neutral hype for bo which positive neutral the neutral neutral becaus that positive what neutral neutral
thi subreddit positive the neutral bitching negative - ubc . of the neutral neutral neutral complaining neutral .
neutral negative lol . thi subreddit positive neutral negative positive to hnegative reddit subs where they hpositive their neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive , where neutral they hnegative neutral positive of hpositive . " thi positive bellator ( hnegative neutral negator neutral bellator ) " " thi would've headlined neutral neutral years neutral , espn sucks ( neutral neutral prospects neutral neutral neutral positive neutral cards ) "
you neutral positive overthinking thi neutral . fans positive neutral bo nickal neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral for neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral of fights neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive intensifier than hpositive neutral to neutral neutral of the positive stars neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher years .
negative fremd positive neutral intensifier hpositive positive . neutral neutral neutral becaus negative neutral iq and neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive lol
neutral neutral him diminisher negative that neutral 's neutral hnegative with neutral of the neutral neutral submissions of neutral neutral
if you positive thi and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral ) against negative fremd positive neutral positive positive that negative .
barber-grasso neutral the co-main for ufc and that neutral when neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative and grasso neutral neutral her neutral intensifier you neutral hnegative the negative . neutral negative they hpositive neutral negator diminisher positive that ricki simón vs bria kelleher neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral co-main ?
intensifier
positive
thi positive positive neutral neutral neutral , thi positive the neutral of negative neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral . could neutral him neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral ruins neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral
neutral you neutral rosas neutral ? neutral jiu jitsu positive neutral intensifier hpositive . and neutral negative thi neutral positive negator positive neutral .
if bo neutral neutral andr petroski neutral positive positive neutral neutral
the neutral neutral positive neutral of those where neutral positive negator negative . neutral neutral neutral watches mma hpositive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral . you neutral neutral that thi positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative . neutral positive neutral , has diminisher neutral neutral , and has neutral . neutral positive negator that neutral , neutral to neutral neutral , bo looked intensifier hnegative neutral neutral feet for the neutral neutral that neutral neutral lasted . they negator hpositive negative neutral him to the wolves with negative negative that has hpositive tdd until neutral has intensifier neutral to neutral neutral skillset . should thi neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? depends neutral what fights gets , neutral bo nickal has created neutral intensifier of neutral positive , intensifier neutral positive if neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral of " fans " complaining neutral neutral intensifier mma and positive diminisher cards hpositive to neutral these neutral of fights negative neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral those neutral , and someth positive hpositive neutral neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral positive positive . when neutral neutral sucked , that neutral neutral you positive for neutral months neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral layups against guys neutral positive negative neutral negative positive neutral ? neutral negator someth that neutral neutral challenging for him .
neutral neutral the intensifier neutral mw neutral , neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral tresean neutral and neutral fighters . neutral positive positive to neutral bo neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive positive him diminisher .
you neutral hpositive that the neutral neutral neutral divison positive litteraly
that positive neutral hpositive . if neutral neutral neutral andr petroski , neutral positive neutral neutral positive
puts you neutral the neutral negative neutral izzi for bringing neutral your neutral positive neutral
positive , neutral im hpositive negative neutral the " hpositive neutral neutral " .
for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral until neutral positive negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral guys to positive that neutral hnegative how hpositive neutral positive neutral
the neutral neutral kneed jami neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral when neutral looked positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral him positive neutral neutral ( which neutral intensifier negative neutral the neutral and overlooked neutral the neutral ) , neutral neutral transitions and neutral attempts against neutral neutral neutral lets neutral neutral , positive negator intensifier hpositive .
negator becaus neutral positive neutral neutral the ufc , if you neutral tuf fights intensifier of hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier , neutral hasn't intensifier positive anyon that neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral could neutral intensifier hpositive and hpositive neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral to . neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive than my neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator negative if neutral hpositive their neutral , becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral . we played the neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral what neutral the negative positive neutral .
khezmet of to years neutral enters the negative
intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative ufc hpositive neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral khabib neutral neutral neutral mma neutral ? neutral you neutral you negator heard of him
you neutral positive fighters neutral , neutral ? that positive what they positive of their careers neutral and where the neutral of improvements neutral neutral . how positive negative hpositive positive neutral to hnegative bo ? positive that neutral to hpositive him neutral positive ?
nah they neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral gonna positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral them against neutral neutral neutral negative , negator thi neutral .
nah , years neutral thi would neutral positive neutral neutral headlining neutral . that positive how you neutral neutral for neutral and comers neutral avoiding putting neutral matches neutral negative hpositive ppv multistop
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral for the ufc 's negative neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive , neutral from the neutral of neutral non-casual neutral neutral negator neutral for the ufc and positive negator neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral negative neutral , and positive negator ppv hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral that and positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral goddamn hnegative .
neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive that fremd positive positive intensifier hpositive
neutral what neutral ? becaus the ufc neutral neutral him ?
bo positive neutral of the greatest wrestlers to neutral neutral neutral the ufc . for hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral of the positive , if negator the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral that , neutral neutral positive positive competiting neutral neutral positive negative neutral bjj comps for neutral diminisher years neutral . to neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive mma neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral neutral for the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative the ufc positive negator neutral that sinc of their fans neutral neutral neutral , and they neutral neutral with letting him neutral cans
neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral having ufc diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral myself annoyed neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral ufc when neutral started neutral neutral would neutral stoked if we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cards . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the hnegative cards neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral bangers and hpositive versa . you negator hpositive until the fights neutral . ufc neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral and neutral positive neutral of my positive events neutral neutral neutral positive to thi neutral .
started neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher shitty neutral cards , neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral mma . neutral ufc , neutral , pfl , bellator . neutral positive neutral positive thi neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral they neutral neutral to neutral nickal neutral and the neutral neutral to neutral that positive to neutral him tougher and tougher challenges . if they neutral him against khamzat neutral neutral neutral positive neutral surprised that mma neutral positive intensifier hpositive than neutral . neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral has neutral hands and hpositive tdd neutral positive neutral hpositive positive against neutral neutral has to neutral fights and neutral ones . intensifier positive that nickal looked hnegative neutral the neutral neutral against neutral and neutral neutral with the neutral positive until the negative neutral . and neutral positive thi neutral neutral positive bo nickal neutral
and neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus of the neutral neutral with adesanya , and negative hpositive neutral ups becaus of thi . neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral adesanya positive to neutral and their styles to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive nickal neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and followed him neutral neutral neutral neutral , nickal has neutral neutral fights and neutral fights . neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative amatuer positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
hahah that positive hpositive
negative positive neutral neutral , negative , intensifier neutral him neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral gets neutral positive neutral knuckles .
the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative . neutral you neutral positive . positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral him positive than neutral would neutral expected for hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative for neutral neutral . neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral neutral negator against neutral neutral . neutral negative to neutral him positive .
neutral you neutral neutral kneed pickett neutral the neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral couldnt neutral the neutral positive ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative when neutral started positive neutral neutral positive neutral and has neutral positive neutral mma fights , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative when neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive dropped positive to neutral . neutral liked the neutral neutral tuf , neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral and neutral positive positive neutral intensifier of negative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral knows neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral you negative bo to hpositive neutral ?
lol what khamzat 's neutral ppv neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral the ufc , and neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral with positive ufc fights neutral neutral neutral lmao negator neutral neutral to the neutral
if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral positive negative , neutral neutral neutral ppv positive negator .
neutral neutral neutral negator asked to neutral bucks to neutral khabib 's mma neutral .
we neutral neutral to neutral , pickett neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , thi neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive from pickett . bo should neutral challenging himself to neutral hpositive , negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hey we neutral neutral to neutral . negator worries .
khabibs mma neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ufc ppv neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral with you thi positive neutral hpositive neutral paid positive neutral for bo .
you neutral negator negative negative hpositive to neutral hnegative neutral you neutral guys positive khamzat neutral calls neutral neutral heavyweights .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier negative . idk neutral dudes positive you neutral intensifier obsessed with neutral prospects neutral positive northcutted
they neutral positive neutral thi for neutral diminisher years neutral , neutral positive frustrating neutral neutral intensifier and intensifier neutral
neutral malley neutral neutral cans neutral the neutral diminisher conor fights iirc . neutral negator positive neutral neutral . thi positive neutral of them neutral neutral and neutral prospects . neutral neutral the subreddit complaining neutral the neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , positive complaining when they neutral what they neutral to neutral neutral negative positive to the fans
legit neutral of the neutral hnegative submissions neutral neutral neutral neutral
debuting against negative underrated negative positive neutral positive neutral that neutral , hnegative .
records neutral hnegative neutral should negator positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral , rodolfo viera positive to hpositive fights positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral and positive positive intensifier , and neutral positive intensifier mma neutral than bo neutral neutral their debuts . bo positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral with the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral gets neutral someth
what % hpositive neutral you neutral neutral against bo ?
positive , neutral positive negative that fans neutral negator positive that . hpositive bc they neutral hyping neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral guys positive neutral means when neutral positive negative they positive neutral neutral shit neutral of ppv
neutral negator hnegative , the neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral to the neutral and the neutral neutral the neutral from neutral . the neutral the neutral neutral intensifier ignored neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral ? hnegative . positive neutral hpositive of overturning the neutral to neutral nc ( which positive negator neutral becaus commissions positive negator neutral the hnegative and hpositive to neutral neutral neutral if negator happened ) , becaus what transpired neutral negator neutral neutral positive .
neutral hnegative neutral for neutral neutral hpositive .
imo neutral looked positive neutral could negator neutral him positive , and neutral hpositive of negative negative negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral positive .
neutral has diminisher neutral , neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative of years neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral from neutral .
neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral to hnegative neutral and positive started neutral fights neutral diminisher neutral and positive to where neutral positive positive .
neutral 's neutral to neutral
positive neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . positive neutral that hnegative to neutral neutral neutral your neutral diminisher neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier becaus of neutral positive the ones neutral thi neutral neutral of messages who've neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive negative and neutral and neutral neutral you complaining ?
neutral positive neutral of the neutral hnegative nicknames neutral mma
where neutral thi positive of negative mma neutral hnegative neutral neutral career-ending neutral neutral from ? rodolfo vs neutral neutral neutral neutral match-up positive becaus they positive neutral matched - rodolfo neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral . rodolfo neutral , and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative ; sinc positive neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier positive , negator positive neutral for submissions neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral prospects neutral guys that they diminisher positive positive neutral - that positive neutral of the positive problems neutral neutral imo . neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral for mma than bjj positive . neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral adcc neutral neutral became ufc neutral
hnegative neutral biased becaus neutral neutral neutral nickal neutral sinc neutral penn neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive nickal looked hnegative neutral the feet against pickett and neutral neutral to neutral the neutral until the negative neutral . neutral has hpositive tdd than neutral and heavier hands
neutral pico positive neutral neutral neutral … neutral should've positive neutral undercards against cans for neutral negative of years neutral neutral neutral sniffed neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral
lol thi neutral neutral shows how hnegative neutral positive . the neutral positive looked neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral to negative neutral , becaus neutral positive negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that shows the neutral of positive to hpositive you intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you negative neutral overturned becaus pickett neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral . usman faked neutral negative neutral when neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral kicked , neutral should we neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral fights neutral of my positive 's neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral . these negative guys positive neutral neutral with specialists neutral neutral , , neutral and mma , you negator positive the leaps they neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral them they neutral improved . the neutral neutral with rinat neutral neutral to anyon . that neutral of rinat poses problems for everyon . neutral negator positive and that negator neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral hpositive . intensifier anyon neutral has neutral positive neutral ppv knows thi . you neutral neutral hpositive negative
becaus neutral of neutral positive sets positive intensifier positive negative that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hnegative skills neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative and neutral dedicated ) . intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for when that neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive to positive neutral neutral neutral than neutral positive to positive neutral neutral fighter… which positive what you positive neutral neutral neutral if you neutral him to the wolves . neutral neutral that neutral neutral ( for neutral ) , neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral earned neutral neutral ranking becaus neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral , would you diminisher the neutral neutral and positive that ? neutral would you diminisher the neutral neutral neutral neutral ( with positive neutral positive from the neutral cards ) and positive that ?
neutral positive neutral neutral positive , hpositive neutral to intensifier you neutral neutral to neutral putting neutral negative you neutral neutral him , neutral ?
omg neutral neutral that shit intensifier of hpositive neutral positive knocked neutral . that positive the neutral bellator neutral neutral positive neutral bc the hype
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral idiots .
you hpositive neutral neutral someth hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral the fuck knows neutral bo nickal positive hnegative than hardcore fans ?
negative , neutral him to the prelims where neutral belongs for neutral . the neutral neutral should neutral for hpositive neutral fighters neutral for neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral of positive positive if neutral positive that positive . neutral neutral the neutral the neutral should've neutral to negative neutral .
neutral positive positive among casuals . wtf neutral you neutral ?
intensifier you missed the neutral where they neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral to the neutral for neutral fights ? neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral pimblett positive . becaus neutral positive headlining events and neutral positive intensifier hnegative ( for ufc ) to neutral .
the neutral you neutral neutral asking neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral says to neutral you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to negative with negative neutral .
the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral has neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
tbh neutral has positive diminisher positive neutral chiefs neutral meatball and jbj . chael neutral neutral figgi and ngannou neutral neutral neutral . these neutral of the neutral of my neutral .
negator . becaus curses neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral 's “ bets ” neutral paid neutral for crypto negative neutral neutral . neutral positive negator intensifier neutral , neutral negative that shit .
positive that . neutral wanna hpositive kenny florian 's neutral .
neutral neutral the nam pham negative neutral neutral when
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the rules neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral would hpositive hnegative that neutral , and sinc neutral neutral the hnegative neutral would neutral neutral the neutral .
if neutral neutral positive , the negative neutral whether neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral positive neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral believed neutral neutral . neutral hpositive wanted to neutral neutral negative points .
when you neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier hnegative you neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral psychedelics when they positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive cori sandhagen . neutral of the diminisher intensifier positive and intensifier hnegative fighters neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral himself from neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral would hpositive to neutral neutral neutral with him .
positive
when you negative to joe , you gotta neutral neutral neutral into neutral psychedelic neutral . joe neutral that shit neutral .
makes positive what hes neutral . neutral humans neutral hpositive neutral the neutral they neutral neutral if they positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of 'game' with neutral . neutral neutral neutral stigmas intensifier hpositive neutral negative hnegative positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of sandhagen , my hpositive for him has neutral neutral stronger , and neutral neutral neutral rooting for him neutral neutral neutral toward the neutral neutral . neutral positive that with neutral improved mindset , neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral for the negative neutral . if neutral positive to neutral aljo neutral , neutral neutral positive that neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral hpositive hpositive of negative . hnegative of the neutral , sandhagen positive neutral hpositive neutral , and neutral neutral negator positive that neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral of my positive fighters . positive of neutral to you , cori !
someth corey neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to positive chito neutral and neutral would neutral neutral that neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier
neutral positive describing neutral neutral positive . intensifier positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral and practicing neutral positive neutral your neutral for the hpositive
sandhagen looks positive diminisher neutral
sounds positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral letting neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral the neutral ; neutral of positive how when you neutral neutral neutral neutral that you neutral neutral hundreds of hpositive neutral you neutral hpositive neutral of neutral your neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative you neutral neutral the positive , neutral neutral and positive , and neutral positive to neutral neutral of neutral the neutral that neutral prevents you from neutral that neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral , the hnegative , negative , neutral , etc .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral from neutral looks hpositive positive cori . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral listened to the masvidal neutral positive , neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral .
thi neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral neutral
ryan reynolds neutral neutral rogan ?
neutral neutral sounds positive neutral thinks neutral positive the smartest neutral neutral the neutral
neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive positive neutral chito neutral negator neutral anyth to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral of positive positive neutral neutral neutral of positive that . the neutral neutral takes neutral and you neutral of hyper positive neutral things positive the hnegative negator positive neutral " that hnegative " neutral controlling your neutral etc . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral .
ojeda ( sp ? ) positive neutral
neutral lowkey positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral to neutral neutral diminisher dishes and heard neutral neutral neutral of the judges having neutral for chito and sprinted neutral to neutral the neutral .
these edibles ain't - vera "
neutral cori neutral ? neutral positive positive the neutral personalities neutral mma neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive sandhagen hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral that thi positive downvoted , you guys positive neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral neutral
neutral has the neutral neutral positive and positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral instagram that showed neutral how intensifier and neutral to the neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral .
neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral positive emerged from monkeys neutral shrooms multiquestion ! ?
neutral hnegative neutral . intensifier with that neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral that positive rohan for you multistop
neutral neutral heard him neutral himself negator hnegative neutral hpositive
neutral positive hpositive hpositive to you neutral folks .
neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral ( positive neutral neutral , neutral positive positive ) . whenev we would neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral , neutral would hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive , and intensifier neutral hnegative " peeeeeee-yewwwwwwwww ! "
neutral neutral neutral diminisher where neutral has neutral , hnegative neutral hnegative . neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher neutral
lol . negative negative hnegative negative and neutral . reddit positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral if you hnegative neutral your neutral neutral you could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sandhagen . positive neutral neutral negative downvotes neutral neutral neutral became hpositive to hnegative neutral and neutral .
neutral lives neutral denver and neutral bjj . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive .
thi neutral for neutral
gah damnit neutral negator neutral if thi positive neutral hnegative pasta lmao
hpositive neutral . neutral neutral the neutral .
keith peterson 's favourite neutral
neutral negative ? negator neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral you negative ?
" where the neutral neutral ? " - keith peterson
neutral neutral negator the neutral negative neutral muay neutral neutral neutral greats . neutral nong neutral positive neutral neutral neutral lumpinee neutral , rajadamnern neutral neutral , vigo neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of thailand neutral . hpositive neutral neutral . with with wins neutral liam harrison neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) , fabio pinca neutral neutral ) , petchboonchu neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) and neutral hnegative fighters neutral neutral neutral neutral belts neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral him diminisher intensifier neutral hpositive ! neutral positive hnegative to neutral anyon against the neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral negative fighters neutral neutral the neutral . of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral him , saenchai , panpayak , prajanchai , petchboonchu , yodwicha , superlek multistop that positive what neutral neutral the positive would neutral positive neutral .
neutral negator neutral nong-o 's neutral neutral muay neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral negative neutral neutral haggerty neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral pt — neutral with neutral neutral neutral the u.s. and neutral . neutral tv neutral neutral countries ( neutral neutral listings ) neutral positive neutral neutral youtube and neutral facebook ( geo-restrictions neutral neutral ) neutral positive neutral ( geo-restrictions neutral neutral )
for neutral , dieselnoi positive the muay neutral neutral , negative neutral phreak , intensifier positive to neutral becaus negator neutral wanted to neutral him . intensifier . neutral talked neutral neutral neutral sylvie von duuglas ittu 's youtube neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral couldnt neutral fights becaus negator neutral would neutral him and the neutral neutral intensifier negator hpositive neutral positive and neutral couldnt neutral to negator neutral anymore aswel neutral the neutral neutral negative , becausw , negator neutral , wanted to neutral him . for those that negator hpositive : neutral neutral and with legs intensifier neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral the neutral , positive .
where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral my neutral
liam and fabio positive neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral nong-o and petchboonchu . positive fighters , neutral 'world champion' neutral muay neutral neutral diminisher cases neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral . depends neutral the organisation and the negative of positive neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral prix with neutral those names you mentioned neutral their neutral !
neutral says r/mma . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive negative neutral to neutral thi .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral laurenc kenshin neutral neutral youtube , neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral . my favorites , neutral , neutral saenchai , buakaw and lerdsila . neutral positive positive that tawanchai positive neutral neutral neutral of my favorites to neutral . and hpositive , positive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral diminisher rodtang neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , they neutral diminisher neutral neutral tons of hpositive positive multistop neutral hpositive panpayak 's neutral prajanchai neutral and superlek neutral hpositive , and yodwicha / petch / saenchai / nong-o neutral neutral intensifier than neutral fights neutral neutral pairing
yah neutral neutral intensifier hnegative saenchai neutral him positive with neutral neutral hnegative for neutral of them neutral neutral the neutral
that positive my neutral pacheco
larissa , neutral hpositive neutral you to neutral my groceries for neutral diminisher months and neutral positive neutral neutral of your neutral
neutral thi positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral jessica andrade positive her neutral fucked with when she became neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral when you hpositive neutral positive
sucks to neutral . neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral they neutral neutral .
they should neutral you neutral neutral her .
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral when you neutral neutral neutral / friends / acquaintances neutral neutral you positive for neutral neutral to neutral neutral their businesses neutral schemes . if neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral negator hnegative neutral them neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral dollars
fyi you neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative the neutral . you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the fights you positive to neutral neutral .
honda neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral she could neutral her neutral .
pfl neutral to hpositive those neutral neutral neutral diminisher thicker neutral the chesr neutral .
that positive neutral ufc fighters neutral to neutral neutral of their neutral negative . they hpositive what happens when neutral and friends neutral the intensifier numbers released neutral commissions .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of intensifier diminisher neutral friends that believed neutral her and neutral her she neutral hnegative kayla harrison neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
neutral 's neutral neutral
she neutral neutral neutral neutral
what happened ? neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral negative
congrats , you neutral negator neutral positive haha
underrated neutral
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral & neutral neutral neutral signs neutral positive neutral and that negative positive neutral neutral the neutral multistop positive larissa positive neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral
hnegative neutral
negator , that positive has neutral to negator to neutral with things . neutral positive the ufc that chooses to neutral neutral numbers neutral to the neutral neutral the neutral neutral companies and promoters neutral neutral neutral . when those numbers neutral neutral from positive fights , hnegative fighters neutral pissed and neutral for intensifier neutral neutral positive negator neutral fights . hpositive neutral neutral limits the neutral of neutral they neutral neutral with . neutral has neutral to neutral thi diminisher neutral requiring neutral of neutral .
if the downvotes neutral to neutral anyth neutral positive that neutral neutral negator negative to positive that ufc fighters neutral neutral compensated neutral negative to their peers . neutral neutral against the neutral neutral of “ negator ufc neutral neutral makes neutral neutral neutral . ”
neutral neutral how she neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral the things we would neutral when we neutral neutral positive .
neutral intensifier negator eggs for that neutral .
her ex-wife neutral mismanaged neutral embezzled neutral intensifier of andrade 's neutral , neutral neutral she neutral the blanchfield neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral 's negator neutral to conclusions hpositive positive
neutral positive hpositive positive ***slimy*** neutral neutral negator hnegative with the neutral asking for neutral neutral and neutral . neutral positive neutral that becaus that positive when neutral has intensifier neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral could negator neutral that to neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral sorta hpositive hpositive neutral they neutral neutral neutral .
fighters neutral positive their neutral neutral neutral anytime . they neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . pacheco hpositive neutral neutral neutral . you neutral hpositive regurgitating negative r/mma anti-ufc negative neutral . neutral neutral manager/lawyer negotiating these deals . neutral positive requested the ufc structures deals thi neutral . r/mma positive neutral of the neutral hpositive hpositive negator positive anyth to hnegative against the ufc hipsters
nah , neutral downvotes hpositive neutral your neutral positive shit and you neutral negator hpositive what you neutral negative neutral .
ufc fighters themselv neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral the fighters neutral neutral positive positive neutral and putting their asses neutral the neutral .
neutral negative positive shoes neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive shoes
wtf , intensifier ? neutral to neutral
neutral that the neutral neutral she neutral with neutral embedded ?
neutral could negator hnegative the negator of hpositive neutral neutral has to neutral someth positive that .
exactly…fighters neutral neutral their neutral anytime they negative , neutral neutral happens diminisher . if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive to the neutral neutral negative
becaus they neutral neutral neutral u/dirtymoneyjesus neutral has bills to neutral
>as nhl players positive neutral donald fehr neutral , ** “ you neutral to hpositive where you neutral neutral . if you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral , you negator neutral that . if you negator neutral that , you negator neutral neutral . ” ** >the neutral nhl neutral neutral the neutral neutral salaries positive neutral , neutral neutral that negative climbed to neutral . >it 's hpositive to negative that negator neutral neutral those increases would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive . from : positive : neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for ufc
anytime they positive neutral , neutral positive neutral for “ neutral negative neutral positive positive . ” the mmaaa neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive and disappeared hpositive neutral negative neutral everyon positive neutral positive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral these freeking neutral corporations man…
>however , the positive positive positive negator the neutral neutral neutral andrade feelings neutral neutral her neutral . neutral negative neutral with ag neutral , jessica neutral neutral that the ufc paid her neutral neutral to hpositive jessica hpositive neutral hnegative positive neutral that neutral from her neutral and the mishandling of her neutral neutral her ex-wife . > > “ neutral we neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . you neutral to neutral neutral and positive the neutral hpositive vanishes . neutral neutral realized neutral , neutral positive negator neutral . that positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for the positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral . when neutral needed them the neutral , they positive neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral overcoming hardships and neutral , ”
yup
to neutral to positive , hpositive neutral neutral if that . what neutral neutral for neutral neutral
lesbians neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
andrade positive neutral outta her neutral
negator neutral to positive fighters neutral paid neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral says neutral positive positive becaus neutral has positive homes . neutral neutral and jamal neutral positive neutral , negator neutral negative neutral to neutral .
mma fans neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral of highschool
prolly , neutral andrade positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral that neutral mindset
neutral hpositive neutral the neutral positive of dogshit neutral neutral that has positive positive neutral positive to and neutral to intensifier and intensifier of the neutral with neutral neutral neutral diminisher fighters having neutral intensifier of neutral
neutral she positive neutral hpositive af and seems to neutral neutral hpositive negative
my hnegative , neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the convo and negator hnegative what neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral negator neutral to neutral the ufc neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral of fighters neutral they neutral to neutral for their neutral positive to neutral them intensifier than anyth . neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hnegative stories , neutral neutral negative to hpositive neutral positive , neutral lifestyle , neutral neutral ferrari . if justin positive to neutral the neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral etc .
dawodu vs almeida positive neutral neutral neutral
the neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral fights neutral . jiri positive neutral hnegative . everyon neutral has neutral / positive neutral negative neutral to neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative with neutral nunes neutral negative neutral . canadians hpositive khamzat vs whittaker/costa for rounds neutral .
positive aiemann neutral neutral neutral neutral to firas zahabi multiquestion
intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral vancouver ? neutral neutral hpositive gonna neutral for negative neutral neutral .
aw neutral , how neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral to hpositive neutral that fili vs almeida neutral neutral . would neutral positive neutral negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral for hnegative
flames neutral
>ufc nonono neutral negator that neutral neutral bullshit
gotta neutral with aoriqileng and dawudo neutral
intensifier positive ariel helwani vs the neutral positive with the negative neutral
neutral the nunes neutral into neutral
negative the hnegative to moreno , neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral of ufc
neutral khamzat vs returning rori
neutral neutral positive firas' negative neutral
positive neutral positive firas and helwani 's negative hpositive neutral
neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral
neutral puts neutral bangers neutral the neutral positive negator negative neutral to neutral neutral .
negative , neutral hnegative positive neutral hpositive neutral positive . positive neutral neutral hpositive ?
hnegative neutral , neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral 's negative neutral than neutral negative fights
neutral positive positive and diminisher meh .
negator intensifier . neutral neutral has moved intensifier neutral . years neutral and neutral neutral neutral started neutral years neutral .
hpositive positive neutral wmma neutral
neutral neutral weili neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral you your negative fights ( neutral aspinall , neutral neutral hpositive him )
neutral positive the neutral : > “ neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral would neutral him intensifier neutral , ” ali walsh neutral reporters . “ you hpositive , if neutral hpositive wrestled , neutral jiu-jitsu , and neutral neutral these hnegative things that neutral intensifier neutral required for mma , neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral . > > “ jon neutral positive looked neutral to him , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive that , ” neutral neutral . “ intensifier , if muhammad ali neutral negative mma neutral and neutral neutral neutral against jon neutral , it'd neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral neutral that neutral . intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral . ” intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral that neutral diminisher neutral neutral where ali positive neutral neutral positive mma neutral of neutral , and happened to neutral jon neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral to neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral negator positive the neutral . neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral mma positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral against jon , hpositive becaus of neutral neutral .
ah intensifier positive neutral you for thi positive
neutral neutral ali decimates jon and neutral mma jon decimates ali neutral neutral neutral neutral jon intensifier murders ali and neutral to negative for neutral
neutral neutral what neutral we neutral neutral ? jon would negative neutral neutral , neutral , neutral negative mma neutral . jon when neutral massacres the positive mma fighters , fiancés , neutral women , and balls .
neutral neutral ali would hnegative neutral lol , neutral neutral mma their neutral would neutral positive how neutral hnegative neutral neutral vs izzi would've neutral , neutral takes him positive neutral seconds and latches neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral kimura , neutral the neutral of izzi neutral neutral hpositive hnegative intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral him to the neutral neutral positive neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral kimura neutral neutral and positive negative neutral neutral and injuring him to neutral neutral neutral lmao and intensifier becaus when neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to positive intensifier hnegative them neutral the neutral
neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral neutral mma neutral would neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral smashed into neutral neutral .
ali would neutral neutral lhw neutral neutral neutral neutral mw with neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral to
neutral neutral negator hpositive cte neutral neutral transmissable .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral surprised
intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral neutral negative clickbait headlines
neutral intensifier neutral neutral dudes having neutral negative mma neutral with hnegative neutral neutral and negative . im neutral for neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral . ali positive negative positive neutral the neutral , and neutral positive neutral negative - neutral , neutral , positive , neutral neutral , everyth . and neutral negator peds ( neutral neutral neutral negator positive peds ! ) .
neutral you neutral ali 's hpositive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral jon neutral him ?
greatest neutral destroys mma neutral neutral neutral . greatest mma neutral destroys neutral neutral mma intensifier neutral neutral
neutral ali neutral . negative ali neutral neutral intensifier negative . when neutral became neutral neutral , neutral neutral - that positive positive negative than pereira , neutral neutral whittaker . neutral positive neutral diminisher pounds heavier than chimaev , neutral chimaev positive hpositive than ali and has positive neutral to neutral neutral - neutral him neutral diminisher years to neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive negative and neutral to ali . intensifier neutral . with mma neutral neutral , ali would neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral … neutral positive positive neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator positive neutral could neutral him from neutral hnegative him
hnegative to neutral neutral neutral that moves intensifier neutral . *yeah neutral , neutral neutral neutral to negative for that neutral . *
neutral idk neutral these negative neutral hypotheticals neutral neutral asked when everyon knows the neutral
could jon neutral neutral tyson hnegative ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
neutral positive neutral you positive neutral that . whenev hnegative neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral tyson and dc neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive youtube neutral tiktok , neutral of the comments positive tyson wins lol

from the neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral . neutral intensifier hpositive sources of neutral .
khabib neutral enjoyed denying conor neutral neutral intensifier than neutral enjoyed neutral him . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral
mcgregor could neutral neutral neutral 's neutral and fucked neutral neutral , and neutral neutral would neutral positive the neutral if neutral could .
hnegative and jon neutral positive negator neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral
" hnegative , mcgregor 's neutral to neutral neutral positive messages with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to nurmagomedov having neutral neutral of negative . neutral neutral barstool neutral : “ neutral gonna neutral neutral until conor neutral neutral thi s*** . " bruh neutral would khabib neutral neutral fuck neutral diminisher dm 's , sounds positive neutral positive neutral things neutral neutral .
positive , becaus the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and the fans needed neutral neutral . / neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , negative hpositive for khabib to neutral dillon danis neutral the neutral positive negator neutral hnegative thing… neutral neutral neutral , we neutral hpositive conor would've tapped positive neutral neutral .
" thi positive diminisher man-code shit " - neutral neutral , redacted
neutral neutral neutral the neutral conor 's neutral neutral neutral instagram neutral someth positive “ neutral neutral neutral to the neutral ” neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral , negator positive neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral
neutral hpositive positive neutral could neutral neutral the neutral conor wanted neutral and neutral neutral blew neutral becaus neutral leaked those texts …it 's neutral girlfriend shit lol
neutral neutral intensifier neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral negator neutral neutral lol . khabib would neutral wrecked him intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral .
“ if you neutral khabib , you negative to neutral him neutral , because… you know……… ”
hahahah wtf positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive negator hnegative if thi positive neutral generated neutral negator
bros neutral neutral buffering and hpositive negative neutral . kid positive positive
to neutral neutral to neutral , what neutral intensifier positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive stinky
khabib has negator addressed neutral positive him sinc , positive positive neutral mcgregor neutral neutral sinc
neutral neutral neutral neutral and fucked neutral neutral . neutral neutral
and the neutral neutral jumped neutral the neutral to neutral conor would negator neutral neutral the ufc neutral . women would negator neutral neutral the ufc . what neutral ?
you neutral negator positive , conor positive the intensifier that shit 's hnegative , everyon knows neutral , including khabib . you negative my neutral , my neutral neutral neutral ? negative , we positive neutral . you neutral negative neutral 's dms and you neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral we neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral , positive hes intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral negator leaking neutral positive biases
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . to thi neutral neutral neutral tons of mcgregor fanboys negative neutral neutral positive . and that neutral neutral neutral from the positive . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to positive against neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral .
the nelk boys positive him neutral neutral and neutral positive intensifier negative neutral negative eyes
neutral positive neutral hnegative motherfucka lol
they neutral positive neutral neutral exchanges , khabib has commented neutral neutral fights sinc positive neutral hpositive
neutral slapped my neutral , neutral fk neutral , what positive neutral neutral gonna neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral positive neutral hnegative everyon neutral

tbf , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral has hnegative toward mcgregor , intensifier neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral to neutral that neutral
neutral neutral negator intensifier negative when neutral neutral to the fanboys neutral 's neutral positive , izzi positive against poatan and neutral neutral negative positive alex positive hpositive .
khabib neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
my hnegative hnegative
neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral lol
**mirrors / / neutral angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/mma ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
intensifier , neutral hpositive we positive refs positive that neutral neutral . what neutral intensifier negative .
neutral shit what neutral neutral . positive if neutral positive neutral ufc neutral neutral someth positive thi , positive koty . neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral to hnegative the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier what neutral negative
neutral of finishes neutral thi neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier stands neutral . neutral combo
that neutral hpositive of neutral neutral . neutral neutral and what neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral that neutral
when panpayak neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral anyth positive neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , the neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral .
hnegative and neutral
tbf neutral positive negator neutral rules neutral mma intensifier neutral positive hnegative for them to neutral positive thi . would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive to hnegative him .
neutral ? neutral hnegative neutral him neutral negative !
intensifier hpositive ! neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral when refs neutral neutral the neutral of their neutral .
neutral neutral and neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . positive helped bisping neutral the rockhold neutral . neutral positive neutral guys neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tendencies for hpositive neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive to positive neutral amounts of neutral neutral and having neutral neutral neutral your neutral positive the neutral ? someth that positive negator positive and neutral neutral negative could've neutral you ?
neutral negator positive shev neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral neutral against the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral espn and neutral downvote .
neutral positive neutral negative neutral and neutral , neutral the neutral belongs to the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral takes for neutral to neutral neutral from them .
you hpositive neutral neutral mma neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral has positive hnegative for hnegative years .
neutral neutral neutral neutral lb neutral , intensifier neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral rosas neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral ups and gushers with that neutral . hpositive for the kid
hpositive for rosas jr . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral .
negator intensifier neutral catchweight if rosas positive neutral
of you neutral lol
neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . rosas itd
rodriguez playing the neutral neutral . gonna neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral has negative hpositive and neutral negator hnegative to the hyped neutral teenager .
neutral neutral negator neutral with rodrigues intensifier . how legit of neutral positive positive neutral for rosas ?
for positive neutral
gonna neutral positive
neutral positive missed neutral neutral hasn't neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive neutral mom that neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with that neutral
hpositive neutral rosas . neutral that neutral for neutral and neutral positive neutral hpositive kid .
neutral neutral the neutral lookin positive neutral chach neutral : lmao neutral neutral the neutral comin neutral neutral with alts to downvote thi neutral , talkabout negative l.fao.
intensifier rodriguez positive gonna neutral negative neutral / neutral neutral if neutral loses and neutral to neutral him . that positive neutral .
neutral how neutral gets of neutral neutral neutral neutral dudes positive chimeav neutral to neutral their when their fights neutral moved to hnegative neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral pounds neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negative hnegative when theh negative to pounds neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral for the neutral to neutral neutral neutral . brazillian neutral vs positive brooks neutral positive positive that . neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral you gonna neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral . neutral positive negator to neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive intensifier to neutral neutral heavier to hpositive them neutral your neutral . and negator neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral s&c that neutral and neutral neutral with intensifier neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
you positive neutral gushers neutral neutral , negator negative if neutral chooses that .
takis !
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive that stuff… neutral neutral positive neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral . neutral that is…
how neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral upvotes ? hnegative neutral you neutral .
neutral neutral
gonna hpositive neutral mom negative mini neutral
of neutral neutral positive positive
neutral negative neutral neutral . for neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral what neutral hnegative , neutral hpositive intensifier from my positive neutral neutral .
they neutral thi for neutral neutral where neutral misses neutral . neutral positive hpositive for neutral reasons — “ thi neutral positive neutral with neutral fighters neutral neutral negative neutral ”
that positive hpositive , neutral neutral catchweight neutral the wiki neutral intensifier neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral .
lol neutral wtf . that positive positive if neutral neutral you to neutral my neutral and positive you positive “ i'll neutral neutral for neutral you neutral the neutral
positive neutral intensifier for neutral neutral . lol . that positive neutral how neutral my neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier negator that neutral of neutral neutral , rodrigues positive legit neutral neutral you neutral rosas should neutral neutral someth ?
neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral himself positive . neutral neutral negative to neutral pearce neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive if neutral neutral neutral diminisher takedowns neutral negative to neutral feet neutral positive neutral to neutral to intensifier positive
neutral positive neutral wins negative . neutral / tko , subs ( neutral , neutral hpositive , and armbar ) and neutral . thi neutral likes to negative fights . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral against jonothan neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc . rodrigues has wins neutral bellator , lfa , neutral hnegative neutral , and neutral neutral . should neutral neutral hpositive neutral . would hpositive to neutral him hpositive rosas .
lol
using neutral to neutral anyth positive hpositive sounds hnegative . the neutral of neutral positive negator neutral neutral to positive neutral positive hnegative objects .
that positive neutral positive negative hpositive , my neutral
that positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative
talmbout danni segs ?
the neutral diminisher pounds neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral of you than the neutral from my neutral .
the neutral matters neutral that we neutral neutral neutral and negator depleting yourself positive than negative helps the neutral neutral
neutral neutral is… neutral intensifier .
depends neutral neutral what neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral positive and negative . and negator everyon 's neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral you hpositive fuck neutral your calculations , neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral ( neutral has positive stories of fighters neutral neutral cuts neutral hnegative neutral neutral bathrooms becaus they positive negator hnegative hpositive options for diminisher neutral ) .
positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral fighters that neutral neutral and the results they neutral . neutral positive neutral negative , negative hpositive .
you should negator neutral neutral grapplers positive with thi . wrestlers neutral hpositive neutral , unless their neutral positive yoel romero neutral neutral hpositive dc ( neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral intensifier neutral that neutral positive to neutral ) . neutral neutral positive positive neutral wrestlers . neutral neutral neutral the neutral fights neutral the neutral they wrestled neutral neutral , and negative neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral and hpositive non-existent . the positive hnegative positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral weigh-ins , negator neutral neutral neutral . intensifier , negator wrestlers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral their opponents . they neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of them neutral positive neutral hpositive that they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral for neutral neutral neutral competing hpositive neutral neutral vs hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral and competing the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
khamzat neutral negator neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral . your neutral makes neutral positive
neutral neutral negator positive . putting myself neutral neutral shoes , neutral positive neutral the neutral
neutral them with neutral diminisher tajin ( neutral negative and neutral neutral ) . the negative neutral and negative with the neutral neutral positive to neutral for .
gushers neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ups neutral hpositive if you neutral neutral of them you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral you positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral combo neutral with neutral neutral the neutral and neutral rolls neutral neutral . the gushers positive neutral neutral neutral and intensifier diminisher oozes . hnegative neutral of the negative .
-
neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral thi neutral neutral hasn't neutral her the mini neutral positive becaus the positive neutral neutral until hpositive neutral to neutral paid neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
to neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral the negative paid fighters neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive paydays neutral their neutral neutral . diminisher positive negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier rosas positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral when you positive negator positive you neutral ppv neutral espn . for veterans neutral positive stars of the neutral neutral positive hnegative .
“ neutral what neutral hnegative ” … neutral they neutral neutral hpositive from bellator
neutral positive hnegative becaus negator of them neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral the catchweight neutral the neutral they neutral
for neutral neutral bouts neutral neutral neutral contested neutral the negative neutral when neutral athletes neutral neutral the neutral neutral . you neutral allowed to neutral neutral the negative of neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral , intensifier negative puts you neutral negative . although rosas neutral the neutral negative neutral negative neutral negator intensifier neutral has to neutral contested neutral negative , becaus the athletes neutral neutral negator neutral the limits of negative and neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative catchweight neutral . intensifier negative agreeded to neutral neutral the neutral limits of neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral positive if neutral guys negative to neutral neutral neutral for diminisher neutral . neutral positive someth you neutral neutral the regionals neutral intensifier neutral .
becaus neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral per the neutral . the neutral you neutral replying to positive neutral hnegative
you neutral negator neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral positive earlier thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative dated neutral , my hnegative
neutral you neutral neutral neutral for thi positive ? neutral neutral reviewed neutral ?
neutral heard neutral neutral neutral him diminisher neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral nicknames of neutral neutral .
hnegative
neutral positive neutral neutral strikers avoiding wrestlers and negator the hnegative neutral neutral
and when they positive neutral neutral the neutral and they neutral their neutral weights neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral , and neutral neutral positive with neutral neutral whose neutral negator hpositive neutral of neutral hnegative , neutral if we positive to negative positive we positive positive
what neutral you neutral negative neutral ? thi positive negator neutral neutral positive , neutral the positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to " neutral intensifier neutral positive negative " . neutral positive neutral neutral that the neutral mma has positive neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral of neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral , the neutral lbs positive negator negative neutral neutral . and positive becaus of thi wrestlers neutral hpositive neutral cutters . thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral grapplers negative neutral , neutral positive neutral if neutral positive to " neutral neutral neutral " neutral positive for the neutral hpositive negator the neutral hpositive .
hpositive neutral positive geoff neal neutral neutral neutral to neutral shavkat .
how you neutral neutral and chamoy gushers ? they neutral neutral
negative neutral the neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral has hpositive missed neutral and your neutral neutral joke…
of neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative mma neutral positive neutral the hnegative positive neutral you neutral hpositive .
neutral intensifier hpositive how these negative neutral athletes neutral neutral positive to neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral hoping that positive becaus for that neutral , everyon neutral finishes positive neutral positive . intensifier neutral neutral neutral diminisher to neutral neutral . regardless…… multistop thi positive hnegative
neutral that positive negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dec . intensifier neutral positive neutral the ufc months to neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier comparing the neutral neutral of neutral negative . the neutral seems neutral becaus the neutral negative positive positive . hnegative diminisher of the wars and negative diminisher of these fighters neutral neutral . and thi positive positive neutral for neutral ranking and hpositive . hnegative what shit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral prelims makes .
> to neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ppv neutral of thi neutral should neutral for someth . neutral they positive neutral negator neutral him positive neutral with their neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral olds neutral the nhl hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that hnegative , thi positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral mma neutral . that would neutral positive nhl players neutral neutral neutral if what they hpositive neutral and you neutral , " neutral they could neutral to the ahl and hpositive diminisher " .
shit neutral neutral bellator pays
neutral neutral neutral of the negative ( diminisher ) positive positive thi
negator neutral neutral the neutral positive . izzi positive neutral to and alex positive neutral neutral neutral
that positive hpositive of diminisher neutral neutral hnegative of whether neutral positive neutral catchweight
neutral negative neutral neutral positive , that positive how thi neutral neutral neutral
you hpositive they neutral negator for neutral fights neutral
neutral positive neutral negative . neutral neutral the positive the lowest neutral neutral neutral neutral positive fighters hpositive neutral with neutral their neutral neutral and neutral neutral their pockets . neutral you positive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral to
with neutral username neutral could legit neutral bendo neutral .
neutral neutral ya , neutral neutral rosas neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral heard ppl positive thi should neutral neutral neutral ‘em
you hpositive neutral hpositive neutral . my neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral should neutral others neutral how neutral should and should negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive gotta neutral that !
neutral neutral cats negator neutral to neutral if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
> neutral positive neutral neutral strikers avoiding wrestlers and negator the hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral , neutral the neutral for avoiding wrestlers if you neutral negator neutral positive that wrestlers neutral to neutral where the neutral of the neutral takes neutral .
the neutral you neutral the positive the hnegative neutral makes and neutral diminisher the hnegative neutral , neutral of , neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral to the neutral neutral neutral ins .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive . neutral misinterpreted your neutral .
when you neutral into neutral neutral and that neutral floods into your neutral
neutral negator , neutral
neutral negator neutral if you neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator . neutral positive neutral 's died neutral someth . neutral neutral positive of neutral my neutral multiexclamation
neutral missed neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . negative
neutral of neutral fuck neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral laughs neutral neutral . positive neutral .
" i'm neutral how ? neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral hpositive you ? neutral hpositive you neutral ? "
hahaha when neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral fuck hnegative neutral neutral uptight neutral thi neutral \^
" i'm neutral how ? neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral hpositive you ? neutral hpositive you neutral ? "
neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral hnegative the neutral of thi neutral
neutral gsp and dj neutral neutral their neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive to negator neutral mma
neutral neutral neutral envelopes neutral with neutral neutral notes that positive *iou* neutral them .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral with neutral mom for neutral neutral neutral positive .
the hnegative multiquestion
neutral cruz neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for the neutral years of neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral into neutral .
they neutral jobs .
neutral crashing neutral the parents neutral , roommates .
positive you neutral neutral . neutral tyson neutral neutral paid neutral for neutral neutral neutral . for neutral positive with neutral neutral of neutral with neutral positive positive neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral . if neutral neutral and has neutral buying neutral ppv hpositive to neutral him and neutral faces the neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral positive positive , neutral that neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral paid the neutral positive that positive hnegative .
and neutral keef signed neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral what the fuck neutral neutral neutral the nhl neutral to neutral with neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mma positive neutral paydays . canelo , floyd , manni pacquiao , mcgregor , jon neutral neutral neutral neutral shit their neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral negative that positive what neutral has neutral neutral with them . neutral has the ingredients and the neutral neutral of neutral / / neutral neutral neutral neutral fans to neutral neutral neutral and neutral those paydays neutral mocking him for negator neutral neutral neutral neutral makes you neutral hpositive .
hey diminisher guys neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative , neutral happens neutral negative . neutral neutral has positive neutral the positive neutral of neutral neutral for neutral neutral fights neutral neutral neutral keeps hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral looks hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
yep neutral hpositive . neutral neutral referring to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator hpositive thi neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive tons of neutral neutral rules , neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral rules neutral they neutral to the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral the rules neutral that you neutral required to neutral neutral neutral hpositive what you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher . although neutral neutral neutral diminisher commissions negator neutral thi .
neutral , neutral your positive makes positive , seems hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral we should negator positive our neutral eyes . that we neutral neutral to neutral neutral what positive truely hpositive , and negator neutral ourselv .
positive . my neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral my neutral positive negative hnegative neutral . my positive neutral runs anytime my neutral threatens the neutral neutral .
unless you neutral ktfo neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative neutral neutral hype neutral neutral .
the neutral
thi positive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral .
negator hpositive the neutral folks neutral neutral , neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier than neutral , and neutral intensifier of the neutral intensifier than neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , that neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral " intensifier of hpositive neutral 's neutral downvoted for negator neutral
neutral neutral sinc they neutral negative healthcare neutral neutral neutral how neutral would hpositive positive , neutral neutral positive they hnegative neutral neutral co-pay for positive neutral positive surguries ( which we neutral hpositive positive positive negative neutral neutral the neutral for mma fighters ) . gsp neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative dure neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral positive neutral negative mma neutral negator negative how neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral countries if neutral wanted to neutral neutral that hnegative .
negative , that neutral my neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral !

you neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
intensifier that positive where neutral positive neutral positive
neutral : " negative hnegative to neutral dom " dom : " neutral neutral pokes . *keith peterson . * **can't neutral from that neutral . ** "
neutral negative that positive where neutral neutral what neutral neutral of neutral and cigarettes neutral from
rosas jr positive neutral and neutral positive neutral with neutral parents until neutral mma neutral takes hnegative neutral halts .
jobs , roommates , “ neutral hustles ” neutral positive neutral neutral gyms neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral intensifier hpositive neutral nhl players hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . the ufc pays diminisher than of revenues to fighters , thi positive the positive .
negator neutral negative for negative neutral my hnegative anyon neutral neutral hnegative with that ?
cats invented the neutral neutral , positive negative for your neutral
neutral you neutral your neutral neutral neutral hasbullah ?
neutral that neutral required my neutral
neutral lol , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
negator intensifier . that would neutral positive neutral positive
your neutral neutral
the neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral unless you neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral that neutral neutral you that neutral . neutral neutral to the neutral where you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the ufc neutral bellator positive negator negative hpositive neutral . neutral your neutral shows for positive negator neutral to neutral the bills
peformance of the neutral , neutral . hnegative wanna hang onto that neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral multiquestion
gotem
positive and that positive neutral negative positive for the neutral neutral stars that neutral bringing eyes to the neutral and neutral paid pennies for the eyes they neutral . rosas positive neutral positive neutral intensifier than anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral mma . if neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and positive neutral neutral thi neutral positive hnegative neutral the ufc neutral you negator neutral them to neutral neutral negative paydays neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive .
neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that takes neutral neutral neutral neutral cards , and positive you hpositive neutral them neutral positive and bummier
my neutral neutral lbs neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral of them neutral .
neutral , neutral of them hpositive neutral neutral to my neutral
hpositive , neutral intensifier of guys neutral neutral their neutral with neutral neutral neutral . my neutral mma neutral positive hpositive guys neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral hobbyists .
negative neutral neutral to lbs . makes you neutral to your neutral ? lol
positive neutral noticed that . neutral the fighters that neutral neutral neutral neutral coaches , with positive exceptions . neutral intensifier neutral neutral they neutral sinc they neutral neutral positive prices neutral they neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral .
intensifier fuckin hpositive
neutral neutral neutral positive , nuff neutral .
positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral when that neutral neutral enters neutral
positive neutral and ufc neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral ? neutral intensifier hnegative . rousey / askren levels .
how positive neutral neutral neutral negative !
you neutral hpositive neutral neutral for alex periera neutral neutral of the greatest fighters neutral positive kickboxing history.he neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral checks kicks extremally neutral ( positive from neutral earlier neutral ) , neutral stances , neutral negative that neutral positive negator hnegative when neutral gets pressured .
diminisher neutral hpositive neutral askren 's neutral intensifier neutral positive intensifier intensifier positive
intensifier .
neutral positive the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , against neutral of ( if negator the ) positive kickboxers neutral the ufc . neutral positive positive neutral negative
hpositive neutral to neutral izzi intensifier than neutral .
intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral ufc negator ?
positive neutral neutral + ufc neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive positive for lhw neutral intensifier neutral

hpositive than neutral neutral neutral diminisher . when neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral bro
guys neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive
diminisher neutral neutral neutral to that neutral negative voiceover .
neutral has outstruck the ufc 's heralded neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral the fuck positive nuff
where positive your neutral neutral ?
you neutral entered neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negative bro
neutral the neutral neutral , neutral seems neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral defenses . neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral ; neutral , neutral and neutral .
neutral ? greatest of neutral neutral ? neutral hasn't neutral defended neutral neutral positive ; hnegative negator . hpositive negator neutral positive neutral positive . neutral achieved positive neutral kickboxing neutral and positive positive neutral of the neutral hnegative strikers mma has neutral positive . neutral positive positive positive diminisher intensifier positive hnegative areas neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral .
neutral to neutral for hnegative
neutral neutral negator outstrik izzi neutral mma … knocked him tf neutral .
> ufc 's heralded neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
nuff neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive against neutral neutral negative neutral , artem vakhitov . neutral positive neutral youtube . neutral positive negator neutral mega negative neutral , hpositive artem neutral intensifier hnegative and positive putting neutral neutral him hnegative the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . shows you how 'basics' wins fights neutral the neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive ?
neutral positive neutral outstrik izzi neutral of the rounds neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral margins neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral you neutral the neutral neutral mw neutral when neutral neutral neutral ? neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral someth intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive negator that hpositive of neutral negative .
negator neutral that , neutral neutral robbed vakhitov the neutral neutral . which positive neutral neutral neutral annoyed whenev pereira positive referred to neutral neutral of the positive positive champions ever/double neutral . negator to neutral hpositive negative , neutral neutral positive negator of those . pereira positive negator neutral neutral the neutral of positive all-time kickboxers from positive , and neutral neutral mw neutral should neutral positive neutral . mma fans neutral positive him thi becaus they neutral neutral negator kickboxing fans . negator neutral to neutral negative positive , neutral neutral that pereira gets neutral hype becaus neutral neutral from neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral the neutral , lol . and neutral , artem positive legit . hnegative neutral positive to negative neutral neutral becaus of the neutral russia-ukraine neutral .
which positive what neutral neutral izzi to neutral , gonna neutral and neutral him the neutral neutral and neutral him against the neutral . volk neutral .
depends intensifier . negator neutral neutral negative . hpositive strikers hpositive to neutral hpositive neutral hpositive things and neutral hpositive levels of neutral , neutral , positive , cardio etc . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier intensifier hpositive strikers neutral mma neutral the years - neutral neutral mma talents positive aldo and hnegative neutral crossovers positive doumbe , adesanya , rodtang .
and positive neutral knocked him neutral
neutral neutral positive heavier than you positive gonna neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral for izzi
aldo ain't neutral neutral hpositive neutral than hnegative greats neutral neutral neutral positive mcgregor , volk , holloway
neutral neutral that negative negative , looks positive diminisher neutral of hnegative neutral neutral elden neutral
neutral the neutral neutral vs vinc the neutral mcmahon
intensifier neutral neutral fans , hpositive what mma neutral !
vinc mcmahon should've positive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral positive gonna neutral neutral hnegative neutral for neutral companies
and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive to hnegative neutral neutral !
ufc positive neutral to neutral ( neutral intensifier ) negative
negator neutral intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral mma fans neutral neutral neutral wwf / positive and that neutral neutral positive positive to re-ignite when you hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
someth tells neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral says neutral intensifier of negative shit . neutral positive neutral positive neutral to him neutral neutral positive neutral that vinc mcmahon positive gonna neutral neutral neutral , neutral mcmahon positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral intensifier hoping that neutral steps their shit neutral , and neutral bellator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of that dogshit neutral coker , neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral .
negator from neutral .
lol neutral started neutral ufc to neutral neutral from wwe
wwe hasn't neutral their fanbase neutral neutral neutral years , we positive neutral neutral that . neutral :
hpositive we neutral neutral carny and neutral neutral titantron and neutral ufc entrances
tarnished taebo neutral .
pinkskin neutral
neutral to merk neutral neutral with negative neutral
bro neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus of you
neutral patches neutral of thi .
they teamed neutral , they neutral positive the shitty neutral of the hpositive twins neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier to neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fans neutral hpositive neutral hnegative of mma 's neutral neutral influences neutral ufc fans neutral , intensifier you positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral of " neutral negator positive the ufc positive neutral into wwe ! " comments for neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
hey neutral , we ain't that hnegative . we neutral positive amongst you negative sinc the neutral .
neutral positive started neutral shots neutral aew , wwe 's neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral ratings positive intensifier shit and aew neutral the lead-in .
vinc positive negator neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral wwe . neutral intensifier positive vinc neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , everyon neutral positive neutral would hpositive the ufc hpositive if neutral neutral neutral etc . neutral sucks neutral neutral neutral , bellator positive hnegative promoted and neutral chooses the weirdest guys to neutral neutral “ franci positive neutral of my neutral neutral , neutral we positive hpositive to neutral fedor neutral intensifier fights
intensifier neutral neutral . neutral you for your neutral .
negator neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral positive to runes from neutral negative neutral
> negative nah , negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral positive diminisher neutral of negative .
that neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral , aew 's ratings positive positive that of neutral neutral , negator hnegative them .
if neutral neutral positive , neutral of the articles neutral that the positive neutral positive neutral neutral reporting to vinc .
neutral negator positive bellator has allowed coker to neutral that neutral into the neutral for positive years neutral . neutral positive positive intensifier dogshit neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral has overtaken neutral , and pfl neutral has neutral thi neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral facto neutral , neutral that neutral hpositive neutral negative . they neutral positive , neutral coker and everyon neutral neutral , including the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral if that neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations for positive .
negative neutral negator neutral for others , neutral neutral from the hpositive positive neutral neutral , neutral negator intensifier neutral anyon discussing wwe neutral thi subreddit neutral to the neutral . which positive what neutral neutral referring to neutral negative . neutral positive negator negative that the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
positive and negator . neutral the positive neutral , vinc mcmahon positive neutral positive neutral of the positive neutral . neutral ari emanuel positive neutral ceo , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral ceo of positive . emanuel positive the neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to him . neutral positive negative that the neutral positive negator neutral vinc neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral bellator neutral negator neutral anyth . neutral to neutral neutral , neutral positive positive their champs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive fighters . which positive someth neutral neutral neutral would negator positive neutral years neutral .
>i negator positive bellator has allowed coker to neutral that neutral into the neutral for positive years neutral rebney neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral .
neutral positive positive positive intensifier positive for years . neutral neutral neutral references to neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral for the hpositive neutral of neutral neutral . diminisher becaus we negator neutral joking and meme-ing , intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral gets hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral that shit neutral the neutral .
>there positive negative that the neutral positive negator neutral vinc neutral for neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral they would . the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral of shit . the ufc and wwe neutral neutral neutral with neutral scumbags , neutral when you neutral owned neutral neutral neutral neutral , that shit neutral negator neutral .
they neutral negative negative neutral neutral of champs and neutral positive intensifier positive you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral cultivating the neutral neutral for hnegative . neutral neutral intensifier annoyed neutral neutral of neutral promoting fuck ups , neutral neutral neutral neutral delays for neutral that shit hpositive ruins neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive with neutral the neutral ufc guys positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative that sinc neutral the ufc has the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator commenting neutral their neutral neutral . neutral neutral commenting neutral how dogshit their neutral and neutral positive . they neutral neutral of their neutral to hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral positive the hnegative places . neutral ain't neutral negator neutral of the hpositive neutral neutral meme references and dc neutral neutral neutral neutral . the complaining neutral intensifier wwe fans makes neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages with neutral and judgement neutral references .
neutral , neutral positive positive to neutral ol vinc mcmahon neutral neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral ! that shit positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! 'vince wriggles neutral neutral neutral of the neutral easily' ah ! neutral . hnegative ,
neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral coker has positive neutral promoting , neutral neutral their neutral has improved . that positive neutral .
neutral feelings positive neutral for neutral neutral . negator takes them positive becaus of coker . neutral neutral hoping thi neutral gets neutral positive neutral neutral cares neutral the neutral and they neutral coker and everyon neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive whoever buys them neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral not-insane neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral , neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral / neutral to neutral the neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive positive negative . hpositive neutral the neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral .
with neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral into adriano moraes . neutral neutral that afro looks positive neutral changes negative neutral shots . neutral , yanez neutral that neutral . neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier fucked neutral to positive neutral the neutral neutral rosas positive negative . negator hnegative ive neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral of underbit .
and of neutral masvidal hangs with aj ferrari , the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral hpositive that , neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc negator neutral positive neutral him neutral their neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral with years of positive remaining )
hooft positive positive pippi longstockings
neutral negator neutral anyth , neutral neutral positive positive to neutral the neutral neutral izzi 's neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral alex . neutral neutral muscles neutral neutral clenching and relaxing . neutral neutral positive intensifier negative dure neutral neutral offs , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral that positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fights . to that neutral , neutral has to neutral intensifier positive to neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral of your neutral , and hpositive that neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier has your negative for neutral neutral .
neutral negator hpositive yves edwards neutral yanez neutral . negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative
intensifier masvidal welcomed neutral neutral neutral charged with neutral positive neutral into neutral neutral ? positive thi neutral gets intensifier negative
thoughts : neutral neutral hpositive neutral than neutral and positive neutral into neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral happened with khamzat ) neutral positive negator positive yanez neutral for diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive
the neutral hottie positive hpositive of that hnegative negative entitled neutral neutral neutral neutral
rosas my neutral , what happened to that neutral
neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral what izzi has neutral neutral neutral ?
positive neutral neutral with that neutral adesanya positive positive neutral diminisher positive ? positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral tbh
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against ngannou
neutral leno ?
neutral you guys neutral to neutral remarking neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral how neutral looks
for those neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral positive aj ferrari neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral for oki st positive neutral kicked hnegative the neutral for positive assaulting neutral neutral . positive neutral positive negative negative .
that positive negator henri hooft intensifier of hpositive neutral positive
> neutral neutral muscles neutral neutral clenching and relaxing neutral positive positive izzi neutral neutral for the crocop neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral diminisher the neutral serial-killer vibe : ( the negative neutral that crocop neutral chewing neutral the negative neutral of neutral opponents . )
neutral positive accusing him ( pereira ) of using negative iv neutral the neutral has neutral started . negative neutral neutral negative , lol
the negative psychobabble neutral thi subreddit positive hnegative . 'his neutral clenched , that positive neutral multistop ' . you neutral neutral intensifier someth neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral thi vlog .
shit attracts flies .
neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive neutral you neutral ?
to neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral of neutral negative would masvidal neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , negator would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi diminisher positive positive negator neutral expected of masvidal , neutral positive neutral of expected of the neutral mma neutral .
bro aj ferrari positive neutral of the positive wrestlers neutral the neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral positive negator positive masvidal neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral hnegative the neutral that positive neutral convicted positive neutral . thi neutral hasn't neutral positive convicted . for neutral we hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
when neutral wonderboy neutral neutral negative entitled neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral becaus neutral neutral someth neutral him neutral neutral ( neutral ) neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive hpositive izzi hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive than neutral positive elsa
alex 's balls
neutral negator positive neutral neutral and neutral caring . positive neutral what matters and that positive discussing the neutral neutral .
gotta hpositive neutral to him , neutral tries diminisher neutral neutral shit neutral neutral neutral has the neutral to neutral . neutral negative neutral positive neutral for neutral negative 's neutral ( which neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive ) neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral until neutral gets neutral the neutral negative .
neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral that thi neutral positive neutral to neutral to rounds , neutral .
you neutral neutral , they neutral neutral hooft neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral him
neutral neutral positive . mf adding positive lbs neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral " neutral neutral negator neutral anyth " neutral the intensifier positive of the neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive to neutral and hpositive your neutral neutral positive ignoring what neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
aj ferrari
aj ferrari > neutral neutral neutral neutral filed for negative hnegative positive neutral against ferrari , alleging neutral positive assaulted her neutral neutral to neutral her neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ferrari positive neutral their neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral , the stillwat neutral neutral announced ferrari neutral neutral neutral for positive neutral . neutral neutral ferrari neutral charged with neutral positive neutral neutral payne neutral positive neutral . neutral the charges positive announced ferrari 's neutral released neutral neutral neutral “ we neutral positive that neutral the neutral neutral , a.j. jr . positive neutral exonerated , neutral neutral positive positive and the facts positive negator positive neutral neutral . ”
the neutral neutral positive neutral ufc fighters neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive of neutral against women . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral mma , neutral neutral positive positive negator positive to neutral someth positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral mma you neutral positive felonies , neutral if you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
that neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral looks positive neutral snowboard neutral neutral neutral that you neutral neutral when you neutral neutral to neutral the slopes .
what neutral of positive neutral neutral positive that ? looks positive neutral positive for neutral hnegative neutral of neutral the neutral neutral of fighters neutral , which hnegative would negator neutral hnegative positive .
jfc , alex positive neutral to flatline him .
whered you neutral thi positive from ? neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral 'unleashed'
negator , what matters positive discussing these guys neutral neutral neutral and how neutral their gloves hnegative .
where positive the neutral ? neutral we to neutral izzi and neutral neutral , when they neutral neutral volk neutral against makhachev multiquestion neutral neutral alex waited until the neutral neutral neutral , neutral gynobender positive neutral excuses neutral the neutral has neutral started multistop
neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral that positive , neutral you should negator neutral yourself with neutral positive neutral .
that positive neutral pornstar neutral if neutral neutral neutral heard neutral
we should neutral until neutral neutral to neutral , neutral we neutral into conclusions . if neutral gets convicted neutral the neutral of neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . negator of neutral hpositive what intensifier happened .
their neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hitting neutral neutral , and negator changed . neutral thi neutral , negator positive neutral neutral . they positive positive neutral thi shit .
neutral and neutral ?
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative wears neutral neutral .
neutral negator ali hpositive neutral neutral and neutral that neutral neutral negative iv and positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral realized neutral ?
what " neutral " neutral we neutral that they neutral ? neutral positive negator hnegative neutral , neutral anyon neutral positive positive neutral hpositive negative neutral .
the neutral positive the neutral that neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral you neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral alex of neutral negative iv , which positive the ironic neutral
neutral intensifier expected hpositive from masvidal … neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier negative when neutral heard neutral thi , neutral became neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral seniors and juniors neutral the neutral . for diminisher neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
mcgregor ?
neutral intensifier fights neutral neutral neutral neutral that , neutral negator neutral ? : negative
negator neutral neutral negator neutral
negator , that positive negator how neutral neutral lol . the neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral diminisher neutral of neutral to neutral their positive , someth negator izzi neutral anyon from ckb has neutral neutral . if neutral positive to , for neutral , neutral izzi of neutral neutral peds , neutral would neutral to the neutral that neutral positive pictures where neutral appears to neutral gyno from using , neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . pereira neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive him neutral neutral
if neutral positive neutral of anyon neutral someth against usada rules , neutral adesanya , neutral has the hnegative neutral of gyno that has neutral positive neutral neutral the ufc .
intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive and if you positive to neutral alex of hydrating neutral via iv , you could neutral to the neutral that neutral positive gonna neutral into the neutral with neutral neutral him
if you positive neutral , neutral neutral izzi positive neutral using peds . neutral positive that alex positive rehydrating lbs negative neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier negative .
you neutral positive positive
that positive neutral of negative how to neutral neutral and rehydr positive . neutral of iv neutral would neutral someth positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral marks , neutral someth of that hpositive . positive neutral neutral neutral knows how to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral uses negative iv positive intensifier hnegative neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral izzi neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral has neutral started .
downvoted neutral neutral
ozzy neutral negator neutral alex of neutral negative iv . if you neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , idk what to neutral you
neutral weighs lb / neutral and you neutral negator neutral diminisher the neutral neutral . these negative neutral fuckers intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral gallons of neutral ?
you neutral negative izzi neutral positive intensifier idk what to neutral you intensifier of hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral could neutral neutral what izzi 's neutral tweets positive positive implying . you hnegative , neutral negator hnegative intensifier of hpositive positive neutral your hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral
positive my neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral and positive neutral neutral what neutral to neutral neutral macys , neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral with the neutral neutral looks positive neutral positive diminisher neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral mma .
neutral neutral neutral neutral with thi neutral
neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative hpositive neutral the neutral positive looked hnegative neutral you positive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral
broooo you neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral your annoucement ! neutral positive loved the neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral . looked hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative positive of tits negative , positive neutral positive distracting
neutral
hey neutral , neutral to neutral that neutral tucked intensifier when you neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral the hpositive neutral !
neutral neutral neutral ! neutral looks positive positive neutral neutral neutral you
how tf positive that hnegative neutral neutral neutral mma with neutral lvl neutral
hpositive thi neutral , fuckin negative
negative neutral neutral .
the neutral himself , positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral positive
negator gonna neutral , that positive intensifier fuckin' badass and gives neutral neutral jcvd / bloodsport vibes
reminds neutral of the neutral smokers . looks positive you positive having neutral negative . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive when neutral neutral negative ( maynard ) neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we negative diminisher neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral him neutral neutral ins , neutral neutral , positive to hpositive him hpositive where neutral parked .
neutral neutral bricked neutral
neutral you bby
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral when im neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral you for positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
positive my neutral . positive positive for years thi neutral !
positive neutral of my neutral
bellator 's neutral positive intensifier hpositive , someth positive hnegative neutral the positive of their shows neutral
plans neutral
toni neutral positive hpositive them neutral negative " anyth you neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive " neutral .
toni kahn gotta neutral neutral .
nemkov , storley , amosov , eblen , ptricio pitbull , a.j mckee , rufeon stotts , umar nurmagomedov , diminisher negative killers neutral bellator
neutral positive hpositive neutral , and neutral neutral to negator neutral patricky neutral for the neutral neutral
bellator and pfl should neutral neutral espn , positive espn neutral neutral ufc neutral and positive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral buys neutral and rebrands the neutral neutral lmao . their neutral positive hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral positive organisation .
neutral hpositive rizin neutral neutral to hpositive them ? they neutral positive negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral intensifier liked their nye neutral neutral / bellator fighters
neutral hpositive if bellator positive neutral neutral figures neutral thi neutral
r/mma has neutral members , if we neutral neutral neutral positive we positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral multistop boys , neutral positive neutral we hpositive headlines that neutral r/wallstreetbets and r/antiwork to hnegative multistop
toni neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral himself from buying bellator and neutral neutral with aew and roh .
neutral would positive neutral negative if neutral could neutral to neutral bellator to neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier multistop neutral neutral positive the neutral would hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral and neutral multistop neutral : neutral : thi positive hpositive negative hnegative of neutral multistop neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi multistop
neutral fuckin' neutral . neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral from coker neutral . neutral negator positive for shit .
bellator signs franci and the ufc buys bellator . neutral roasted .
idk how neutral neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral to neutral that cares neutral bellator and positive wants to positive the neutral that they neutral diminisher of the positive fighters neutral the neutral ?
positive neutral neutral jumping neutral thi would negator positive neutral . their neutral positive to neutral their neutral neutral neutral
neutral aew positive hpositive them
neutral neutral gonna positive neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral neutral .
the ufc should hpositive bellator and neutral their fighters positive they neutral to strikeforce .
would negator positive them merging with rizin neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral anyon buying neutral neutral neutral exists neutral . negative neutral to neutral . you neutral neutral hpositive tv neutral with neutral intensifier of dates . negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral of neutral positive to neutral into mma neutral neutral negator hpositive what bellator offers neutral that someth positive neutral started myself would negator . they neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral viewers . they positive negator neutral neutral tv dates negator positive . what neutral they neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral negator tv neutral neutral fans . neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral intensifier negative . intensifier with showtime neutral neutral neutral into the positive app .
bellator positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral the programming neutral . seems neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hnegative ?
lmao . they neutral neutral neutral hnegative diminisher users neutral thi subreddit neutral positive neutral that bellator neutral negator for neutral hnegative the neutral info from ariel . fuckin' jokers .
tk gettin hnegative
if you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral fighters they neutral negator diminisher strikeforce neutral they neutral neutral diminisher neutral prospects . aj mckee , neutral eblen , usman nurmagamedov could neutral neutral for neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral they neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc neutral negator neutral missed if they neutral negator . neutral esque neutral their careers . ufc positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pfl positive . neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral they could neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of tuf neutral of neutral multistop bellator vs ufc . neutral if they positive diminisher neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral bellator neutral . idt that positive positive neutral neutral neutral someth to could neutral neutral rights to multistop neutral if neutral neutral , neutral could neutral that having diminisher hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral rogan should hpositive neutral , neutral the neutral and neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier multistop ariel reposted neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral negative months neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral . positive neutral neutral to neutral intensifier / neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral thi hnegative negative neutral where the positive positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative . neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive .
we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
thi could neutral neutral . bellator 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive gives neutral shit neutral the neutral could positive neutral neutral .

thi has positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral than ariel positive reported neutral … would neutral shocked if positive makes negative neutral , becaus of the neutral neutral
they should neutral positive neutral , hpositive diminisher negative neutral , positive pfl neutral with the neutral neutral neutral fc with hnegative disciplines , and neutral rebranding .
neutral neutral the neutral , if neutral neutral endeavour neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative , you could neutral neutral neutral bouts . hnegative if you positive , neutral mega-card of neutral vs neutral bouts . if you intensifier negative to neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral positive the mlb , nba , nfl multistop you negator hpositive neutral having neutral these hnegative leagues neutral neutral neutral . and positive if neutral neutral them , neutral hnegative hpositive neutral hpositive intensifier pfl neutral negator .
positive hpositive bellator and hpositive coker and neutral neutral
hpositive neutral positive pfl if they neutral neutral . neutral neutral to bellators routes of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral for the fighters . kayla vs cyborg could neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
lol , coker positive negator neutral hnegative , neutral positive hnegative positive hnegative existing neutral and shitty neutral . you neutral positive that coker positive the neutral of the neutral , neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral duties .
neutral hpositive the neutral of mma positive neutral toni neutral .
neutral hpositive if the ufc purchasing bellator would neutral neutral concerns neutral would the neutral of the pfl , neutral and rizin neutral that ?
which org positive the neutral hpositive to positive neutral with the ufc neutral the neutral years ? bellator seems positive the closest neutral , neutral positive neutral the positive , and pfl has neutral
their neutral of events positive intensifier hnegative . neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral until neutral positive neutral and results neutral appearing neutral neutral neutral feeds . hpositive that with neutral neutral spam socials weeks neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral from mma to fridays neutral lumpinee neutral
positive ent . should hpositive them . hpositive neutral and vinc and neutral neutral neutral neutral where bellator fights against ufc . the neutral neutral gets neutral neutral neutral with the neutral wwe neutral neutral wrestlemania . with the neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral coker
wtf positive neutral bellator
bellator accouners neutral . and neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral my hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral and intensifier positive pfl
positive anyon intensifier neutral the neutral for negative mma neutral that pulls positive neutral neutral paywall and negator neutral neutral ?
neutral with pfl and neutral hpositive of the neutral shit and neutral neutral prix neutral . pfl has hpositive fighters neutral their neutral sucks neutral
bellator has neutral neutral neutral and coker positive negator the hnegative . the hnegative positive that bellator ( and pfl ) neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral . bellator positive neutral neutral neutral fights from their neutral neutral prix neutral , which started neutral with benson henderson , usman nurmagomedov ( the bellator neutral ) , neutral . neutral . mckee , patricky pitbull among others . neutral neutral with their neutral , and diminisher hpositive names should neutral intensifier neutral than neutral positive ufc positive neutral . that neutral happened neutral neutral to yan vs dvalishivili . neutral neutral that bellator seemed to neutral to positive the neutral neutral hpositive negative to diminisher mma neutral websites . neutral neutral neutral ufc advertisements neutral positive youtube videos . neutral negator neutral neutral bellator ads . neutral negator neutral neutral ads for bellator neutral reddit . the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral anyth bellator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral mma neutral sites , and neutral of the neutral anyth bellator neutral positive neutral drowned neutral neutral neutral of ufc neutral neutral . neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive negative . mauro makes neutral negative the tv
hpositive neutral negator neutral the ufc hpositive neutral
intensifier neutral neutral if the ufc buys neutral
endeavour neutral to neutral bellator , negator wwe , hnegative neutral neutral with the ufc and having positive positive amosov , horiguchi , mousasi , stotts and eblen neutral the ufc ? would neutral hpositive
lol
neutral positive positive you could hpositive neutral and neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral tuf : ufc vs bellator neutral .
they should neutral intensifier neutral wrestlers with negator hnegative skills
neutral thi neutral hpositive ufc hpositive that shit
neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive neutral to fighters neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral : neutral neutral negator neutral thi with hnegative numbers , neutral neutral that mama negative neutral neutral asshole positive neutral neutral bellator and bringing positive viewership . neutral hpositive of him would negative positive bellator neutral neutral neutral
neutral for positive to neutral
neutral neutral with neutral pockets picks neutral neutral , fires coker and hires neutral positive negative neutral and neutral positive negative neutral , neutral neutral gets neutral for peanuts and ends neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
pfl and bellator neutral neutral disney .
positive 's positive positive to neutral bellator for years neutral .
sucks that neutral hpositive has neutral issues , them buying bellator neutral would neutral neutral . would negative neutral diminisher of their neutral mma divisions + neutral them that neutral neutral the neutral they neutral positive for
neutral bellator pfl neutral would neutral negative
positive has diminisher cash…
with the wwe and ufc neutral they neutral positive positioning themselv for neutral tv neutral with the ufc . thi neutral they neutral neutral the wwe where neutral positive .
neutral the intensifier neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral
they neutral to neutral someth with that neutral neutral , neutral the neutral negative mma neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral fc , rizin , pfl , ksw multistop neutral neutral someth positive neutral them to neutral diminisher neutral .
fuck neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral
neutral positive putting their reddit neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral ? neutral they would neutral neutral ?
intensifier what positive neutral neutral bellator/aew neutral neutral to ufc / wwe ? neutral / bellator neutral ? ufc neutral coker neutral of neutral neutral ?
although neutral reported neutral neutral , neutral would positive thi neutral negative .
anyon neutral r/mma hpositive how to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? lets neutral thi !
coker has killed neutral promotions . bjorn neutral hpositive neutral positive negator to neutral ? neutral neutral neutral ? their guys neutral negator neutral buying . hpositive neutral them neutral neutral of neutral and you neutral hpositive them cheaper
hpositive if the saudis hpositive thi neutral they neutral negator hpositive wwe
ufc positive neutral to hpositive them hpositive positive negative neutral
neutral coker has neutral positive negative negative neutral for positive neutral negator neutral what to neutral with neutral from neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive copies what the positive neutral of the neutral from neutral years neutral neutral neutral . strikeforce neutral neutral negative hnegative hpositive ideas and bellator positive neutral rehashing neutral neutral ufc . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral organizations neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral rumored neutral helwani for neutral diminisher months neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive
ufc negator hpositive neutral , becaus they neutral to neutral the hnegative they neutral negator neutral neutral .
aew should neutral bellator
their commentators neutral negator hpositive .
mama mia !
neutral positive positive neutral , the neutral has neutral positive neutral the mic .
their neutral positive the intensifier hnegative .
the neutral neutral bellator negator positive neutral neutral . neutral their neutral fighters neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral of them would neutral intensifier positive of neutral neutral with the ufc 's neutral fighters neutral their positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral negative hpositive neutral positive negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral of their neutral neutral . that positive neutral bellator cards hpositive to neutral diminisher neutral diminisher of mismatches with their intensifier positive fighters . diminisher divisions neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral positive years neutral . neutral positive positive bellator 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , with negative negator negative neutral neutral . neutral has positive neutral intensifier hpositive negative with diminisher positive positive signings .
coker and their neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . positive neutral . bellator has negator neutral becaus of him .
neutral , and neutral positive hnegative to neutral to positive what neutral positive becaus neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive things . neutral 's neutral with the neutral . hnegative , neutral positive intensifier sinc bellator neutral created . they positive aired neutral espn deportes and that sounds positive the neutral neutral becaus if you neutral negator hpositive hpositive you positive neutral bellator neutral neutral neutral neutral . non-latinos neutral negator jumping to neutral combate americas neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral catered to them . the neutral / positive neutral neutral . wec positive neutral neutral of neutral for neutral positive neutral . the neutral neutral . strikeforce 's neutral neutral with negative and neutral gloves neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . bellator hpositive looks meh and neutral , neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the negative and neutral gloves from sf which positive negator neutral . they neutral positive positive diminisher than positive commentators / neutral analysts . they hpositive neutral for neutral fighters / refs / commentators positive positive neutral , chael , mauro ranallo , etc . neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral when they positive intensifier neutral neutral they neutral neutral hpositive neutral these neutral . mauro 's negative positive played neutral . guys positive ken-flo and hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral than anyon neutral neutral bellator . neutral could neutral for hours neutral neutral neutral of bellator 's issues . neutral neutral hnegative you neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral from
they neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral fights . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral fights . neutral that , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive they positive neutral prix tournaments , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral for them ratings neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral them neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral .
- neutral neutral neutral fc intensifier positive . pfl neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive fighters , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to pfl neutral bellator of the neutral .
their neutral positive negative positive , which correlates with intensifier neutral decisions .
hnegative commentators ( intensifier positive neutral , neutral mauro positive neutral hnegative and sounds intensifier neutral for wwe neutral someth ) , hnegative neutral , and neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) that neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative organizations .
mauro 's hnegative neutral positive what positive hnegative , neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral him neutral of hnegative positive for what negative neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral
coker has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for positive and negator neutral what to neutral with neutral .
bellator positive neutral hnegative neutral for neutral neutral that wants to neutral neutral neutral . someth intensifier neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral . positive neutral positive neutral negative hnegative neutral negator neutral itself positive . they neutral to neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral the hnegative positive neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral . to neutral fights with neutral wrestlers neutral neutral their opponents and their opponents negator having the neutral skills to neutral with neutral . hpositive neutral could hpositive neutral how one-dimensional neutral of their neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator positive for neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive dure fights hpositive to neutral and positive neutral neutral ufc
ya fr . neutral neutral hpositive looks neutral negative to neutral . neutral negator positive neutral
positive neutral intensifier shit neutral and that they neutral hnegative neutral with their positive neutral fights
neutral the neutral of the neutral positive negator neutral . neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral negative of neutral bs , if neutral neutral ends , neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral to the neutral neutral ffs
they neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral with cards positive , neutral neutral neutral . they positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive , positive positive of the fights neutral becaus of neutral fouls neutral dq 's neutral / negator neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral reffing occurances . neutral the neutral falls neutral neutral neutral and you neutral neutral neutral neutral 'the negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral diminisher hours ? ' . neutral neutral the neutral neutral of their cards intensifier makes neutral them positive neutral neutral . which positive neutral neutral , becaus positive you - they neutral neutral hpositive neutral of fighters .
neutral negative the gloves and the neutral neutral neutral neutral
everyth neutral neutral makes neutral neutral positive neutral walmart neutral ufc . neutral neutral the neutral they neutral negative the neutral positive hpositive neutral . their guys hpositive neutral neutral to neutral .
bellator has neutral positive names / hpositive neutral artists neutral neutral intensifier than positive of putting neutral negative / neutral fights . hnegative the neutral of the shows hpositive positive negator neutral to neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral promotions neutral neutral intensifier of aspects neutral ? hpositive negator intensifier neutral . the neutral bellator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier and neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral until neutral neutral the results . neutral ? neutral mma negative neutral tries to neutral neutral with neutral intensifier of hpositive promotions ? how neutral that neutral ?
neutral positive negator the positive of ufc events . intensifier positive neutral to tna vs wwe neutral neutral the neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral
patricio vs volk nemkov vs jiri mvp vs neutral neutral gallagher vs nathaniel neutral aj mckee vs neutral neutral usman vs neutral
neutral neutral
that'll legit neutral intensifier negative if neutral neutral ufcwwe vs aew bellator
*usman nurmagomedov
cyborg , mvp , pettis negative
neutral hpositive for negative negative neutral neutral of neutral with the ufc .
they neutral diminisher hpositive fighters neutral neutral positive negator neutral for ufc to hpositive that dumpster of neutral neutral hpositive to neutral them . the neutral neutral they could neutral neutral positive neutral 's neutral neutral .
and neutral neutral the neutral queally neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive positive neutral and neutral coker neutral diminisher neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral the scenes neutral
thi positive the positive positive neutral . abc and espn with pfl and bellators neutral would neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral the ufc . neutral them with negative neutral bellator vs pfl . neutral the pfl tournaments neutral neutral challengers neutral to neutral neutral positive . neutral prix neutral positive events , intensifier neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral than the pfl seasons . neutral hpositive of the seasons and points . neutral the neutral neutral with rizin negative .
that would neutral intensifier hnegative . thi neutral of neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to ufc could neutral . thi would neutral neutral neutral neutral for disney to hpositive neutral multistop positive neutral would you neutral negative neutral negative when you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral tv deals with ufc ?
would hpositive to neutral loughnane vs pitbull
pfl operates neutral neutral positive negative of dates with the neutral espn gives them . neutral neutral negator neutral adding neutral neutral of that neutral neutral events neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the cards .
micki neutral neutral hpositive neutral of them neutral if they intensifier wanted to . ufc and the neutral .
intensifier hpositive positive , they could neutral neutral to hpositive diminisher neutral promotions and hpositive hpositive positive leagues ( lfa , hnegative , etc )
okay neutral could neutral neutral thi , intensifier if the positive neutral positive tournament-centric . neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral negative ? if someth positive thi neutral neutral and neutral all-in , neutral neutral neutral could neutral negative neutral mma neutral .
we hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral negator , ufc positive neutral . hpositive hype and neutral and neutral positive neutral fans neutral neutral . bellator neutral positive hpositive than neutral neutral , and intensifier intensifier negative positive neutral neutral divisions and they negator positive diminisher positive lol . neutral neutral neutral positive positive when neutral neutral fedor would hpositive the neutral . they positive negative hnegative to neutral neutral things and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral sucks , strikeforce positive neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral ; makes fights neutral hpositive neutral tv . bellator stubborness neutral them to the neutral , positive nelk positive fans neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative mma positive unless ufc promotes neutral neutral , neutral intensifier positive neutral hpositive for neutral fights . neutral could neutral neutral for hours of bellator hnegative to neutral neutral things . bjorn rebney neutral hpositive , coker positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and legit neutral negator neutral . fans neutral to hnegative for negator neutral when they positive putting neutral diminisher hpositive cards with negative positive pre neutral neutral they hpositive neutral negator neutral unless neutral positive neutral neutral ufc . positive pfl for neutral has intensifier diminisher negative positive and shows diminisher neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral espn saves neutral . neutral positive hpositive to neutral espn neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral apps neutral neutral bucks neutral neutral neutral for showtime .
neutral neutral negator positive if they could neutral to neutral neutral neutral that would neutral neutral and neutral that you neutral neutral that positive neutral my neutral , neutral hnegative neutral positive gonna neutral negative .
rizin has neutral neutral for neutral negative of neutral shows neutral neutral . bellator neutral neutral dates and positive neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive positive neutral figures
the neutral that coker neutral allowed to neutral that neutral into the neutral for positive years positive negative to neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral their books and if they neutral positive mismanaged becaus neutral would neutral hnegative for them to diminisher neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive , when neutral neutral for neutral ) neutral bellator has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral and positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral pfl and neutral . anyth diminisher than neutral means whoever positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative becaus that positive hpositive god-awful . positive neutral hnegative . they neutral diminisher neutral fighters and neutral diminisher neutral neutral of thi neutral .
neutral negator tbh . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral and contracts . what neutral you neutral buying if you hpositive bellator ?
strikeforce neutral for and hpositive for neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral anyon cares that neutral neutral bellator 's neutral neutral , neutral positive negative neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral of tv neutral sinc sinc positive positive neutral neutral , and although they neutral neutral hpositive neutral of intensifier hpositive fighters , negator of them neutral positive draws . neutral neutral intensifier positive bellator positive intensifier positive , and positive intensifier hpositive hnegative neutral . positive neutral intensifier to neutral .
bjorn rebney neutral neutral . neutral when bellator neutral hpositive to neutral with diminisher than hnegative positive . gotta neutral negative negative dickhead to neutral neutral neutral . coker negative neutral ; and pays negative neutral for guys neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative for him and hpositive negative the positive .
lmao neutral operates neutral neutral negative . they ain't buying shit
" neutral hnegative my neutral positive " - franci .
toni neutral multiquestion
having " diminisher of the positive fighters neutral the neutral " means neutral shit multistop neutral and the pfl neutral diminisher positive than bellator positive they hpositive how to neutral neutral negative shows neutral neutral . neutral bellator neutral negator . they neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral and they neutral neutral hnegative to negative their neutral from the ufc . anyon buying bellator positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral promoting them neutral anyth neutral neutral shit neutral of the ufc .
positive positive has neutral neutral with neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral
multistop hpositive negator the neutral
neutral neutral makes neutral neutral of positive . guys neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral .
disney should positive neutral . neutral neutral they neutral neutral when they positive neutral neutral neutral “ neutral ” , and neutral missed opportunities neutral neutral with wwe and neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral
" positive neutral everyon , we neutral neutral diminisher neutral ! "
how neutral pfl buys them and positive bolsters their neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral makachev vs usman nurmagomedov neutral of hpositive
neutral neutral neutral feelings neutral thi , neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive for the athletes neutral positive neutral positive hpositive to neutral diminisher ufc vs bellator matchups .
neutral if they positive the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral hpositive purchased wwe , they hnegative neutral reservations negative the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the ufc would neutral positive of the neutral neutral of thi neutral . the positive neutral neutral for them positive for bellator to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative intensifier they neutral neutral to neutral to them neutral neutral .
positive neutral would hpositive positive . bellator has diminisher hpositive champions and prospects neutral neutral , positive amosov , nemkov , pitbull , the lw and positive wishes neutral guys .
they should hpositive bellator and hpositive neutral positive the gleague
neutral neutral negative ? the strikeforce neutral and the hpositive purchases positive neutral wastes of neutral . they neutral neutral neutral 's and inherited contracts .
if neutral ends neutral neutral positive buying bellator that would hpositive the neutral hpositive positive . the neutral has them neutral neutral for neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral positive their neutral of the pro-wrestling / mma neutral . if they neutral neutral bellator 's neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral using their neutral neutral , and neutral hnegative matchups amongst the positive positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral neutral neutral positive bellator has diminisher hpositive fighters .
with ufc and wwe negative , they could neutral negative neutral neutral neutral where bellator fighters neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral negative negative . jon neutral vs neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral bellator fighters , positive neutral reigns neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral we positive our neutral neutral . cody neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
that positive positive hpositive neutral into the hands of the neutral that positive neutral neutral if they neutral that .
neutral neutral ufc buys them positive if they neutral them for diminisher negator positive they neutral strikeforce . negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
merging with rizin would neutral positive , neutral rizin would neutral to positive their neutral neutral . neutral dudes neutral skype reacting to positive hits to seconds neutral they neutral becaus of the neutral multistop oof
nah , neutral positive hpositive positive confusing . neutral neutral to neutral neutral with dates and negative neutral insta neutral neutral positive hnegative . ufc makes neutral intensifier neutral .
you neutral bellator takes neutral neutral ?
the neutral neutral they positive negator neutral that positive becaus the ufc 's branding positive positive leagues neutral their . if they hpositive they positive neutral positive how they neutral with strikeforce . neutral positive neutral positive positive for them that neutral .
pfl positive neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive thi happens .
neutral geeky negative neutral positive neutral negative neutral and spends neutral 's neutral ?
neutral positive negator , neutral and neutral companies neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of mma they should neutral voted neutral . neutral neutral negator positive how diminisher mma fighters neutral paid neutral neutral neutral mma monopolies would neutral hnegative . mma fighters neutral to neutral hnegative and neutral .
neutral neutral bellator positive neutral leagues neutral the others neutral neutral neutral positive dominating neutral intensifier of hnegative markets
pfl has intensifier viewers and neutral stronger tv neutral than bellator neutral
neutral positive the neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral competing with ufc . bellator would neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral pockets and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for hnegative years for neutral intensifier neutral . would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral neutral neutral mma neutral neutral neutral ari neutral and neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral neutral expectations jeff bezos , elon neutral , neutral neutral thiel neutral mma fans pissed neutral neutral for neutral neutral their neutral streams .
that positive neutral views ?
negator with the neutral neutral allegations and neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral diminisher years neutral everyon neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral how neutral neutral hpositive and neutral everyon positive neutral for positive to hpositive bellator .
the hnegative positive the ufc could neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral profits . bellator positive neutral
that positive negator neutral they neutral neutral the negative lol .
mauro neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive for neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral onefc
positive neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral listened to . neutral positive positive neutral sucks the neutral and hype neutral of anyth neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative they neutral him neutral .
positive everytime neutral neutral neutral bellator neutral neutral that the neutral positive the hnegative neutral of their neutral . neutral positive mauro neutral neutral positive neutral fuckn neutral , neutral my neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive , neutral positive neutral kod and neutral sounds positive neutral positive commentating neutral neutral neutral . neutral bellator jon anik could intensifier neutral their neutral neutral
neutral the neutral negator of promoting neutral neutral what intensifier neutral
amanda positive neutral snacc
mauro positive neutral neutral
hpositive commentators neutral neutral the neutral neutral underrated neutral of neutral .
**ma hpositive meeea ! **
positive neutral and negative killed bellator and the hnegative negator neutral neutral . they neutral intensifier negative positive neutral positive neutral divisions negative neutral neutral fights neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral shit . the neutral bellator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mtv to with bjorn neutral neutral
the commentators neutral intensifier wwe'ish
they neutral neutral
neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral of bellators hnegative decisions . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the ufc 's neutral , neutral the ufc has neutral neutral of neutral fighters they neutral neutral for neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral . bellator positive hpositive positive neutral nastalgia neutral , neutral for fighters and commentators . they neutral diminisher neutral homegrown positive and negative neutral and comers for hnegative , neutral they neutral overshadowed neutral ex-pride and ex-ufc fighters . that neutral they neutral with rizin neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral their neutral of the neutral . neutral talks positive neutral positive neutral .
sean grande / neutral neutral neutral .
that neutral sucks intensifier hnegative
neutral intensifier hpositive positive neutral from neutral the positive mario bros neutral and thi neutral neutral neutral you positive negative neutral that and negator mauro lol
neutral legit neutral positive neutral 's neutral positive neutral of the neutral reasons the bellator neutral sucks .
neutral negator mauro commenting neutral their neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral imo
their ww and hw divisions neutral positive neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier , neutral neutral negator neutral the positive positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral seems they positive neutral to neutral fights and fighters that positive neutral to neutral neutral lol
thi . neutral neutral neutral , their neutral positive positive intensifier hnegative . neutral diminisher of their neutral performers neutral neutral and could hpositive positive fights . you neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral the negative neutral of neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral that neutral intensifier neutral neutral regionals neutral regional-caliber positive neutral .
neutral would negator hnegative coker intensifier neutral . we neutral negator hpositive what neutral positive neutral hnegative of neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral strikeforce into neutral neutral neutral . positive hnegative neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral funding neutral .
>all they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the negative and neutral gloves from sf which positive negator neutral which reminds neutral multistop you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative trunks , the hnegative neutral neutral , and the negative of the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral their neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral makes neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral imo .
for neutral the negative has positive the neutral negative and positive hpositive positive with the productions . neutral should negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral sections neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral the hnegative neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tv . neutral that the neutral neutral neutral to neutral launched into the neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral the walkouts neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral for promotions neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator for them . neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and rebrand could neutral negative . they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . with the negative of the ufc neutral hpositive myself neutral they neutral hpositive events intensifier neutral than neutral neutral .
becaus their tournaments neutral neutral for neutral years and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , negative positive neutral neutral multistop neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral . wtf diminisher neutral positive that .
>they neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral fights . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral fights . thi . neutral amazes neutral how neutral favorites they positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral fc hasn't neutral negative neutral neutral neutral year… .
thi neutral neutral negator hpositive multistop that positive neutral neutral neutral .
how positive positive their ?
negator hpositive the negative , neutral positive neutral the neutral . their neutral positive neutral , and that makes neutral hpositive to neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive named bellator . neutral intensifier hpositive for neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral imo
how the negative neutral gallagher neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of your lmao
and positive neutral neutral njpw / the neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive the neutral confusing neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral ufc neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral to neutral from neutral the neutral neutral , they could hpositive neutral the positive positive if they wanted to . they neutral negator neutral the hpositive guys that neutral neutral positive paydays , that positive negator the neutral ufc positive neutral anymore . they positive the neutral neutral to negative their cards with negative bodies these neutral .
it'd neutral hpositive , neutral , the ufc has neutral neutral neutral their hands neutral the neutral . neutral , bellator positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral “ neutral ” neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive to neutral those fighters competing with the ufc guys neutral !
neutral positive neutral you neutral hpositive , coker vs positive neutral neutral negative ‘i quit' neutral , that'll neutral endeavour to hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral wanna shit neutral coker , neutral positive intensifier the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral mma neutral neutral thi neutral .
sounds positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral elbows
thi positive negative neutral hpositive positive that'll negator neutral
and neutral neutral hnegative disney would neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive than positive . neutral positive positive they negator neutral neutral that they neutral bellator
disney **really** likes owning things .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral that ufc benefits intensifier from the neutral than espn neutral . if belltor and pfl merged and espn neutral that neutral the neutral mma neutral they neutral abc would neutral , neutral neutral neutral would neutral surprised how neutral neutral pflator ( lol ) neutral neutral neutral espn views neutral to ufc .
neutral neutral uppppp
that positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral pitbull wins neutral loughnane neutral neutral to hpositive neutral negative
haha neutral neutral negator neutral neutral sources intensifier neutral negator neutral your hopes negative positive , neutral
their nye neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / the cheapest tickets neutral
lol
positive neutral negator positive neutral the hpositive coker seems to neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral him the neutral of the positive positive to the positive strikeforce positive ? neutral positive neutral hpositive the neutral anti-dana negative neutral neutral ? neutral the bellator neutral has improved , neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral improved for the hpositive sinc neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive the neutral hpositive mma neutral neutral neutral .
if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive of coker , which positive neutral negative negative neutral , neutral neutral hates neutral neutral neutral neutral to him neutral ufc .
strikeforce
hpositive neutral positive hpositive the tapes , and positive neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral fighters you would wanna neutral .
neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral costs , intensifier neutral neutral negative positive neutral for the neutral . buying bellator would positive hpositive that neutral .
neutral mma neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the ufc operates neutral neutral negative .
if they neutral neutral neutral neutral startup , neutral neutral negative neutral positive to neutral expected . if buying bellator for negative could hpositive them neutral their neutral , positive neutral would negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that they neutral negator neutral the means to hpositive neutral .
neutral vanderford neutral neutral neutral thi
bellator has the neutral neutral fighters neutral of the ufc and with neutral and intensifier of negative neutral ( neutral negator called bellator ) , neutral positive hpositive to neutral gained
idk , they could hpositive hpositive neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral fights
neutral you neutral the neutral where positive broadcasts neutral neutral showtime with bellator lol ? would neutral the neutral neutral
we neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral of *your* salaries !
and we positive neutral neutral your sponsors neutral
diminisher neutral farnsworth shit
fights neutral intensifier positive when they positive and neutral for neutral neutral . coker neutral guys hpositive neutral neutral when positive neutral fights positive neutral and neutral rori negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , if you neutral neutral fights negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral unless you neutral neutral ufc hype neutral lol . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cared neutral neutral and that positive neutral neutral bonuses . coker hpositive paid them upfront positive neutral , gotta neutral ‘em diminisher neutral . neutral neutral neutral caring neutral fighters neutral neutral for them for years , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral fights neutral neutral neutral and bellator and ufc fleecing neutral to neutral neutral hnegative countries neutral for neutral and positive neutral tv . we neutral apps and ppvs and neutral neutral channels neutral neutral of neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral bellator cbs neutral neutral showtime app and would negator neutral neutral and positive app neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral caring neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
positive neutral neutral positive they neutral that neutral of neutral neutral hpositive
pfl has neutral neutral neutral and dates they neutral from their tv neutral . they negator hpositive hpositive neutral neutral of
positive neutral : dagestan
mvp vs neutral neutral
neutral hpositive if they neutral neutral the neutral protections neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral for monopolies
neutral , they neutral positive years neutral neutral that neutral neutral dismissed . buying neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral
they hpositive positive neutral hnegative neutral promotions that neutral the ufcs neutral of the neutral neutral . bellator positive intensifier positive the euroleauge if we neutral using negative nba negative
neutral neutral negator neutral strikeforce neutral when you neutral neutral the fighters they neutral neutral , they hpositive neutral neutral hnegative existing neutral positive neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral terms of positive neutral neutral neutral negative . their negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the ufc 's neutral the neutral . the neutral of their middleweights neutral intensifier neutral neutral to the ufc 's .
hpositive neutral hpositive negative hpositive neutral to hpositive their neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral negator negative . they hpositive could neutral positive intensifier neutral from neutral if they negator neutral to negative neutral negator existed .
that neutral intensifier neutral neutral tna .
neutral mauro has neutral neutral neutral for neutral companies
intensifier , positive you neutral you neutral diminisher neutral hnegative neutral that neutral positive someth to neutral neutral for bellator they neutral positive neutral ones neutral neutral neutral neutral and shit
neutral positive neutral anyth bellator neutral = neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral they neutral diminisher . neutral neutral neutral neutral folks neutral neutral that neutral neutral bellator fans multistop neutral they neutral negator neutral ufc neutral of hnegative , neutral neutral knows . neutral intensifier , the positive neutral for thi neutral positive for neutral the positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive the positive leagues .
that positive negator hpositive . if they hpositive funding they neutral intensifier neutral neutral . although hnegative .
neutral would neutral neutral whose hnegative neutral positive positive “ negative ” than neutral neutral beats neutral neutral and neutral neutral to that neutral . you neutral you neutral .
that would positive neutral to the neutral of mma fighters neutral neutral negative neutral . generations of neutral wrestlers neutral positive neutral how to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral they neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral mma fighters neutral to neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral sinc the neutral
neutral intensifier depends neutral the neutral intensifier neutral diminisher of positive neutral my neutral neutral they neutral positive subreddit shows neutral the neutral the cbs neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive to neutral positive neutral broader
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral for positive reasons neutral negative to neutral thi neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral knows how neutral neutral positive positive neutral to hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral negator negative ?
neutral positive hpositive of him neutral . neutral intensifier neutral the hnegative .
positive neutral neutral sounds positive neutral positive neutral neutral wikipedia neutral neutral for neutral when neutral speaks .
neutral neutral you hpositive neutral neutral the rules and shit intensifier neutral knows the neutral hpositive than anyon neutral and neutral opinions neutral negative .
negative thompson to neutral positive neutral hnegative than positive neutral . for neutral whose neutral neutral positive to neutral , neutral positive intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral says neutral neutral neutral to neutral how neutral neutral neutral positive ! you positive neutral neutral would neutral negative negative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral and how neutral neutral positive positive neutral of the neutral . neutral , hpositive negator ! neutral intensifier positive hnegative . hnegative hnegative hnegative . my neutral positive favourite positive him neutral “ benson 's gonna neutral hpositive negative ” neutral neutral starts neutral to the neutral nurmagomedov positive neutral him lmao .
neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral domenic cruz . they neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral .
positive neutral commentators neutral hnegative . the hnegative neutral positive the neutral neutral imo , hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral him . neutral positive neutral starts negative and neutral neutral neutral positive positive of what neutral positive gonna positive .
neutral positive diminisher negator neutral him neutral
neutral to the negative of henderson vs neutral hnegative
how neutral the ufc and bellator neutral neutral neutral of the positive commentators neutral ? him and brian stann neutral my positive .
neutral sucks becaus neutral the ufc , neutral neutral neutral to neutral diminisher things neutral neutral could negator hpositive anyth and diminisher neutral careers ; neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral siriusxm neutral intensifier hpositive for him
hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral when neutral neutral neutral negative that neutral
neutral neutral positive hpositive when they positive neutral goldberg
neutral neutral mauro positive neutral , shows emotions . neutral positive negator neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative for the neutral . positive neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive positive negative to mma , neutral has reffed intensifier neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral anymore . positive neutral should neutral neutral negative neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral positive , neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral etc . hpositive neutral him neutral for the facts for neutral neutral neutral . that positive the neutral neutral would neutral hpositive for . neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative and neutral negator positive the neutral neutral .
mauro positive neutral intensifier neutral
my positive positive neutral for bellator for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and they neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral . they wanted him becaus neutral neutral diminisher neutral and neutral would neutral diminisher tickets
how neutral hpositive neutral bellator events popped neutral that intensifier negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral ? neutral negator neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral from thi subreddit that bellator positive having negative neutral when the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral , and that neutral neutral of friends positive intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral positive hnegative . neutral positive positive coker neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
how neutral you positive bellator positive neutral " neutral for ufc washouts " and positive neutral pfl which positive negative neutral positive neutral for negative ufc fighters
neutral would negator neutral intensifier that they neutral negator neutral positive positive , they neutral neutral diminisher hpositive fighters that has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral bellator . neutral neutral positive the neutral , neutral diminisher negator neutral , that positive the neutral hnegative .
strikeforce succeeded intensifier becaus of their neutral . they positive positive hnegative their neutral positive and neutral . they would negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral if they positive intensifier neutral positive . coker positive neutral dogshit neutral . that positive hpositive neutral neutral .
the seasons positive hpositive neutral bjorn .
bellator cages neutral and ufc cages neutral neutral seems positive neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral neutral how fights neutral neutral .
positive . they neutral to neutral neutral neutral that has walls . negative , hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral gets the neutral neutral
neutral negative to neutral the reanimated corpses of ecw and hpositive stitched positive and neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral aligned to aew when neutral neutral neutral tnt , they positive kenny neutral neutral promos for neutral and neutral .
tna / nwa merging negative
you neutral intensifier neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral from , neutral it'd neutral intensifier negative
you neutral the ufc could neutral hpositive bellator , and neutral neutral divisions rankings from neutral to neutral neutral them intensifier stacked ?
negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive positive neutral neutral shitting neutral coker neutral hpositive repeating what positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral shitting neutral bellator negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral bro . the positive of neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral .
pflator multiexclamation
neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral shows planned for the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and their neutral positive diminisher neutral fighters . neutral neutral they neutral to hpositive negative mma neutral with neutral fighters neutral neutral ? what neutral they neutral to neutral with them ? neutral , neutral “ the neutral largest ” mma neutral neutral neutral monopolized neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . intensifier if neutral positive from neutral neutral that neutral diminisher neutral shows . neutral positive positive neutral the worlds tallest neutral .
positive to neutral , negator to neutral . bellator positive the positive negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral intensifier neutral neutral , they neutral neutral positive fights neutral the neutral sucks and the neutral makes neutral neutral diminisher negative . the hnegative positive that they neutral negator negative neutral intensifier neutral to positive hpositive neutral neutral and the neutral neutral they positive with the dazn neutral , they positive neutral positive neutral neutral bucks . intensifier they neutral intensifier neutral neutral becaus they neutral hpositive neutral to neutral diminisher hpositive viewership amongst the neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral . positive what you negative neutral neutral , neutral their neutral neutral positive of " neutral , neutral , neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral " has positive neutral them neutral positive the hnegative negative neutral which positive them intensifier and intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier anti-dana negative . when neutral neutral positive neutral shitty neutral neutral , everyon neutral looks positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral likeable neutral with intensifier neutral neutral putting neutral fights than diminisher anyon neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier diminisher fighters neutral colleagues neutral anyth hnegative to positive neutral him , which positive intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral seems positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral the fighters neutral to neutral hpositive words neutral him and neutral neutral with him . neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral terms of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral seems positive neutral intensifier of strikeforce 's positive neutral from showtime .
neutral to neutral . neutral neutral chatri positive positive intensifier hpositive and pfl positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative .
neutral neutral that hpositive coker neutral bellator neutral they would negator neutral neutral lol .
that positive negative negative to strikeforce . they positive leaps and bounds hpositive than bellator has neutral positive .
negative neutral ? for neutral the hnegative negative and costs neutral takes to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier has negator positive and negator hpositive neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral .
yup , neutral neutral of neutral and bellator could neutral the positive neutral neutral the mma neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive positive the neutral . neutral neutral to neutral bellator , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative they neutral anymore .
how neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ? you positive neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral of the positive mma organisations neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral to neutral slowing positive
neutral would neutral neutral for neutral , that shit could neutral the ufc
if they merged neutral 's neutral with bellator , they positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral lineup . if they intensifier neutral positive and negative to neutral diminisher neutral into the neutral , they neutral could hpositive someth neutral .
they negator neutral
they restructured thi neutral to neutral neutral euro neutral hpositive neutral ppv neutral . neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral to ppv events neutral neutral . if they positive intensifier fighters they could neutral neutral intensifier ppv events .
hpositive rewatch wonderboy vs neutral
neutral neutral negator negative neutral intensifier neutral what neutral positive with neutral negative of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that nba , nfl etc neutral anti-trust exemptions and neutral neutral players neutral positive to neutral unions
hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral coincided with negative neutral of the negative of cards the ufc neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
the neutral would neutral that neutral of those fighters would neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc neutral . strikeforce neutral neutral neutral . investors neutral negator gonna negative neutral putting neutral neutral neutral . intensifier what happens ? they neutral neutral neutral stops neutral . intensifier what happens neutral , the ufc signs neutral those fighters .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral mentioned how positive of neutral negative neutral neutral positive
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral for that neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive
you neutral positive of neutral schiavello . neutral hnegative negator neutral for everyon , neutral neutral neutral liked neutral calls . bellator could neutral from neutral positive him neutral brings intensifier of neutral . neutral neutral positive mauro and positive neutral , positive neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral neutral . intensifier neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral : “ hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral thi . thi neutral , for the neutral neutral , we neutral your neutral to positive neutral you to neutral wik… ” mauro : “ neutral diminisher positive positive , neutral . ”
neutral positive negator ?
neutral neutral that intensifier sets him hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral
intensifier negative thi bothers neutral intensifier neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral evolved diminisher neutral the years sinc neutral neutral the rules . what neutral the neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral " nah neutral positive neutral hpositive negative ! " and neutral negative neutral those hnegative neutral neutral lips the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral . could negator hpositive that shit neutral .
positive including the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
they neutral neutral neutral balls
neutral diminisher positive dom neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive . neutral balances neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral . positive neutral positive positive negative neutral things neutral hpositive and neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral positive matched neutral with , neutral sucks the neutral positive
negator neutral you neutral comparing cruz to positive neutral . neutral the neutral for neutral reasons you positive neutral you negator positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral and what positive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive intensifier focused neutral negative neutral the fights than dc neutral bisping neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral these neutral .
doms hpositive if neutral positive neutral with bisping neutral joe . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative and hpositive him neutral neutral . neutral himself neutral positive intensifier neutral .
neutral dom 's hnegative comments and negative bisping positive positive positive neutral has negator redeeming features
neutral neutral neutral dom has hpositive insights and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . the events where they positive him with neutral felder neutral has neutral positive neutral and neutral negative neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive him neutral when neutral positive neutral with bisping neutral dc . they neutral intensifier neutral and neutral positive neutral to neutral cruz 's neutral neutral .
stann neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral wanted to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative with what the ufc neutral neutral dure the trt - positive neutral neutral vs neutral . intensifier hnegative - stann neutral the positive color-commentator they positive and neutral neutral neutral their positive imo .
neutral neutral , neutral him the negative neutral hnegative and neutral neutral negative with that . hpositive whoever ends neutral buying positive neutral neutral positive hnegative announcers and hpositive that neutral of neutral .
neutral negator the neutral the neutral wrestling-esque neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral .
diminisher hnegative , neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative than neutral others neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets negative hpositive ! ( neutral neutral neutral )
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive how anyon neutral neutral mma neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral their sites , neutral neutral to okay and mma neutral neutral positive podcasts and negator hpositive when events neutral . neutral positive intensifier the neutral places and neutral we neutral ufc neutral from . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral the companies . neutral positive positive to neutral their neutral info and neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive using the neutral sites and neutral that everyon neutral neutral to neutral mma neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral of bellator . neutral positive hpositive negator hnegative neutral . the neutral neutral neutral , bellator negator gets mentioned neutral and they neutral negator neutral neutral their neutral neutral until the neutral of events .
they neutral neutral neutral breaks neutral neutral neutral cards and positive when they neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative heavyweights . neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral and hnegative neutral .
and for diminisher events the ufc uses neutral neutral .
ecw and hpositive collab would neutral positive negative neutral balls .
y'all neutral neutral neutral cyn / / bkfc
neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral fighters neutral ufc , neutral intensifier would . heck , neutral fighters positive corey neutral and phil davis neutral intensifier hpositive and would neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the ufc multistop neutral they neutral negator draws intensifier neutral positive ufc neutral intensifier neutral to hpositive bellator hpositive to neutral them neutral . gegard mousasi neutral positive negative neutral that neutral would neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral neutral the ufc neutral neutral neutral signing with bellator , and neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral sinc positive . neutral neutral the ufc neutral to thi neutral ? neutral neutral vs . wonderboy would neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher matchups positive that against strikers that could neutral positive . neutral positive positive diminisher neutral neutral bellator and neutral positive positive hpositive fighters that could hpositive to the ufc ( and negator neutral neutral the hottest fighters ) neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
negative neutral , neutral fights linton vassell
neutral hpositive if dazn could negator hnegative hpositive them for diminisher than what their neutral broadcasting neutral neutral neutral .
anti-dana negative , hpositive neutral intensifier positive , intensifier online " hipster " neutral of the mma fanbase that mythologizes neutral promotions positive strikeforce , elitexc et neutral .
neutral neutral seems to neutral diminisher negative among fighters that neutral positive neutral , intensifier that neutral has diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral thi positive the neutral : coker positive positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral for fighters and the neutral . the neutral of bellator 's neutral positive hpositive , negative . the neutral notsomuch . tldr : neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive him hpositive to neutral for .
neutral strikeforce neutral hpositive ? neutral neutral the ufc hpositive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral and positive their neutral neutral neutral positive ?
and neutral neutral with that multistop neutral with the neutral " bellator " , for neutral . hnegative , coker neutral neutral them until they positive neutral neutral and when neutral neutral neutral bellator , hpositive neutral them into the neutral of the neutral neutral . gloves , negative neutral fights , and positive names they could neutral neutral . neutral bellator positive neutral . they neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral negator hpositive anyon neutral enjoys the shows .
neutral positive positive neutral those neutral neutral companies , neutral neutral from investors and vc neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral expectations that they neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral to neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral forking the neutral neutral to neutral the bills . neutral funding neutral hpositive for neutral neutral with negative neutral flows . neutral and pfl / wsof neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive suckers to neutral until their neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral , diminisher of these organizations neutral neutral negative leaders . negative leaders neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral that hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral toward hnegative businesses . bellator positive negative neutral of thi , the neutral loses neutral neutral makes positive neutral viacom 's neutral neutral ( for neutral ) to neutral viewers toward their networks , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negative , etc .
neutral neutral neutral fiddy
neutral those neutral shows neutral neutral paid neutral fighters . neutral positive negator for anyon neutral pfls neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . and their ppv events neutral for their neutral finales .
you neutral mvp that intensifier ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral benson henderson neutral positive
neutral neutral brees , neutral of the greatest qb 's of neutral neutral could negator negative neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive that neutral neutral neutral and neutral of the neutral .
positive these neutral buddies intensifier neutral
dom has positive neutral intensifier diminisher standoff-ish neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral noticed
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive roles neutral neutral neutral neutral . dom positive the neutral neutral neutral , neutral provides neutral of things neutral neutral intensifier techical neutral and neutral exchanges and what neutral neutral should neutral to neutral etc . anik positive the neutral neutral neutral , narrating the neutral . joe / dc neutral the hype guys , the ones that hpositive you negative and neutral positive neutral the neutral reactions . positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of those roles neutral lol .
hpositive dom neutral cormier ; annik , dom and rogan positive my favy neutral they neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral they neutral positive the neutral , hpositive that they neutral the neutral neutral to fights for neutral , which positive hpositive them diminisher hpositive .
neutral positive my positive neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral 's and neutral 's . neutral of the neutral breathers hpositive positive positive neutral positive neutral .
neutral what you neutral describing positive the hnegative with bellators' neutral hpositive . the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive when bellator holds events neutral the hardcore of hardcore fans neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral accounts and neutral to the positive of mk , neutral hands , neutral mma neutral . neutral neutral neutral of mma , you should negator neutral to neutral to podcasts neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral fans , and intensifier neutral of them neutral negator hpositive when bellator holds events , and that positive hnegative , intensifier hnegative . these neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive invested neutral the neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive when nellator positive neutral negative neutral , what neutral hnegative fans hpositive ? and neutral negator kid yourself casuals neutral where the neutral positive . the hard-core neutral neutral positive neutral negator negative what . casuals neutral the neutral and neutral neutral . bellator has neutral struggled with thi , and neutral positive negator hpositive .

pfl and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral breaks neutral the events and neutral neutral and golm neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral
edgelord neutral negative would neutral the neutral if their positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral onefc would neutral neutral neutral the neutral from neutral neutral , although idk if they neutral neutral neutral . their shows neutral neutral and they neutral hpositive positive neutral adding bellator would intensifier neutral neutral their neutral into the neutral
dazn neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral mythologizes positive xc ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral kickboxer neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive than neutral hnegative neutral becaus negator of them neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral that wonderboy vs neutral positive neutral hpositive than mvp vs neutral would neutral , neutral presents neutral positive neutral matchup . neutral positive hpositive than the positive neutral neutral for mvp vs neutral , intensifier neutral of neutral that , hpositive neutral wonderboy vs neutral
neutral that hpositive toni romo joe rogan ? neutral liked him neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral what neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative him to neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive ?
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral they neutral negator neutral to you becaus they neutral neutral the rogan , cormier neutral neutral into my veins . their neutral makes neutral intensifier neutral intensifier positive to neutral .
dom neutral cormier ? intensifier negator .
dc positive the hpositive positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral and neutral knows neutral neutral . no-ones neutral neutral .
that positive neutral to neutral their neutral neutral they positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral to . they neutral neutral neutral mic'ed neutral neutral negator neutral neutral we negator neutral which neutral we positive positive .
neutral positive the neutral . neutral neutral surprised to neutral how neutral negative neutral gets neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of peoples views positive coloured neutral neutral comments neutral keith peterson and that neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral from negative , positive you neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral what positive neutral neutral and where things neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral him neutral neutral negative neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral with bisping .

positive
if neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral , if they could hpositive bellator for negative neutral would neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive hnegative . neutral would positive neutral the one-bellator neutral the mma neutral . if they neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral to neutral ufc , that could neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . would neutral them neutral neutral neutral europe neutral neutral , bellator has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ireland / uk and has started neutral diminisher events neutral france . neutral the neutral they positive diminisher neutral italy , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral that neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral loses neutral amounts of neutral negative , neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with bellator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive surprised to neutral that . neutral of neutral , pfl , rizin , neutral neutral ksw merging with bellator would negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to the ufc , which would neutral neutral
neutral would neutral neutral if neutral neutral hpositive and strikeforce , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive that neutral that negative neutral elitexc these neutral .
neutral positive neutral shit neutral
neutral negator positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral *boxercise instructor* .
neutral hpositive romo neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ! negative the cowboys neutral haha . neutral neutral , neutral would positive joe hnegative positive the joe rogan of neutral commentating .
they negative him neutral cus neutral positive hpositive negative fanboyish with hnegative guys . positive neutral negative neutral " the neutral " and neutral neutral hpositive for mahomes . neutral hpositive intensifier intensifier negative to neutral to neutral .
nooo multistop neutral hpositive neutral
neutral , africans , dyslexics , children , that sorta neutral .
ain't negator hnegative with that neutral !
my favorites neutral rogan dom and neutral cormier . the neutral of them neutral fuck hnegative intensifier neutral
intensifier my neutral favourite combo neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative if neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral when jon anik neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral negative , neutral negator for neutral hpositive neutral . neutral , neutral hpositive that neutral .

neutral you neutral positive neutral , ive intensifier neutral glanced into their finances neutral diminisher hpositive hpositive , from what neutral neutral they neutral to neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral someth . intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of " if that positive neutral neutral positive " neutral of neutral if you hpositive what neutral neutral .
neutral liked hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral . hpositive , wec , hnegative neutral neutral
loved the elitexc shitshow neutral negator neutral neutral brings neutral the ifl ! that shit neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral positive positive neutral negator happened ! the neutral neutral intensifier neutral traded .
bisping rules
neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive him neutral neutral negative , neutral positive him neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
bisping would neutral hpositive if neutral neutral negator intensifier negative and neutral negator positive the neutral to neutral negative negative and neutral a-hole intensifier neutral .

fedor vs arlovski neutral intensifier neutral
kimbo neutral neutral neutral neutral petruzelli and everyon hnegative their minds . hpositive hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive bisping positive when neutral positive neutral with dc , the positive neutral to negative hnegative the rails neutral intensifier .

diaz , lawler , neutral , bigfoot , eddi , daley , cyborg , gina , kj , shields , etc… elitexc neutral neutral hpositive negative .
you neutral to neutral neutral neutral with the neutral and you positive neutral neutral reffing neutral paid ammy events
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with adalaide byrd . ama
>anyone neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral ? positive ! neutral hnegative positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has . they neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral . they neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive emailed amc pankrat becaus neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral hnegative neutral positive referees , which positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral 'matt hume' and neutral positive neutral neutral shit , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative , neutral hpositive to neutral from ? neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral , neutral asked toward the neutral of the neutral with the neutral from the neutral and she neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral expenses neutral neutral positive negator neutral . positive neutral hpositive negative to hpositive hnegative athletes and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive into judging , neutral intensifier mma and kb events neutral neutral neutral . positive negator neutral neutral for neutral . neutral positive positive hpositive neutral fights intensifier positive and negator neutral positive to neutral moments neutral neutral biases .
you neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral the judges neutral the negative negative neutral negator neutral negative neutral and neutral for neutral breaks dure rounds intensifier they neutral negator neutral the downtime neutral neutral fights .
neutral wanted neutral neutral of fighters neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral positive hnegative . dagestan of neutral neutral , dafuq ?
neutral neutral … neutral populated states neutral diminisher of the positive fighters .
neutral and neutral neutral nyc myself and neutral positive negator neutral intensifier cal , denver , neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral spots for mma . neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral hnegative the neutral that neutral has negative neutral intensifier neutral and positive with neutral to neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral ny positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fl neutral overcompensating neutral neutral neutral hiding neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral tyson 's nyc neutral neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral and neutral nyers neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral they moved neutral from the neutral . neutral neutral nyc positive neutral neutral neutral dislikes mainstream neutral neutral their negative neutral pigs neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral you neutral what neutral you should neutral .
neutral eblen would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator underrated neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier att and sanford / neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative winters , which makes neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral makes neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , negative .
jorg masvidal neutral burns colby covington dustin poirier bo nickal yoel romero thiago neutral sergei pavlovich rozenstruik jds andrei arlovski neutral neutral neutral yourself :
dallas ? dc metro neutral ? chicago ? intensifier hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative . caveman neutral negative ugh
lol you neutral neutral of your positive . gsp neutral to renzos neutral nyc to neutral for diminisher neutral neutral fights . we neutral neutral negative neutral , chri weidman , merab , aljamain neutral , chri neutral , neutral iaquinta . ny has neutral neutral bjj negative neutral neutral medalists and neutral adcc medalists neutral neutral neutral ny positive negative producing positive negative neutral neutral athletes you dork
positive neutral positive neutral negative hpositive to neutral hpositive for hpositive mma fighters . positive neutral negative , neutral to neutral tons of fighters neutral from the metro neutral neutral these neutral the gyms diminisher neutral neutral to neutral the lights neutral and neutral neutral taxes places that negative to neutral out-of-towners into positive condos neutral negator hpositive neutral for positive neutral and comers
izzi has neutral neutral tdd that neutral would negator neutral him neutral , neutral if neutral neutral negator against wrestlers the hpositive of eblen . neutral neutral neutral would negative pereira neutral
neutral of burns and poirier , intensifier negator that positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral populated neutral . you neutral neutral … . your neutral and neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral caveman .
dunno neutral downvoted thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral mma gyms neutral negator located neutral neutral neutral limits . belal 's neutral neutral chicago , neutral intensifier neutral the neutral from where the burbs neutral , neutral neutral the boonies , neutral the neutral .
the neutral neutral omitted negative of guys , their lw neutral positive intensifier stacked . neutral neutral to poirier they neutral gamrot , tsarukyan , ismagulov , moicano , neutral , moises , shabliy .
neutral diminisher neutral that neutral positive intensifier hpositive , the website positive hpositive neutral positive positive champions neutral neutral of that neutral positive intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive that alot of neutral gyms neutral mma neutral located neutral neutral malls . neutral would redditors hpositive hpositive neutral
thi positive the neutral neutral , neutral to neutral , neutral negative negative , neutral , and neutral for neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
" you guys neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? negative , neutral neutral negator neutral to hpositive neutral positive . "
neutral neutral positive negative hpositive . neutral neutral my neutral neutral to hpositive neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hype neutral and neutral positive positive hnegative
and everyon neutral has neutral neutral

neutral 'bad neutral for christian' positive neutral .
thi neutral has neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral the ufc and missed neutral . neutral positive hpositive , neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral : sinc neutral wanna neutral neutral shit neutral technicalities . neutral neutral missed neutral to of hpositive neutral neutral neutral promoted fights . becaus neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive neutral negator neutral the ufc positive . neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive against neutral for someth positive yhat multistop neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive against neutral neutral neutral my neutral .
that positive negator hnegative . neutral should neutral neutral neutral
neutral rodriguez would negator multistop
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral should positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral the negative
how vettori makes neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral pounds and positive neutral would neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral that hnegative neutral multistop
neutral we neutral hpositive lmao neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that positive hpositive
intensifier positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral that the hype neutral runs neutral to neutral neutral they neutral negator putting raul neutral with anyon that has neutral legit neutral to neutral him positive
multiquestion neutral positive neutral missed neutral neutral neutral the ufc where neutral you neutral that from
rrj hnegative neutral him intensifier hnegative neutral knocks him into the neutral neutral neutral .
becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral for orcs
mexico has neutral neutral hpositive hnegative than italy neutral neutral positive def healthier
that positive of neutral nate diaz positive neutral neutral positive carnitas neutral and neutral could negator positive how hpositive neutral neutral . they positive neutral neutral positive neutral that shit .
neutral neutral neutral has neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral negative positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than him . and if rosas negator neutral him positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative for him . although the neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral missed neutral neutral neutral
neutral the pasta
neutral has to neutral with the overconsumpt of neutral
neutral she makes flautas intensifier from neutral . we neutral them with refried beans , neutral positive and neutral queso neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral has positive neutral positive hpositive neutral the ufc . rosas positive positive neutral him positive .
neutral , you neutral ufc intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral fights neutral the ufc my hnegative
my neutral positive neutral months neutral sardegna ; she neutral neutral that pasta positive neutral neutral neutral for italians , and positive , they neutral negator neutral / neutral . they positive neutral the hpositive ( hpositive ) shit .
neutral the neutral .
and the positive fats and carbs .
bro positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral negator neutral hpositive to neutral .
you neutral from neutral rockhold to neutral abbott neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral pearce positive neutral negative negative . neutral negative neutral of those positive from him . neutral should neutral positive neutral lol . neutral neutral positive rosas , hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral than neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral the ufc neutral multistop
neutral negative and neutral neutral positive the positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral seems
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ( i'm neutral neutral italian-american , neutral grandparents neutral neutral from the mainland and sicily ) and negator neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral sinc my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pasta and neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral dishes . we positive pasta neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral . intensifier hpositive she passed neutral the recipes , neutral neutral pasta intensifier neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral and neutral , neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive weights
neutral negator you neutral for neutral ufc positive to neutral neutral the ufc ? diminisher implies you neutral negator neutral positive .
that positive negative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral the ufc
neutral the hnegative hpositive , my neutral positive neutral neutral fuuuuck and neutral of her neutral positive neutral becaus lemme neutral you sunthin , those mf neutral neutral diminisher neutral carbohydrates
what hnegative shows neutral promotions neutral you neutral neutral espn+ / ufc neutral neutral , neutral neutral of neutral / sean shelby / neutral maynard , neutral commentated neutral fitzgerald , interviewed neutral sanko and the neutral of ufc neutral , etc ? neutral positive diminisher positive they neutral the neutral and neutral neutral of friends neutral them . neutral positive diminisher positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher positive you negative to neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral details . should neutral neutral neutral " thi neutral missed neutral to of hpositive neutral neutral neutral promoted fights " ? if you wanna neutral neutral positive , neutral negative intensifier . neutral neutral neutral that positive gonna neutral you neutral neutral 's shit neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive diminisher positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral that negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral reddit . neutral positive diminisher positive neutral neutral positive negative neutral of the ufc neutral and how neutral neutral the neutral of those neutral 's " ufc careers " . neutral neutral neutral neutral when joe pyfer walks neutral the ufc positive neutral to neutral promoting the negative neutral of neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive diminisher positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral if they neutral neutral the neutral neutral , becaus they neutral positive the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral of those and positive negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral fights neutral has promoted .
ufc positive neutral neutral of neutral .
ufc positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral and negator neutral what you neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral izzi positive the mfr positive positive and neutral fights neutral , negator pulls neutral with injuries makes neutral neutral neutral , gotta neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral and microphones and neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral ffs
alex neutral neutral hpositive negative . negator neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive destined for neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral mw for neutral neutral . neutral and neutral neutral hpositive the neutral of negative cuts .
how pereira neutral gets neutral positive positive neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral swallowed neutral negative neutral balloons neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative . usada , neutral into neutral .
co-main positive neutral neutral :
neutral negator neutral anyth hnegative than neutral neutral positive would hpositive izzi . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral izzi positive the hpositive mma neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral kryptonite
neutral him neutral neutral hnegative neutral you negative , neutral alex has negator positive pounds neutral .
neutral 's neutral , poatan !
neutral
neutral ? neutral neutral flies negative neutral
neutral hpositive neutral positive how alex makes neutral positive positive than neutral neutral 's .
neutral neutral izzi positive neutral to hnegative . neutral neutral has to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral to negator hnegative neutral . neutral negative of neutral kicks , neutral the negative positive positive they neutral to “ neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral ” . neutral neutral neutral has to neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ?
pros
how neutral pereira hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , positive negative izzi neutral multistop neutral neutral intensifier if izzi ain't neutral positive neutral
neutral negator positive how neutral they neutral neutral to neutral thi re-match neutral and neutral . feelings positive neutral to cards neutral they neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral whatsapp neutral positive pereira neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral izzi 's neutral neutral to of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral makes neutral , neutral negator neutral how neutral neutral weighs in-cage neutral neutral of neutral
neutral jorg and izzi neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive gonna neutral intensifier negative .
pereira looks positive intensifier slenderman neutral the negative . blows my positive that neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral neutral and positive rehydr intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral negative intensifier positive % of neutral neutral when hpositive neutral neutral which neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral weigh-in neutral .
alex positive neutral diminisher negative neutral . neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral negative , hnegative .
neutral hpositive wanna neutral izzi neutral neutral negative intensifier we neutral neutral poatan 's neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral xdd
neutral the iv wars neutral neutral neutral iv
you could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative the negative , neutral neutral negator and hpositive neutral . neutral neutral seemed negative .
neutral neutral the hnegative ? colby neutral ?
neutral , neutral negative neutral montreal expos negative .
neutral for alex to neutral neutral neutral to - neutral neutral neutral .
neutral 's neutral izzi
negator where to neutral neutral izzi . neutral to neutral neutral neutral into the positive .
neutral positive neutral alex neutral neutral neutral
neutral 's neutral neutral neutral ! gonna neutral neutral neutral
neutral irvin
hpositive to neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral
izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative to hpositive neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral retires if neutral wins . neutral the periera neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral positive into neutral neutral which positive neutral hnegative for him . neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive , neutral . neutral , neutral .
if pereira missed neutral , neutral izzi neutral to neutral neutral , would neutral neutral neutral sanctioned neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive neutral him neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral opens neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral shit positive that neutral neutral ) neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral to lhw and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive that neutral intensifier neutral of him
neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral dogcollar positive diminisher neutral bdsm positive . neutral hpositive neutral from diminisher negative ipman neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral intensifier positive that neutral neutral negative positive and everybodi would neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive . hnegative
that gyno though…
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral from neutral positive kickboxing neutral , the positive mw negative positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative positive holloway neutral conor neutral neutral to fw
diminisher ppl neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative for diminisher ppl to positive neutral negator everyon neutral struggles to hpositive neutral positive neutral negative hnegative and neutral ‘size bullies' neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral . things positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive to neutral hpositive with negative levels of neutral neutral you , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral negator neutral that hnegative thi neutral aswel , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral looked positive neutral legit neutral .
diminisher bodies hpositive neutral username neutral neutral . neutral negative the neutral of your neutral , neutral neutral to neutral with neutral negative and your neutral to neutral neutral . neutral rockhold positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral troubles
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive heavier than vettori ?
hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral . him and adesanya neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral their neutral careers and negator has missed . neutral alex positive hpositive hpositive ?
neutral pereira positive positive thi positive . ez neutral neutral = ez neutral
makes neutral neutral the intensifier positive becaus neutral neutral neutral makes the neutral diminisher intensifier hnegative neutral your neutral adjusts to preventing neutral ( you're hpositive simulating hnegative of negative - intensifier your neutral developes neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral )
> neutral and neutral neutral hpositive the neutral of negative cuts . neutral negator negative neutral missed neutral neutral neutral
neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive pounds neutral
boofed neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral hpositive for hnegative my neutral neutral for the ufc
neutral has neutral bones positive neutral negative
hes positive neutral fillings neutral into neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral masvidal neutral hnegative ? positive diminisher shredded and neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral diaz bro
that neutral looks intensifier hnegative
neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive affects neutral positive .
yep . neutral neutral neutral positive izzi becaus neutral positive hpositive neutral , neutral negator positive neutral izzi if neutral wins diminisher neutral with neutral and you hpositive that izzi positive intensifier neutral and negative neutral these things . if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral alex 's favour neutral neutral - that positive the neutral alex wants and if neutral neutral negator neutral to hnegative the takedowns neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive and neutral neutral izzi 's offensives hpositive . alex hpositive neutral to positive the neutral ( neutral if neutral loses neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive and hnegative positive neutral neutral to lhw ) . izzi intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive negative positive negator neutral .
thi positive neutral izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive positive hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral would hpositive neutral the neutral of him neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
izzi positive neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral rocked alex intensifier intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi positive of " izzi positive neutral intensifier aggresive becaus neutral hpositive positive hnegative " neutral neutral keeps the neutral
neutral positive neutral cringelord that lives neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral squeaks neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier positive himself that neutral positive righted neutral wrongs and neutral positive neutral the greatest neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
>i neutral izzi positive the hpositive mma neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral kryptonite neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral with hnegative and izzi . aka hnegative positive neutral neutral hpositive mma neutral neutral with izzi neutral the kryptonite .
nah , neutral neutral neutral hpositive wants neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative would neutral neutral for him neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral and neutral neutral him and positive neutral positive the hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral positive izzi neutral hnegative the neutral neutral of their neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negative . if neutral keeps neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive neutral that negative neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral the rules and neutral from positive the hnegative neutral neutral of mma neutral neutral . if ufc neutral negator neutral rules positive neutral fc , alex positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral to negative .
neutral positive neutral
neutral positive izzi , neutral positive the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral makes matchups neutral intensifier intensifier positive .

neutral neutral walked neutral the neutral neutral neutral someth positive that neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative izzi positive neutral fuck the shit neutral of alex
smh neutral to neutral neutral positive .
colby
hpositive the neutral hnegative mw you neutral neutral of with neutral positive neutral .
neutral
neutral negative to neutral the neutral neutral pounds neutral neutral neutral
you neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral negative negative for negative neutral positive negative
how neutral izzi hnegative you bro ?
ooooh neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive " hes neutral neutral " neutral positive neutral neutral cosplaying neutral intensifier neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
dunno neutral , him neutral neutral ones positive what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
intensifier sinc neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral for you neutral neutral fighters you neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative alcolohic
neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive positive negator the fighters hnegative for neutral neutral the neutral that they neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral that " hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral of your neutral " positive negative hpositive neutral for mma competitiors .
positive neutral neutral positive if neutral from neutral intensifier positive neutral positive hpositive negative hpositive of neutral neutral intensifier of neutral , intensifier neutral brazilians neutral diminisher negative cuts and they neutral to neutral positive to neutral intensifier positive negative
neutral positive neutral intensifier of positive neutral how neutral 's faces neutral dure the neutral neutral negative , neutral that positive negator neutral the positive neutral of neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive having the hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral 's faces neutral intensifier than others . neutral the dudes neutral neutral positive crackheads neutral the negative neutral having hnegative cuts for hnegative , neutral diminisher fighters neutral negator neutral the neutral crackhead neutral when neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
negative hnegative positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive fans . neutral the dagestan haters neutral mak of neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral against neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral mendes . that positive neutral lbs neutral neutral for neutral negative . negator neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative than that .
" things positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive to neutral hpositive with negative levels of neutral neutral you , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . " - florian
hpositive neutral , dr . haux
pereira has neutral intensifier of neutral neutral . neutral holds neutral . neutral holds neutral . neutral , the intensifier neutral neutral has the intensifier neutral they neutral neutral .
neutral , hpositive the positive hpositive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher guys positive neutral neutral gastelum struggled positive with neutral neutral intensifier than others .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral of neutral hnegative intensifier . if you neutral hpositive the neutral , you neutral hpositive the neutral . that neutral neutral , alex positive diminisher neutral neutral larger than adesanya lol . neutral neutral himself neutral the negative neutral neutral positive from what positive positive reported , adesanya neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral alex positive positive lbs heavier , neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral diminisher positive neutral their earlier fights neutral . for neutral neutral , neutral neutral alex positive neutral negative neutral hpositive than izzi . neutral hpositive izzi ahs positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral alex the neutral positive of neutral for neutral positive neutral positive neutral lbs per neutral . alex neutral has neutral positive neutral than izzi , neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral .
> him and adesanya neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral their neutral careers intensifier of hpositive alex has positive pounds neutral izzi , neutral yourself .
positive thi neutral neutral negative / bro-science ?
neutral neutral to neutral that neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral guns anymore
> boofed neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral and the neutral suffocates neutral the neutral displaces neutral .
negator positive neutral him from shoving neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral from neutral : " burns looks shredded . masvidal looks positive neutral positive positive neutral shredded neutral . " lmao .
nate diaz positive that neutral neutral neutral
has neutral neutral looked shredded / jacked ?
tbf neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral masvidal neutral shredded neutral nate neutral for the mj neutral , neutral diaz neutral with neutral positive positive positive to neutral .
positive negator neutral neutral neutral trt has neutral limits
neutral to neutral intensifier of masvidal 's positive cuts , neutral looked intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral the negative positive lol
that positive called neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral negative , neutral .
bro looks the neutral to neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral with .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral than neutral neutral neutral him positive for , positive neutral to neutral himself positive neutral diaz neutral
idk neutral neutral neutral looks intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral ain't neutral him neutral favors neutral
neutral looks positive neutral neutral that hpositive showed neutral to the neutral neutral
positive neutral looks positive pre neutral neutral neutral neutral
everyth neutral neutral positive wrong… the neutral , the neutral , the neutral of neutral it…
neutral hnegative neutral positive playing the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative hnegative neutral tutorials and playing deathmatch to neutral your skills
shevchenko neutral against joanna neutral mma and muay neutral
positive neutral into neutral neutral and neutral that the neutral negative positive neutral neutral you
neutral neutral , neutral neutral izzi looked intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral positive him diminisher neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral should neutral positive diminisher positive , neutral neutral positive hpositive negator neutral negative neutral of hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral izzi knows neutral destroyed him neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive to him
you should neutral competing neutral
hnegative izzi positive neutral positive izzi neutral
neutral hpositive izzi has rocked him everytime they neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral alex 's positive , neutral neutral neutral izzi neutral neutral neutral wrestling-heavy neutral positive the hnegative neutral . izzi has neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . negator hpositive against neutral opponents , neutral against alex neutral neutral . neutral neutral has positive deteriorated the intensifier neutral hes positive . thi positive neutral hpositive for the pereira neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral kickboxing fights when neutral neutral neutral to alex . initiated exchanges and pressured him . neutral neutral to hpositive alex hnegative and neutral the positive neutral from him . neutral hnegative neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral to positive neutral alex and neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . the intensifier hpositive neutral plays neutral , the intensifier alex neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral you mentioned . if izzi positive pressuring , alex negator neutral positive , neutral neutral positive neutral to intensifier hpositive izzi . hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral the feet positive how neutral beats pereira . negator hpositive than when izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc , and negator hpositive than when neutral neutral alex neutral the neutral . neutral positive the hpositive “ neutral what you neutral positive ” - neutral negator neutral your neutral to your second-or neutral positive neutral hpositive becaus you hnegative what your negative neutral neutral .
>nobody positive neutral izzi if neutral wins diminisher neutral with neutral and you hpositive that izzi positive intensifier neutral and negative neutral these things . neutral would positive neutral izzi if neutral utilized the neutral neutral arts to neutral alex lol . granted neutral neutral neutral neutral of izzi , neutral thi positive negator kickboxing . everyon neutral intensifier impressed neutral ngannou " hnegative that neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral takedowns . negator neutral neutral neutral for using neutral their weapons lol .
negative neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral for thi neutral for izzi
>nobody positive neutral izzi if neutral wins diminisher neutral with neutral neutral would ! neutral hpositive you neutral negative intensifier neutral izzi 's neutral perceptions , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral of affairs for the neutral if fans neutral neutral positive that neutral .
lol what of neutral everybodi positive , neutral negator you . neutral we intensifier positive that the neutral neutral neutral positive for him neutral into the neutral positive neutral neutral for manhandling neutral neutral heavier than him . neutral , neutral would poatan neutral to lhw ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to .

izzi neutral rnc positive what the neutral neutral .
positive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral has to neutral neutral with neutral advantages and positive neutral positive neutral .
idk neutral sounds positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral your neutral negative
bro you neutral neutral neutral negative irl , what neutral you neutral ? neutral neutral neutral loses positive and wants neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral what positive hnegative with that .
neutral arguably positive neutral him neutral the neutral neutral and positive positive secured the rounds neutral their and to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral himself positive to hang / neutral and positive intensifier neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive with
neutral neutral if we neutral neutral positive neutral neutral him the neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral if negator neutral the rounds neutral their fights neutral the ones neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral to positive neutral alex has the skills and neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive from the clutches of negative .
neutral hates poatan hnegative than positive izzi stans ?
that sounds positive your neutral neutral hnegative .
positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral
neutral you neutral when you neutral hnegative neutral someth ?
neutral gets the neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral intensifier and sucks trumpcock
" neutral neutral neutral where izzi neutral negator neutral , colby 's positive neutral neutral for years " - neutral neutral
chimaev
lol neutral positive neutral negative . positive neutral , neutral neutral the neutral ?
negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive thi positive the neutral negative neutral they neutral
that kirby ballsack neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral to the neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive the neutral , esp with that neutral neutral , neutral looks positive neutral of those slaves from neutral of thrones . legit positive neutral neutral neutral to positive , neutral positive neutral neutral for negative / positive that neutral of neutral .
prolly diminisher danni the neutral cosplay tbh
neutral neutral neutral to neutral " neutral . " neutral god-awful negative
neutral positive neutral neutral from naruto
that positive negative . positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral hpositive that neutral positive intensifier *corny* neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral dure neutral ? neutral *love* neutral when neutral neutral that . neutral positive intensifier negative becaus neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral and functioning neutral positive neutral , hpositive intensifier neutral .
emmett 's neutral neutral against yair positive neutral . neutral neutral looked positive neutral neutral neutral .
dillashaw neutral
dc 's kidneys
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive af neutral neutral neutral . neutral sinc the volk neutral ii neutral neutral has regressed positive . neutral looks positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator hnegative , neutral neutral neutral and kevin neutral positive positive neutral neutral the negative
neutral neutral neutral mw neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative
that positive nuts . neutral neutral neutral neutral pounds and neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive negative
neutral neutral negative to neutral ones neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral tbh
neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral having neutral limbs , hpositive negative , etc
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the favelas intensifier hes neutral to starving and neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier hes neutral to neutral dehydrated .
thi . your neutral positive sucked neutral hpositive means they neutral neutral of the neutral neutral to neutral ins . neutral positive negator neutral of how neutral neutral neutral neutral . poatan negator having neutral sucked neutral neutral hpositive means neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier of the neutral earlier than the neutral diminisher neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral lb neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral the hnegative neutral .
“ the neutral positive neutral negative neutral . ” - neil degrasse tyson
izzi positive neutral tweener where neutral would neutral hnegative for him to hpositive ( neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier neutral ) neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral for alex positive neutral *massive* mw . neutral positive neutral hnegative negative hnegative neutral the neutral . would negator neutral alex neutral “ neutral hnegative ” sinc neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral everyon positive incentivized to neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral , *much* positive than izzi and neutral positive neutral negative hpositive . izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral : you idiots downvoting neutral neutral negator positive that izzi has positive neutral neutral neutral for years , neutral diminisher everyon neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral from neutral ( whittaker , vetorri , alex , neutral , cannonier , yoel , neutral , etc . ) neutral positive neutral for the neutral , neutral negative positive to neutral to ww ( negator diminisher hnegative neutral neutral ) . that positive the neutral of neutral tweener . everyon neutral fights positive neutral heavier than him neutral neutral neutral .
if you intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral hnegative . diminisher of these guys neutral seizures lol .
neutral negator neutral , thi subreddit positive neutral alex and neutral izzi . you neutral neutral khabib neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral
negator positive , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral with diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral issues and the neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit neutral neutral neutral neutral how your neutral reacts to that neutral of neutral and how neutral affects your neutral positive neutral neutral , with neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hormones for women neutral neutral
that positive neutral neutral boofs neutral
neutral positive looked neutral hpositive neutral the neutral
negator diminisher shredded neutral neutral def looked intensifier neutral and neutral neutral vs nate and kamaru neutral . looked positive neutral positive neutral diminisher softer and neutral neutral the colby neutral and neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral . neutral lw neutral looked positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral . neutral ww neutral has looked positive that neutral with neutral neutral negative .
neutral looked hpositive against diaz
neutral that to vitor
neutral neutral burns positive neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral looks neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral playing neutral games neutral my multistop fuck , neutral negative im playing neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral it'd neutral neutral hnegative , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral and neutral negator negative you izzi intensifier hnegative neutral positive positive the greatest , if lotan neutral negator neutral , and that hnegative has to hnegative
neutral hnegative neutral positive positive hnegative to the neutral neutral neutral elden neutral neutral and neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier frustrating and neutral you infuriated .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of warzone neutral hpositive myself neutral neutral in-between .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral injuries neutral neutral .
neutral negative
that positive when you neutral neutral hnegative souls neutral hp intensifier neutral the neutral looks neutral , and positive they neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral to positive for adesanya , which hpositive positive negator hpositive . alex neutral neutral neutral hnegative matchup for him , the neutral for hnegative positive miniscule , neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral has negator hpositive of neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive .
neutral neutral . and neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral for neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
alex neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral
and alex neutral hpositive . neutral knocked him neutral .
neutral positive negative to neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral ( and from what neutral neutral , hpositive ) , the neutral positive pereira neutral negative and the neutral pereira neutral hpositive neutral the neutral and hnegative neutral the scorecards .
huh ? thi positive called neutral neutral arts for neutral neutral positive , if izzi wrestlefucks alex neutral gives neutral shit ? neutral positive negator neutral to neutral and hpositive with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive kod you neutral positive
neutral negator neutral which neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral mentioned that the strikers would positive neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral their punches neutral negator neutral their positive neutral .
neutral positive negative . negator positive neutral izzi neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral gives neutral fuck ? if neutral neutral izzi the neutral neutral for thi neutral positive to positive . neutral negator negative how . neutral neutral means negative . fuck the fans neutral .
neutral positive neutral tesla neutral bro . neutral diminisher neutral .
sean strickland stans lmao
remindme ! hours
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral tears neutral neutral neutral positive online . thi subreddit positive intensifier anti-izzy neutral positive neutral . when neutral wins neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral and neutral , neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral you ! neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral could negator neutral the neutral
shit , positive neutral that neutral until neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral shit that would neutral intensifier hnegative neutral hnegative neutral positive positive neutral symptoms of negative hnegative to neutral negative negative .
neutral positive , izzi neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative cringed . negator neutral that happens . neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral and apologized for neutral iirc , neutral hpositive neutral neutral that shit and neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral of your neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral positive that neutral . that neutral neutral .
dan neutral negative
tj neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral thi positive the hnegative to neutral . looks positive neutral neutral neutral of aushwitz
the neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive hnegative
that neutral hnegative . that has to neutral the hnegative neutral .
things neutral neutral negator negative you to hpositive multistop
mma neutral neutral neutral and the ecu phd neutral neutral of neutral dunked neutral
what positive their neutral ?
negator intensifier , those factors that you mentioned positive neutral negative hpositive neutral the neutral itself ( what the neutral positive neutral ) , neutral the hnegative positive neutral byproduct of using neutral to positive the boundaries of neutral neutral .
jon anik neutral neutral
hnegative positive unsarcastically positive neutral for mma .
neutral positive the positive neutral for mma
izzi could negator hpositive
izzi positive negator neutral tweener intensifier of hpositive neutral positive positive vettori
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral to hpositive neutral positive him and izzi neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative . izzi neutral neutral neutral pounds for neutral lhw neutral .
neutral negator positive negative positive neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral makes positive neutral would neutral to neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral yoel romero neutral trt vitor neutral your neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral they neutral unless they positive , positive , and neutral steroids .
reflexes neutral to shit . from to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral poatan , positive of texiera , and neutral neutral negator neutral negative
eh , diminisher neutral neutral to neutral positive . for the elden neutral neutral , neutral positive to neutral to neutral the neutral and neutral sets . negator those failures neutral could negator neutral succeeded . neutral neutral with neutral neutral . positive ( neutral ) provides the negative positive / lessons for the neutral . for hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral malenia , and how neutral thi neutral translates to the positive neutral of neutral neutral positive negative lol
the neutral of positive ( neutral of hnegative ) neutral des and negative of giants neutral hnegative souls neutral hnegative than neutral bosses neutral fromsoftware games . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive to neutral my intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of positive that neutral neutral neutral of items to neutral my negative , neutral invaded , and neutral chased neutral the negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and izzi neutral neutral
my neutral positive that neutral positive negator positive izzi negator neutral negative . neutral positive negator positive neutral hasn't neutral neutral to negative . alex positive hpositive hpositive . neutral neutral positive mma , anyth neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral should negator neutral alex becaus neutral would neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral should negator neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral positive skillset . izzi positive neutral neutral , neutral and hpositive . neutral positive neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral alex positive , and hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive of neutral alex neutral rounds . and neutral if neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral that positive neutral neutral to neutral him . izzi positive neutral negative becaus of neutral neutral and neutral abandoning neutral strengths neutral their neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral and neutral could neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral izzi to neutral intensifier . neutral neutral to neutral alex and neutral the positive neutral from him . neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral gameplan neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral coaches positive neutral that neutral the neutral to neutral alex neutral . and that positive for neutral neutral ( neutral : the neutral positive negator that they neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral looked positive upon . neutral positive becaus neutral positive hpositive negator hnegative ) .
izzi has positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral and the criticisms of neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral puts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fans positive neutral hnegative .
sean strickland has fans ?
neutral positive neutral messaging you neutral neutral neutral to neutral you of **this **click thi to neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral reminded and to positive spam . ^ ( neutral neutral neutral ) ^ ( negative thi neutral to neutral from ***** - - - -
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral interviewed
that positive what the neutral neutral says negative lmao
hpositive if that positive neutral dudes neutral positive positive hpositive neutral
someth neutral neutral tests to hpositive hnegative you neutral negator neutral dehydrated ( positive you would neutral if neutral neutral neutral ) neutral the neutral neutral the neutral
from their website : how neutral neutral 's neutral & weigh-in neutral neutral ? - negative neutral 's neutral positive neutral positive referred to neutral “ neutral neutral . ” neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral 's “ neutral neutral . ” bouts positive neutral offered to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her “ neutral neutral . ” - when athletes neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , their weights positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the restrictions of the neutral neutral neutral neutral catchweight negative . - dure neutral neutral , neutral athletes positive neutral neutral neutral negative weigh-in and neutral positive . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral which neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral . neutral the neutral of neutral 's neutral , the neutral and neutral positive positive the neutral to neutral the neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . if the neutral passes thi positive , neutral neutral she neutral weigh-in . the neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral the restrictions of the neutral neutral neutral neutral catchweight negative . - neutral neutral neutral , athletes neutral neutral neutral and passed the neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to weigh-in . hnegative , if negative neutral has missed neutral neutral failed neutral neutral positive , positive neutral neutral she positive neutral the neutral positive and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . - if negative neutral fails the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral she positive negator neutral to neutral . should negative neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral weigh-in neutral the restrictions of the neutral neutral neutral , positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral catchweight if the neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral her negative 's neutral neutral , and if the negative agrees to competing neutral thi catchweight . neutral , neutral neutral of the neutral 's neutral positive neutral negative to the negative positive to neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral . - post-bout neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral catchweight negative . if negative neutral positive to neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral she positive neutral held to the rules neutral : - neutral neutral – neutral receives negative neutral negative . - neutral neutral – neutral positive neutral penalized neutral of neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral . - neutral neutral – neutral positive neutral penalized neutral of neutral neutral her neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral positive disqualified from competing neutral the neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral to the neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
they neutral the neutral becaus fighters negator neutral those things you neutral neutral with those advantages neutral negator . positive neutral “ neutral ” ? negator , neutral that positive neutral of the neutral .
" alex pereira reacting to izzi 's feints neutral with diminisher twitches , negator hnegative the twitches of negative neutral negative from withdrawals , someth that alex knows neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral positive neutral to you neutral modelo . "
hnegative upbringings hpositive hnegative neutral .
positive neutral intensifier underrated “ hnegative ” that you negator intensifier neutral .
hpositive for neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral of hpositive that neutral gets motivated neutral neutral neutral / neutral upbringing .
if that positive hpositive neutral positive neutral the neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral walks neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral kamaru usman . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral walks neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral = / = negative . neutral intensifier walks neutral neutral neutral than vetorri . neutral positive hpositive hpositive and skinnier . izzi walks neutral neutral neutral than diminisher everyon neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral heavier than him neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral tweener , neutral positive hpositive neutral . neutral guys neutral neutral neutral from *at least*
yup , izzi positive diminisher cuts neutral neutral neutral for mw neutral . intensifier hnegative izzi could neutral hpositive ww . neutral could neutral hnegative
burns positive diminisher and positive neutral hnegative neutral
rogan neutral neutral couture hpositive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral you positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral things : neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive negative and neutral neutral positive for years neutral . neutral neutral and positive and stronger than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral achieving neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative and neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral my negative and positive . neutral my neutral could neutral neutral dominos pizzas neutral neutral , neutral beers and neutral positive shit and neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral my neutral . positive neutral intensifier negative for neutral neutral . they neutral “ positive ” neutral shredded . jorg hpositive positive neutral . hpositive neutral neutral embedded . neutral positive partying neutral of the neutral and has neutral intensifier of hnegative shit neutral positive neutral . negator positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive anymore and neutral neutral the neutral negative which positive hpositive neutral .
hey bro . fuck that cunt . neutral depleted her hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral intensifier hnegative multistop positive the cutscene . fuck that .
neutral neutral negator neutral the r/mma neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral called neutral , neutral would neutral neutral someth to neutral neutral neutral years neutral .
bro neutral neutral neutral to positive potan and neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral positive neutral what neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dj , they hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral for neutral fights .
shit neutral negator neutral that . neutral positive hpositive neutral
neutral neutral you missed my neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral qualities of neutral neutral that negator neutral neutral and that gives them negative neutral neutral negative mma neutral , negator argued neutral hpositive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral that the hpositive to neutral negative amounts of neutral neutral neutral neutral to the hpositive of those hnegative abilities positive to how neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier , to neutral they neutral positive negator **the same** , becaus neutral positive neutral the neutral itself and the hnegative positive neutral byproduct of having neutral neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral negative neutral , neutral negative that positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral limbs , negative , reflexes , and neutral hnegative neutral attributes neutral neutral . if the ufc neutral that athletes should neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral their neutral , neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral you neutral positive thi positive aniks neutral and neutral negator neutral hnegative .
" and jon neutral could neutral neutral modelo neutral to hpositive to positive my nerves for thi neutral , neutral neutral intensifier negative ! " - -
hpositive neutral
the ones that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
the makers of viagra negative thi neutral neutral negative .
negator intensifier hpositive if you hpositive " hnegative neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral . hpositive neutral of negative experiences neutral neutral to hnegative ( google aces ) positive to hnegative outcomes neutral neutral ( eg , negative neutral neutral , negative neutral , hnegative hpositive outcomes , hpositive hpositive of neutral and positive hpositive issues , etc . )
captainbuttfucker… . you neutral the neutral !
neutral negative
if kamaru positive neutral neutral that positive neutral negator the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and that positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral and negator having neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral from .
neutral neutral neutral with izzi . neutral positive intensifier neutral intensifier neutral . negator neutral neutral could neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kickboxer neutral diminisher hpositive intensifier neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral negator hpositive how hnegative that neutral pounds would neutral to neutral hnegative neutral if neutral wanted to neutral you neutral neutral could . edwards neutral adesanya would neutral neutral positive neutral tbf .
burns neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative than masvidal and neutral trains neutral the neutral blackzillians…
tbf neutral competed neutral bjj neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral diminisher centuries for neutral the shit neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral
burns positive neutral ( neutral neutral what neutral posts neutral yt ) positive intensifier negative . neutral masvidal positive neutral for having neutral neutral neutral to neutral him to neutral neutral neutral neutral dure camps
neutral , couture 's trt neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral 's neutral neutral negator ?
you neutral neutral neutral . the neutral intensifier kicks neutral you neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral .
lol neutral neutral neutral neutral her for to neutral neutral neutral her , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fromsoft neutral . hnegative dribbled neutral positive neutral neutral
you neutral neutral neutral . positive negator neutral intensifier positive with the fans if neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral has " positive " dropped neutral neutral hints that neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral intensifier positive . the booing positive neutral hpositive .
hah
how neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
izzi neutral neutral hpositive neutral walks neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier neutral , negator gonna neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral usman and ww positive neutral negative neutral for him . my neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral heavier . that neutral for vetorri , cannonier , whittaker , romero , neutral , alex , etc . izzi positive neutral intensifier negative than them neutral neutral negative positive to neutral to ww . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral tweener .
neutral neutral positive negative positive . neutral that positive neutral neutral positive neutral tweener . neutral positive negator neutral from positive everyon neutral neutral mw , neutral neutral positive negative positive for ww
izzi would neutral him neutral rounds if we neutral neutral intensifier
neutral asked neutral negative neutral that neutral diminisher neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral intensifier positive . neutral positive neutral happens neutral izzi matches neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the negative hpositive neutral would neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive . neutral negative neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral diminisher against negative guys .
neutral - whether we positive to positive neutral neutral negator - neutral .
neutral positive the neutral for neutral for the neutral neutral . thi neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral potan starches him and neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral
neutral plays neutral neutral for hnegative . neutral , hpositive neutral darker neutral makes you neutral intensifier ripped than you would with the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier , we neutral hpositive neutral 's neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive from the chemists with thi .
ah positive jorg positive the neutral of hpositive and positive negator neutral neutral anyth
my neutral takeaway : neutral neutral neutral neutral arguing the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral lmao
naruto would neutral negative with thi positive .
intensifier positive that neutral neutral hpositive neutral to negative neutral ivs neutral lol . thi hpositive should neutral hnegative neutral hnegative to alex for the ivth neutral
dan 'the nurse' neutral positive neutral neutral neutral multistop
tf positive hnegative with izzi ? neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral hnegative than positive .
izzi positive neutral excuses
neutral positive izzi neutral thi positive neutral with neutral kickboxing positive intensifier intensifier neutral . positive thi gonna neutral their positive neutral neutral ? everytime neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of their guys loses neutral positive “ neutral that neutral neutral hpositive . ” whether they neutral neutral they neutral negator ( lets neutral intensifier neutral guys neutral ) neutral neutral negator negative neutral they ain't neutral neutral . would dan neutral neutral neutral “ volk neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cheated ” if volk neutral that neutral ? neutral intensifier intensifier positive neutral . and thi neutral neutral hnegative and izzi positive hpositive positive positive and neutral neutral smartass , neutral how neutral neutral neutral that neutral gonna neutral neutral that neutral ? negator neutral .
neutral , neutral .
neutral would neutral neutral diminisher diminisher intensifier positive for izzi if neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral to hnegative fights with tits and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive how positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral for rehydr ? they could neutral neutral electrolytes neutral neutral .
neutral neutral rooting for pereira neutral , neutral neutral negative izzi neutral
negative kickboxing . neutral from neutral of my neutral liked gyms to neutral that neutral negator neutral . these guys neutral diminisher of the positive neutral losers neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral positive hnegative becaus these guys neutral neutral juicing positive neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral .
peds hpositive neutral positive .
thi hpositive neutral , izzi positive neutral for picograms of bitchmade . how neutral levels neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral
" negative neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral for my neutral neutral with my neutral . what positive the neutral usada neutral neutral ? " - neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations izzi wins hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral thi subreddit hnegative and that positive what neutral neutral intensifier neutral for
you negator neutral the neutral hokage with that neutral izzi
neutral thi neutral neutral my neutral neutral .
bro has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral ?
hpositive neutral gets flatlined neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral izzi neutral they negative , neutral neutral neutral intensifier shocked neutral the neutral that fighters neutral negator neutral monitored neutral they neutral hnegative the negative , intensifier if they neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral adesanya positive mentaly neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral seemed to neutral triggerd neutral everyth pereira neutral and positive . mcgregor vs aldo vibes neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral him hnegative , betcha negator
neutral , izzi has neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral to thi neutral . we neutral neutral , you neutral intensifier positive neutral hnegative to the neutral neutral neutral hpositive and you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral until you neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral seems hnegative becaus pereira neutral responds with
what positive the usada negative neutral copium ?
neutral would neutral neutral if pereira neutral him neutral negative thi neutral .
neutral these neutral warriors neutral neutral world-class kickboxer and mma neutral neutral hnegative lol . hpositive thi subreddit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier ironic .
positive neutral and neutral love… .
my neutral positive positive neutral excuses
for anyon positive the negative positive neutral neutral varies neutral , neutral , usada , and org .
accusing opponents of neutral iv and neutral kickboxing neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral the neutral words of negative neutral negative : " don't hpositive negative ! "
izzi positive neutral neutral borachina neutral neutral
neutral the excuses hpositive and negative . neutral positive what ckb neutral positive . neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . negative ! poatan positive neutral him neutral ! neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral !
neutral neutral negator hnegative izzi neutral . fighters neutral neutral neutral to negative the hpositive of the rules when they neutral putting their bodies and careers neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral where neutral advantages neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . positive neutral yall neutral competed neutral anyth neutral neutral positive negative ? neutral positive hpositive neutral fuck .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi , neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral becaus of neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral him and that neutral . neutral 's neutral , poatan !
neutral everyon neutral steroids , ivs , epo , etc . puts everyon neutral neutral playing neutral .
thi neutral hnegative says neutral intensifier of negative things and tries waaay negative hnegative to neutral negative for neutral neutral says neutral neutral negator neutral what neutral neutral
intensifier negator neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral volk for thi and neutral adesanya 's neutral neutral negative .
neutral negator neutral for izzi to positive and neutral thi neutral subreddit neutral
neutral positive neutral negative neutral
neutral negator intensifier positive izzi neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral brazillian hpositive ? nooooo multistop
neutral negative neutral the neutral subreddit neutral neutral to hating izzi smh
how neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral everyth neutral ?
neutral positive scared .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations izzi wins . thi subreddit positive negative positive neutral of hateboner neutral jerking losers .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral of these guys neutral neutral diminisher neutral of ped neutral accusing negative neutral neutral positive negator failed neutral neutral positive positive neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral shit neutral for negative yoel neutral franci neutral juicing lol . thi subreddit intensifier hpositive hates izzi . ckbs positive accusations neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral volk neutral neutral him of ped neutral than izzi .

neutral positive everyon negative neutral positive negative neutral alex ? neutral positive thi and negative neutral neutral referring to neutral and neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral pounds heavier than him neutral positive allowed to rehydr with iv
neutral neutral
they intensifier positive negative adesanya if they wanted him to neutral intensifier punches to the neutral . the neutral neutral pereira 's follow-up shots positive that they neutral positive hpositive .
neutral neutral users neutral negative neutral . it'd neutral neutral if those negative fucks neutral negator positive and neutral , neutral they neutral .
izzi 's sells that neutral himself . neutral positive neutral to neutral " hands positive and positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral clobbered neutral the neutral " neutral diminisher neutral of positive . " neutral neutral neutral for him to neutral neutral , " neutral neutral .
neutral neutral rooting for izzi and im gutted that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral feet neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator wanna neutral him neutral knocked neutral
that neutral negative neutral neutral . positive pereira neutral would neutral neutral things neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral izzi neutral neutral dodging shots and negative reacted to the neutral neutral the neutral .
becaus neutral was…
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for izzi neutral the neutral neutral of strikes , and that would neutral positive hnegative for him .
what , neutral they neutral neutral neutral with izzi ?
how neutral anyon neutral that positive and neutral to that neutral ? the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher of jumping positive . neutral neutral diminisher neutral sho ryu neutral . positive neutral the neutral neutral hits . the neutral neutral hits neutral neutral with hpositive , neutral , and positive . neutral intensifier hpositive him from diminisher positive negative .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral ariel helwani and neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral / neutral to neutral for neutral neutral wasn't !
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral would neutral liked to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral of neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral gets hnegative , we neutral to neutral damaged fighters neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive . hnegative , fighters neutral negator neutral that hpositive anymore .
and pikachu
lmao multiexclamation how neutral you positive neutral neutral ?
positive neutral
nah neutral thi positive izzys negative neutral . naruto would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive izzi !
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral positive for
hes fightin neutral neutral hes neutral positive hpositive to intensifier neutral positive
neutral neutral him neutral neutral . neutral neutral has positive positive neutral neutral neutral gf
neutral neutral excuses neutral neutral
neutral neutral diminisher neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to him , neutral with neutral neutral negator neutral positive thi . thi positive the negative of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral chances .
those with gyno tits negator neutral ivs neutral neutral houses neutral diminisher shit
neutral excuses neutral the neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral

izzi positive surrendering neutral the neutral has neutral started . what neutral neutral negative .
neutral positive positive neutral the neutral hnegative neutral we would neutral diminisher neutral neutral izzi 's neutral and neutral negative negative neutral : negative izzi . neutral hpositive seems to neutral neutral intensifier negative than neutral . thi positive neutral neutral of the reasons neutral izzi positive negative neutral neutral hnegative for neutral neutral fans . neutral skills neutral the neutral positive negator neutral to neutral the hnegative negative .
neutral seems intensifier positive and neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral positive positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive positive
neutral positive positive neutral of sorts neutral sinc neutral positive neutral pearls and neutral neutral .
you gotta neutral him diminisher neutral - - - neutral positive neutral neutral scrambled intensifier hpositive neutral diminisher months neutral .
neutral positive focused and neutral . neutral neutral you intensifier hnegative ?
what neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral negative ? neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative with neutral neutral neutral to liters of neutral to rehydr neutral deleting the neutral . neutral has to neutral intensifier than hpositive thi neutral neutral that has neutral neutral intensifier positive .
negator , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .if neutral negator neutral positive they neutral neutral positive hnegative .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral , hpositive neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive cuz neutral ain't the neutral .
becaus neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started neutral neutral mma neutral neutral neutral years neutral . neutral neutral that izzi has positive neutral years neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the ranks multistop neutral neutral positive neutral neutral perieira neutral *another* neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral from neutral neutral the dreaded benavidez neutral . neutral failed neutral neutral and positive hpositive alex moves neutral and neutral neutral him neutral negative . neutral positive has neutral intensifier negative hnegative .
neutral positive neutral to positive him neutral neutral neutral neutral with thi . neutral seemed scared neutral neutral downs , clenching neutral neutral . positive positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral
positive . thi positive the negative of neutral negative . neutral positive should neutral neutral diminisher neutral hnegative neutral the negative . neutral with kamaru . you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative
neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral him neutral negative negative , if anyth neutral positive neutral neutral things positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral , volk looked negative to neutral negative rounds neutral that neutral , neutral 's neutral intensifier everyon 's positive neutral diminisher sips of the negative neutral
neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral . neutral explains neutral intensifier neutral . positive the neutral neutral .
you positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral
izzi intensifier has neutral neutral and positive negative neutral ivs lmao
positive to shitty kickboxing
forreallllll they neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral izzi with neutral hnegative neutral shit neutral when they neutral thi shit neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations izzi looses and retires . neutral neutral positive neutral
positive neutral neutral hnegative they positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative casuals hnegative of them and their neutral . neutral focusing your neutral neutral that neutral and neutral how neutral you neutral . positive thi neutral has diminisher neutral perspectives neutral things .
they neutral with their neutral
*kilograms
neutral positive positive neutral intensifier of that neutral neutral . izzi neutral neutral subreddit neutral neutral neutral minutes .
izzi wins positive they neutral neutral neutral multistop lol
neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral

neutral neutral negator neutral ppl positive neutral that positive . thi subreddit neutral neutral positive / negative positive negator neutral neutral neutral ppl neutral . neutral jon neutral gane , ppl hpositive trashed gane and neutral “ negative him neutral negator , jon 's hpositive . ” neutral pereira neutral izzi ppl positive neutral jokes . neutral neutral neutral neutral ppl positive neutral him and surprised neutral the neutral . neutral aljo neutral yan ppl positive negator that positive . diminisher ppl positive positive vindicated for izzi , neutral negator positive neutral ppl neutral gonna neutral neutral if izzi wins . neutral dominates the neutral neutral when neutral neutral gets robbed positive gordon vs neutral . intensifier of ppl neutral would've positive positive if izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive izzi would steamroll pereira the neutral neutral . neutral expected neutral neutral and tds to neutral neutral hpositive ( positive ngannou neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier ) . expected neutral exp with mma neutral , hpositive neutral , neutral , elbows , neutral positive to neutral itself . neutral positive pereira neutral negative neutral and hpositive neutral negative neutral that would neutral ppvs . neutral wanted pereira to positive , neutral neutral positive everyth neutral neutral to izzi negative . izzi hnegative him neutral kickboxing and neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral gloves . neutral the neutral of rd neutral neutral positive “ yep , pereira 's neutral of neutral neutral and izzi neutral hnegative him positive neutral . ” neutral rd neutral neutral positive “ yep , pereira 's neutral neutral neutral . ” neutral positive neutral izzi positive neutral negative positive neutral , and would neutral toward picking him , neutral neutral neutral has to positive neutral
neutral positive negator neutral hnegative the neutral , the izzi fanboys positive neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral him positive the positive rats they neutral .
izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral , colby neutral neutral and belal neutral bounced neutral shavkat positive hpositive thi neutral negative shitheap neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive .
thi subreddit positive neutral intensifier butthurt . thi positive neutral intensifier hpositive when izzi kod their neutral whittaker
neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral negator neutral flatlined multistop negative how we neutral neutral their neutral neutral multistop and they could neutral neutral
izzi has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral , the to guys neutral neutral neutral mma neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral negative neutral positive , neutral neutral .
you neutral shocked that the ufc neutral negator neutral the resources to neutral neutral neutral neutral that cuts neutral for hours neutral to the neutral ? izzi positive neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral and neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to volks neutral than izzi . if neutral neutral of the of neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral . everyon has advantages and disadvantages , if you neutral to the rules you prob should negator hnegative neutral them .
neutral him neutral , betcha negator
thi comments neutral positive neutral neutral / volk neutral if anyth
you neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral . those neutral negator positive neutral .
should everytime neutral has someth negative to positive neutral neutral neutral to positive with “ neutral hpositive neutral could neutral my neutral but… ” ? neutral positive positive bitching and hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive shit , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive for things positive neutral doors neutral the neutral . neutral someth positive neutral with him . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral negator neutral hnegative . izzi has neutral positive positive af neutral everyth . neutral neutral neutral him neutral to shit neutral him for neutral .
you neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral him neutral hnegative . neutral juice-up neutral positive neutral the hnegative hpositive multistop
they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative thi neutral neutral negative to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . that should negator neutral to neutral explained .
neutral positive positive neutral from the neutral years . neutral hpositive reddit .
thi subreddit neutral neutral izzi when neutral positive the positive to neutral hnegative against positive neutral contenders and positive neutral whittaker
neutral positive positive neutral him neutral hnegative . neutral positive positive neutral would negator neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral regained positive neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral and diminisher neutral neutral from neutral neutral
neutral positive izzi neutral thi positive intensifier hnegative positive lmao thi ckb iv allegations positive hnegative neutral the neutral and they neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral
positive neutral of your neutral !
aight how neutral we positive neutral questioning that neutral thoo
neutral , neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral you would negator negative neutral positive neutral the negative negative to hpositive hnegative negator positive hpositive . the neutral that neutral positive bringing neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that when neutral neutral rehydrating , neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral that neutral positive negator cheated . intensifier neutral neutral wants things to neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral , negative the positive stakes .
hpositive negator neutral .
volk neutral staying neutral of neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral mentioned negative iv
neutral if izzi wins , neutral positive neutral gonna neutral negative . positive , hnegative neutral neutral , that ain't gonna neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative with izzi 's negative . neutral would neutral neutral thi subreddit if neutral neutral positive doubted neutral skills , which negator hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral those hnegative wwe “ entrances ” neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral from that neutral neutral
poatan , neutral positive accusing him of hpositive neutral rehydrating using ivs , hpositive accusing others positive neutral the hnegative neutral ckb neutral neutral
neutral positive positive that the fighters *aren't* monitored from weigh-ins to the neutral . they neutral neutral neutral their teams , what positive neutral intensifier neutral ?
neutral neutral positive positive the negative and negator neutral negative .
izzi positive neutral neutral
intensifier izzi neutral neutral pereira of using negative iv with negator neutral , neutral when fans negative neutral neutral neutral with gyno neutral neutral neutral peds neutral positive hnegative ? lol


neutral tweeted positive neutral neutral neutral accusing alex of using ivs
neutral positive neutral multiquestion lol . the positive gets positive and positive
hes negator allowed to . neutral neutral neutral neutral backs neutral that neutral neutral neutral with negative iv . neutral positive soke neutral neutral efforts , neutral neutral and deadlift neutral efforts , neutral neutral , neutral neutral ups . positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral how your positive positive hours neutral
neutral positive negator the neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral . when neutral dropped strickland , alex neutral neutral positive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral .
tbf the neutral shots neutral hpositive negative !
positive izzi neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral when neutral neutral . we positive to punches neutral neutral from neutral him neutral neutral neutral and positive positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral to positive hpositive how intensifier hnegative alex hits . neutral neutral hooks neutral neutral hellacious
yep . neutral neutral rooting for izzi and that neutral neutral neutral . letting neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive positive izzi flatlined .
hnegative if pereira neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral when adesanaya neutral hunching neutral ? could neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral .
you positive negator neutral pereira the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral deadlier .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral of the negative that looks neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral lands intensifier
that neutral what neutral neutral to neutral with that neutral neutral . neutral hpositive positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , that pereira neutral neutral neutral and that neutral would negator neutral the neutral to neutral the negative neutral the neutral neutral . neutral seemed to neutral hitting hnegative , neutral and intensifier neutral neutral that neutral diminisher minutes of that neutral than neutral neutral neutral the neutral izzi positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral against pereira thi neutral if neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral loses neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral years , neutral which neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral hpositive neutral when redditors positive “ neutral neutral neutral users neutral negative ” when neutral neutral redditors neutral the neutral negative of neutral hpositive .
neutral positive him neutral where neutral wanted him !
neutral positive neutral to neutral him neutral , neutral neutral negator the hnegative shots neutral could neutral - neutral cruz , neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral slumped neutral negative and that neutral neutral neutral
dodging shots with neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive to neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral pummeled .
positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral pummeled positive the positive neutral
hnegative shots with neutral hitting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral . " neutral neutral "
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral and you neutral neutral neutral neutral . to negative positive you hpositive for hnegative what neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive hpositive positive . we neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral diminisher intensifier seconds . positive neutral and neutral neutral hairstyle vs maynard to and lesnar vs carwin , neutral vs trigg , hpositive hnegative the neutral of my neutral . neutral intensifier that neutral negator neutral fights .
you neutral neutral highlighter
neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral negative unhinged izzi . positive if neutral positive gonna neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
> hes fightin neutral neutral hes neutral positive hpositive to intensifier neutral positive neutral izzi has positive neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral and that negator of the negative has positive bothering him , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral that ** / s**
positive positive neutral
> neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral iv 's , neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral ( neutral positive intensifier positive intensifier positive ) to hnegative the neutral neutral neutral those tears .
we finna neutral neutral izzi suckerpunching alex neutral the neutral neutral papi açaí if neutral loses .
neutral positive hpositive to hpositive positive and positive philosophies when you neutral negative multistop when neutral loses , that positive the intensifier positive of their neutral !
neutral neutral neutral izzi neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral vibe . negator neutral positive the neutral negative negative from the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral against whittaker ?
neutral positive hpositive neutral kryptonite matchup for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral positive thi neutral to them . for diminisher neutral hpositive neutral neutral you negator neutral neutral against . they could neutral neutral negative neutral for diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral talks positive thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral pre whittaker neutral neutral neutral kod him neutral neutral neutral neutral
lol the neutral positive complaining neutral ivs neutral neutral positive pics of neutral neutral positive .
ahh neutral you for thi neutral , positive neutral neutral
becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative iv positive ? thi neutral neutral positive intensifier intensifier positive , what neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral iv positive neutral neutral / volk neutral positive hnegative
neutral excuses positive positive negator neutral focused lol
you neutral negator neutral to neutral focussed for neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral shit . that positive negative and neutral positive of neutral .
thi positive negative . neutral that neutral you neutral shit neutral whittaker for the neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral izzi
cmon neutral , you neutral negator neutral snowboard neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi positive of hpositive and neutral positive ?
thi positive the craziest parasocial neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
whered you neutral your psych negative brah ?
neutral neutral neutral feelings neutral positive alex sooooo neutral to neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral has to neutral someth positive “ neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral knocked out…had neutral neutral neutral the first…i'm gonna neutral intensifier disciplined thi neutral . ” if neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral . idk
iv 's intensifier should negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they negative neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you guys negative positive alex neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral lol… neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral points neutral the negative intensifier neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral and neutral diminisher negative neutral of positive to neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive positive thi neutral . neutral shows the neutral tweets ( from negative neutral , brett , ali , dan , etc ) that everyon positive knows , and neutral negator neutral neutral positive of neutral . neutral you hpositive neutral the 'evidence' neutral ? ( neutral : negator neutral hnegative , hpositive negative where the neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral missed neutral neutral neutral neutral )
neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral ?

you neutral neutral usman ?
neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher neutral .
you neutral intensifier neutral neutral what you neutral negative neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negative ?
neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral dure neutral . if you neutral to neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral for neutral and of them neutral positive theyve negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive what negative neutral positive
intensifier ? where ? neutral : neutral these braindead neutral downvotes neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral becaus izzi looks intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral pree ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral loses negative neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive when neutral positive and neutral of the positive fighters neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral loses , neutral we neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral izzi loses neutral , whittaker beats alex takes the neutral , izzi takes neutral neutral from hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral that would neutral negative neutral storyline for izzi .
wut
mma fans neutral hpositive neutral and negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive conor mcgregor neutral neutral the things neutral positive neutral , positive the neutral kickboxing boys positive that diminisher fighters neutral cheats and neutral of neutral hnegative everyon hates them positive they neutral committed the hnegative neutral neutral hpositive .
and they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
izzi neutral spladle
negator neutral hpositive .

" neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral that positive " multistop neutral you neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral izzi fights .
neutral negative paragraphs , neutral you arent neutral
you intensifier neutral positive the neutral to neutral positive
anyon neutral thinks thi subreddit neutral negator positive neutral yan 's neutral 's to alio and sean positive positive lmao
neutral positive if neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral kickboxing neutral , neutral neutral intensifier positive flatlined . neutral neutral negative flatline .
fights neutral neutral intensifier hpositive org / neutral of mma .
> ufc neutral negator neutral the resources to neutral neutral neutral neutral that cuts neutral for hours neutral to the neutral ? neutral neutral they neutral , they could neutral neutral that neutral they *don't* neutral fighters to neutral that neutral
pereira‘s hpositive ali positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative for neutral neutral . called colby neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral neutral and neutral replies " you would negator neutral him that neutral neutral bro " mma fans neutral neutral negative negative . neutral neutral
ope , negator that neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral losses neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral of dodging . neutral neutral neutral neutral against the neutral that has negative him neutral says neutral reddit neutral negator positive and neutral positive neutral hnegative thi neutral neutral of messages positive negative . you neutral losers neutral positive negator hpositive than neutral
neutral neutral the whittaker fued . neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral liked . neutral the negative neutral of thi subreddit consists of whittaker fanboys
we neutral negator intensifier neutral to . we neutral negative neutral doped negative neutral neutral takes positive with the neutral , neutral positive negator that hpositive . neutral neutral recognizes negative positive with neutral neutral negative " neutral positive " of loopholes .
if anyth , negative from gyno neutral would neutral that neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral your neutral . intensifier neutral and positive benefits everyon , intensifier when the stakes neutral that positive . neutral the neutral ckb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . negator of positive neutral negator negative positive for them until they neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral into neutral bags and dan neutral starts diminisher shit neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive . and what positive the neutral to thi negator of positive ? usada neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral weigh-in and neutral ? they would neutral positive neutral to neutral shifts for neutral hours neutral neutral neutral .
volk mentioned neutral negative
negative of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative hpositive alex positive . neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
positive negator thi neutral negative positive neutral gyno ?
what makes you neutral neutral positive accusing alex ? neutral positive thi and hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive if neutral positive diminisher neutral of neutral positive . hnegative neutral usada texts neutral buddies the neutral has the shits neutral positive positive . neutral has neutral neutral hnegative and texts askren to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral these fighters neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral . diminisher positive to neutral neutral and neutral you positive diminisher neutral usada nerd neutral you neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral the neutral before…
neutral hpositive neutral ckb positive neutral for what they neutral neutral lol . you negator hnegative thi subreddit has neutral negative negative hnegative for izzi . neutral neutral positive neutral for shit neutral diminisher negative than neutral neutral

which positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral multistop pre neutral neutral ? neutral would alex neutral iving positive ? positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral for hnegative . neutral neutral ? izzi positive neutral diminisher negative shit thi neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive and neutral neutral neutral positive alluding to that when neutral neutral neutral positive negative negative for the neutral . izzi positive def the neutral of neutral to negator neutral the neutral psych neutral of things positive . intensifier negative neutral neutral feelings neutral has to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral " intensifier neutral neutral nails , negative dresses and cosplay neutral neutral neutral amirite fellas ? " - you neutral neutral how thi positive negator neutral neutral from " neutral neutral negator neutral to negative neutral intensifier neutral my feelings . neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . " positive neutral . the neutral positive positive becaus neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral for neutral and neutral . negator to neutral with how hnegative neutral positive ( which neutral positive ) .
poatan should neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , positive nate diaz ! intensifier hnegative nate neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral conor neutral
yup alex neutral sean neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral
positive izzi negative neutral . neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative izzi and neutral fans negative negative and neutral intensifier neutral to neutral knocked the fuck neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
putting neutral that you neutral negator positive the neutral you neutral replying to - negator they neutral negator . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral and their negative 's neutral , that positive negator neutral to positive neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral . you morons neutral positive everyon neutral neutral negator neutral eyes . pereira neutral him , neutral neutral diminisher hnegative shots , izzi neutral rocked hnegative , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . you neutral negator neutral to hpositive and neutral positive neutral intensifier middle-schooler to positive neutral .
my neutral positive positive neutral , neutral hands positive positive neutral negative
if the neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , negator neutral would neutral arguing .
izzi says neutral neutral neutral alex 's feet to neutral and neutral where the shots positive neutral and neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral could've positive neutral neutral neutral neutral knocked positive if the neutral neutral negator neutral when neutral neutral neutral izzi neutral the reigning and defending mw neutral , and neutral fights neutral positive negative intensifier of negative hpositive to neutral than izzi positive that neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral multiquestion neutral you neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral positive attempting to neutral neutral neutral negative which neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and the neutral stops neutral . that neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral you should negator neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive strikes neutral him and negator neutral neutral him neutral neutral dropped you and neutral you for mins…
fyi : positive neutral the neutral and letting your negative neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral for mma .
kratos
positive neutral positive neutral of jon neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral to neutral him neutral , diminisher than hpositive focusing neutral points and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative adesanya
neutral neutral negator neutral scores , neutral settles them multistop neutral neutral neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral fights neutral of positive
to neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral against him , and has memed neutral thi neutral neutral " neutral neutral " positive neutral neutral when you neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral to neutral alex intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral . izzi neutral positive neutral intensifier of negative things neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral with neutral the positive .
> neutral izzi has positive neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral and that negator of the negative has positive bothering him the words of neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier bothered and positive intensifier hpositive neutral lmao
nerdiest neutral . intensifier neutral . neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral . you neutral needed neutral to positive the hnegative neutral fluids . for thi neutral neutral you negator points .
negator hnegative to neutral with emotions . neutral homeboy positive neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral
neutral positive neutral finishes pereira neutral thi neutral
neutral positive neutral positive thi neutral fights , that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral against him dure the neutral appearances . neutral neutral clowning him dure the neutral negative lol
the casuals positive neutral , neutral fits their neutral
cheers positive the fights
bro izzi has neutral neutral hpositive shit neutral neutral movies / shows neutral likes . >the neutral positive neutral neutral to the neutral neutral 'unleashed' , neutral neutral negative
neutral of neutral my neutral ese
positive alex neutral to neutral them ?
what you neutral neutral positive neutral until you neutral neutral that izzi has neutral to the neutral to hnegative hpositive
idk neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral >for neutral those idiots neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the ufc neutral neutral neutral liters of iv neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral gonna positive everybodi . neutral makhachev positive the pound-for-pound neutral . positive *deleting* the neutral . the hnegative negator if neutral positive neutral neutral ufc / usada rules neutral . becaus intensifier neutral iv neutral positive banned neutral the neutral neutral perth , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive you neutral negator positive the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier incriminating than neutral neutral neutral .

neutral hpositive for hnegative that you negator neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral you hnegative neutral the neutral with neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of those neutral . izzi hpositive positive negator sinc neutral showed neutral positive hnegative fights into neutral ufc neutral .
that positive negator the neutral with izzi , neutral negator positive gyno neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral until neutral diminisher years neutral . positive neutral neutral explanations , neutral neutral positive using peds and stoped using negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral finasteride which stops neutral from neutral into dht , that neutral positive to negative positive of which neutral neutral gyno if you neutral neutral to neutral . positive from neutral , diminisher neutral months you neutral neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral negator izzi 's neutral neutral neutral positive neutral freakin neutral neutral , negator diminisher neutral positive
negator hnegative neutral you neutral neutral downvoted . thi positive positive hpositive . the negative neutral of neutral cases neutral neutral neutral from neutral . with that neutral , izzi positive neutral peds multistop hpositive positive everyon neutral positive multistop
you intensifier neutral neutral
from neutral neutral neutral has neutral intensifier than neutral follow-up neutral sinc positive .
positive to neutral neutral holloway neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral looses to negative and negator neutral to neutral positive to neutral him . you neutral neutral we neutral neutral that , neutral hpositive positive positive izzi has intensifier than hpositive neutral neutral neutral interests . neutral fasion . although neutral would negator neutral surprised if alex follows him neutral for neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral loses neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral to neutral and neutral wwe neutral neutral .
intensifier hpositive to positive what neutral neutral
they positive neutral neutral mma , that and the " neutral " neutral of neutral positive negative neutral for the ufc to hpositive neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral neutral that would neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral ?
neutral neutral if izzi wins they positive neutral neutral
you neutral intensifier positive hnegative , neutral positive neutral .
that positive positive to negator of neutral . ppl positive negator positive when neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral when neutral oversells and neutral delivers vs yoel / vettori / cannonier
neutral neutral positive positive sinc neutral neutral the neutral from neutral
negator , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral how neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral the threads . when izzi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive which neutral positive . when neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive . when jon neutral gane ppl negative him hpositive hnegative negator likening him . neutral negator liked those “ can't neutral to neutral the neutral 's tears when neutral loses ” comments . they neutral positive they neutral neutral to neutral neutral . they positive negator neutral hpositive unless they neutral neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral the diminisher positive comments , bc the subreddit neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral they hnegative . neutral decisions where neutral the subreddit likes loses positive when neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive izzi and neutral neutral positive positive ( neutral neutral neutral positive ) , neutral neutral negator neutral positive if neutral wins hpositive thi subreddit positive negator neutral him neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher hpositive positive neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral negator mma
of neutral neutral would negator neutral colby neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the shit neutral of neutral .
the neutral that anyon would neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral colby
neutral neutral if they called him neutral negative , that positive hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative ? intensifier hpositive
you neutral neutral . neutral positive negator accepting neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral died from the perenial neutral neutral neutral when alex neutral the neutral neutral that neutral him to negative neutral , neutral neutral things , neutral annoyed neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral bro .
> if anyth , negative from gyno neutral would neutral that neutral positive ~~not~~ a~~n~~ ~~experienced~~ neutral .
what negative intensifier negative neutral neutral what you positive neutral cmon neutral
neutral neutral would neutral that neutral positive negative positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral that shit intensifier .
lol neutral you hnegative neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral negative neutral
>usada neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral weigh-in and neutral ? positive neutral . if that positive what neutral takes to neutral neutral hpositive neutral the negative negative , positive intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral thi should neutral neutral neutral for neutral fights , that would neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral would neutral for hpositive the neutral fights
mentioned that neutral neutral staying neutral of neutral , neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
negator , neutral positive positive accusing alex . the negative positive that neutral positive negative positive for the neutral neutral and neutral positive accusing him of rehydrating neutral hnegative cuts . neutral would neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral of hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive months and months to neutral intensifier and neutral hnegative interviews and conferences neutral neutral neutral . neutral : neutral neutral neutral thi : >usada , neutral neutral from the neutral we neutral hnegative the negative neutral we neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral shifts if they neutral to…no loopholes to neutral neutral . intensifier unless neutral positive planning neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral poatan
neutral neutral and neutral neutral would neutral neutral anyon neutral ?
neutral neutral , you negator hnegative anyon for hating neutral izzi neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with how neutral positive positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral dogg neutral neutral neutral , and hnegative neutral that neutral thi neutral . neutral positive , " neutral , you hang neutral with nate diaz . hpositive neutral neutral and you , how neutral positive nate diaz ? " hpositive what neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral " hey , nate diaz weighs neutral neutral thirty-seven tons . " neutral neutral and thirty-seven tons !

lol what neutral hnegative the neutral from the neutral positive neutral alex 's neutral the neutral you neutral neutral replayed positive from the neutral . what neutral hnegative neutral . what negative neutral neutral you positive neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral with positive neutral neutral feet ? ! the neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral from neutral to neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , with neutral neutral to izzys neutral .
those neutral fighters youre negative neutral werent neutral clobbered neutral " hands of neutral "
the copium positive hpositive with thi neutral . " neutral you for neutral " roflmao hnegative neutral that and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral you def neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral izzi , intensifier neutral negator intensifier hnegative you for neutral positive neutral neutral .
bruh izzi neutral hunched neutral positive neutral the neutral with neutral neutral hands positive . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral could negator neutral neutral where the shots neutral neutral from anymore and neutral negator neutral himself with neutral hands , that neutral negator neutral positive positive neutral to neutral
lawyercowboy
neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral . alex positive hpositive neutral the neutral of the
intensifier you negative izzi to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral and positive pounds heavier than izzi neutral neutral neutral ? when izzi diminisher neutral him neutral the your hnegative positive neutral
neutral multiquestion positive neutral 's goooo . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral hpositive .
the neutral positive neutral positive . neutral positive and neutral . the hnegative gifts positive neutral the neutral and neutral negator negative anymore , neutral neutral neutral
neutral pikachu neutral jackets
alex throws negative neutral neutral for izzi to negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive positive negator the neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that
izzi intensifier neutral fights with emotions , that positive neutral neutral started the neutral with whittaker neutral the neutral positive things intensifier neutral could neutral himself into neutral neutral with him .
izzi neutral neutral bitchy positive thi dure the brunson and neutral neutral ups
neutral neutral , neutral of neutral neutral , izzi has neutral of the largest gaps neutral neutral positive and neutral likeability . neutral could neutral negative neutral neutral if neutral positive negator the *fucking worst* .
neutral neutral positive what that neutral
neutral neutral what neutral neutral from . neutral negative , negative and looks positive neutral snowboard neutral . neutral positive negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral izzi has diminisher negative neutral if neutral positive diminisher negative
that positive negative hpositive neutral
negator hnegative , neutral if anyon positive using neutral neutral gotta neutral him . how the fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral into the neutral neutral
neutral him hnegative .
positive neutral neutral neutral , the neutral negative neutral has to him neutral mma neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral where neutral diminisher neutral neutral negative and negative neutral points intensifier neutral “ negative ” implies neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral makes negator positive when you neutral neutral how the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral with the neutral kicks and neutral neutral hnegative they positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral with neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive guaranteed to neutral neutral you guys neutral negative neutral when you positive shit positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative lol
that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to morons neutral iv neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier iv lol . and if neutral neutral that hpositive , positive neutral hasn't usada neutral the ufc neutral neutral punished neutral for neutral ? gyno neutral that seems to neutral neutral weeks neutral neutral neutral positive scheduled positive positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral positive positive negative of articles with that neutral neutral from ali negative . neutral neutral , neutral neutral someth that positive positive , someth that neutral neutral neutral positive to negative neutral . the neutral neutral anyth that neutral the neutral negative gyno of izzi
neutral positive negator neutral that neutral that positive positive . everyth neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit . and neutral positive neutral negator neutral that neutral cheated . intensifier positive , neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive what neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral you hnegative tits .
neutral neutral you neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of antidepressants , which izzi positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive that shit neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral lmk if neutral neutral neutral with that
negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of hnegative neutral neutral
> negator hnegative neutral you neutral neutral downvoted . ummm multistop duh ? neutral positive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral defending izzi , neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral dure neutral . the neutral hnegative neutral to neutral that positive becaus neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , and the neutral neutral reddit neutral positive negator neutral to positive that neutral the intensifier hpositive neutral of him defending izzi .
neutral gonna neutral neutral ?
the hnegative neutral him and holloway positive pereira positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral positive neutral guys neutral neutral neutral than volkanovski positive . neutral neutral positive vettori has the hpositive to neutral pereira , and positive izzi positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>similar to neutral neutral holloway neutral negative . neutral hpositive . if pereira wins neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral moves neutral neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier adesanya could neutral that neutral neutral intensifier negative . if neutral positive positive negative to neutral neutral neutral against pereira neutral having neutral hpositive positive of neutral negative neutral multistop hpositive hnegative what neutral neutral negative would neutral to him positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would hpositive neutral .
my neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral my hnegative that neutral neutral to positive them neutral neutral they started neutral hnegative hpositive accusations neutral their opponents neutral hnegative , neutral started to neutral them . thi neutral positive intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral negator hnegative what your positive positive positive . and positive they neutral negator neutral , neutral that positive hnegative to my neutral .
seems positive the hpositive neutral to hpositive if they neutral neutral neutral has that neutral happened neutral ? neutral negative fights with the neutral neutral fighters ?
neutral intensifier positive positive when neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral shit neutral of neutral neutral neutral with neutral kinds of excuses . neutral positive positive neutral the hnegative neutral negative . hpositive neutral the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral where neutral the positive neutral neutral positive someth to neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral thi

neutral intensifier neutral alex invested neutral neutral kicks which compromised neutral legs and negative him hpositive for neutral .
negator , neutral neutral neutral the iv neutral helwani 's neutral . neutral positive negator absolved , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
volk mentioned neutral neutral helwani which neutral recorded neutral neutral 's positive . lol
neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral which positive neutral neutral to the neutral / volk neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . > negative positive , neutral positive hpositive neutral negative iv to rehydr . what positive the “ neutral neutral negative ” neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral sinc thi neutral exists . neutral neutral the neutral neutral you neutral , neutral positive intensifier clarifying neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator accusing alex of anyth neutral . neutral neutral negator positive how you positive neutral that neutral
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral thi subreddit positive neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral experts . neutral positive downvoted to shit for positive ganes neutral neutral diminisher negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral . if neutral with neutral phd neutral negative neutral neutral neutral sciences that neutral neutral steroids claimed that positive what positive neutral to izzi neutral positive positive them neutral neutral picking images hnegative google to hpositive to izzi positive neutral becaus you neutral positive hpositive gyno pictures pre and neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral positive neutral .

neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral to neutral himself and neutral the neutral shots
copium ? intensifier of hpositive casuals these neutral neutral neutral , casuals neutral , numbers don't ! looks positive izzi negative neutral neutral rounds neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral until the neutral . the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral pereira positive dropped and hpositive neutral the neutral . gg ez
positive , neutral neutral hnegative you could neutral the neutral with neutral neutral fights how to hpositive neutral himself positive tips
thi intensifier neutral , how positive that neutral upvoted ? and neutral neutral of their kickboxing fights izzi dropped alex negative .
alex neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral the neutral that neutral the neutral negative and neutral neutral negator defending himself . izzi neutral negative neutral that neutral has positive overhyped
that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
positive , becaus neutral negative to neutral izzi neutral to negative the neutral neutral neutral costs from negative neutral neutral . if izzi neutral diminisher neutral him neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral ) , positive neutral neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral to someth neutral neutral neutral ticki neutral bullshit . neutral positive positive neutral hpositive to thi neutral . neutral ( and the neutral of positive ) would neutral neutral ought to neutral sth hpositive .
sheesh alex positive neutral to neutral hpositive positive than izzi positive to nate vs conor .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus pereira 's neutral positive negative neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral plays negative neutral games and to neutral positive izzi has neutral positive positive . positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral demeanour neutral of neutral positive intensifier hpositive
neutral and neutral neutral that neutral you neutral to positive thi positive hpositive . izzi neutral hpositive until the neutral that neutral him neutral neutral neutral to mma and tko'd him neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral . that positive positive to hnegative bigly .
neutral has positive instagram followers intensifier diminisher neutral neutral buying what neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral positive thi neutral if you neutral neutral youtube diminisher than hpositive neutral neutral conferences when neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral seems negative . usman , franci , volk , and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of him . y'all hpositive neutral freaked neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative .
neutral neutral negator positive him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral negator negative how negative neutral positive . neutral has neutral negative neutral neutral .
usman positive the neutral
to the neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral of thi subreddit neutral positive intensifier neutral liked . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral of followers and neutral youtube videos positive neutral neutral of the neutral positive amongst mma stars . negative , neutral him and whittaker neutral negative hpositive terms neutral . thi subreddit has neutral positive neutral negative hnegative for the neutral . that neutral negator neutral neutral positive the 'fucking hnegative ' .
negator jon neutral ? neutral cringey shit positive hnegative than what jon neutral has neutral ?
redditor negative hnegative for izzi positive neutral neutral neutral rn . intensifier neutral with hnegative narratives & neutral negative evaluations of neutral positive neutral .
okay neutral would you neutral the neutral of ivs if your neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ivs multiquestion negator you hpositive positive " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ivs , neutral of neutral " . you neutral negator hpositive neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive ?
that devolved intensifier neutral .
> ummm….duh ? neutral positive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral defending izzi , positive that what you neutral downvotes neutral for ? you neutral you neutral neutral to downvote neutral neutral has neutral hpositive hnegative than you ? intensifier neutral how neutral you neutral neutral neutral .

positive 's hpositive neutral excuses to neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao
that gyno positive hnegative
neutral positive thi neutral intensifier , neutral you for neutral the neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral with what you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral - neutral into neutral that neutral rehydrated via iv with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral , neutral ) that positive banned iv rehydr intensifier and neutral neutral neutral intensifier than the hours negative ( neutral neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral ) neutral neutral ali 's neutral neutral that neutral neutral deleted… neutral positive positive alex positive neutral neutral to neutral annoyed . neutral positive everyth stacked against him neutral into thi neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral thi ? the ckb boys neutral neutral hnegative toward neutral for thi neutral they positive hpositive neutral their neutral . hpositive to positive they positive whinging from negative outsiders neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral from their neutral of neutral . neutral of their neutral diminisher neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral hours they hpositive neutral that neutral neutral diminisher fuckery neutral negative . neutral positive neutral guys and neutral camps - neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral tarnished intensifier neutral neutral empathise with how they would've neutral . neutral should've positive nicer to you neutral , neutral positive negator positive you iv rehydrated and hnegative neutral neutral the neutral .
figueiredo and moreno neutral eachother neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , moreno positive neutral intensifier neutral , and positive hnegative eachother neutral neutral neutral . figueiredo has neutral moreno neutral neutral negative fights , neutral positive negative .
neutral positive positive positive neutral positive neutral with pena and nunes rn
neutral neutral gonna positive neutral and dc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dc neutral neutral
neutral of the comments neutral : neutral : neutral izzi , neutral : trashing neutral for neutral negator , neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral . diminisher ppl neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to the paddy-gordon neutral

welllllllll derek from intensifier plates intensifier dates neutral it….soooooo ummmm akward
neutral my neutral , negator rewatching neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral hnegative strikes to the neutral , neutral and neutral with the neutral neutral him neutral , positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative hooks to the neutral from negative negative neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , which hpositive neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral having neutral hands neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that copium neutral
pereira negator positive dropped and neutral neutral neutral into the neutral . neutral if they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive minutes neutral and izzi neutral would've neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
positive that neutral my neutral . izzi has negative neutral . neutral neutral intensifier rocked neutral neutral negator defending himself neutral neutral and hpositive neutral shots , with neutral hands positive neutral neutral negator neutral positive lmao .
lol nahhhh
becaus neutral positive intensifier hpositive . negator neutral positive arguing negative . neutral hpositive happens to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral , intensifier . neutral neutral hnegative intensifier negative and " negative " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mispronouncing neutral names and neutral neutral neutral neutral predictions . negative neutral , neutral izzi positive intensifier hnegative neutral gives neutral neutral spasms .
usman neutral positive intensifier likeable neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral dunno , the izzi neutral neutral defenders neutral intensifier negative negative . neutral positive neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral farts of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral shit and playing intensifier positive
you neutral neutral , and that positive neutral that matters
becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier what neutral neutral neutral to positive " you're accusing him of neutral positive , neutral of neutral . " neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral neutral positive hnegative if you negative to neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral you neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral when thi alleged iv neutral neutral neutral ? positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? idk neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive diminisher positive bitches .
neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
y'all neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lmfao , negative neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier with neutral .
> neutral into neutral that neutral rehydrated via iv with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral , neutral ) that positive banned iv rehydr intensifier and neutral neutral neutral intensifier than the hours negative ( neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral with you ( and them ) neutral if neutral neutral neutral positive of hpositive neutral of thi . and neutral that they neutral negator opened neutral negative neutral hnegative with the neutral neutral neutral months , neutral positive they neutral negator neutral . >i should've positive nicer to you neutral , neutral positive negator positive you iv rehydrated and hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral with you , iv neutral negator iv , when you neutral negative , you neutral hnegative .
neutral shit neutral neutral positive neutral him lol
lol you rewatching the negative neutral you intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier if they neutral negator neutral the neutral izzi neutral neutral , positive neutral hpositive positive tips
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral you neutral neutral him , neutral your cheetos and neutral him neutral lmao
likeable
intensifier neutral neutral their with strickland for " talks positive neutral positive gonna negative the neutral positive neutral fights "
positive you positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive izzi fights neutral negator negative to neutral becaus of neutral diminisher duds positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral whittaker fights positive hpositive , gastelum neutral positive neutral of the positive of neutral neutral , neutral neutral fights neutral to whittaker positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral hpositive , the alex neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . and thi neutral neutral positive neutral negative
neutral neutral , neutral , neutral positive intensifier negator neutral for him to neutral against hnegative iv neutral unless neutral neutral ivs & neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . positive what would neutral neutral the neutral of him arguing neutral the neutral of iv neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ivs ? hpositive positive thi , becaus neutral makes intensifier negator hpositive positive .
you neutral neutral my neutral neutral . that positive prob neutral neutral deleted the neutral neutral positive . positive the neutral >at thi neutral , you neutral neutral positive thi positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral sinc makhachev neutral negator neutral neutral negative i.v. , neutral ? neutral , if you neutral to neutral neutral neutral the statements from makhachev 's neutral , you neutral neutral negator neutral has neutral the words , “ neutral makhachev neutral negator neutral negative i.v. ” >but , neutral positive neutral deeper than that : intensifier of neutral commissions neutral flat-out banned the neutral of i.v. neutral . commissions positive the neutral of neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral . and ufc neutral neutral neutral perth , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral perth the neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral negative until neutral realized that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , hpositive neutral positive neutral issues if neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negator from islams neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative iv neutral neutral hpositive multiquestion
hey positive
you neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that causes neutral to hang negative . thi positive neutral from neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral years neutral bodybuilders , powerlifters , and strongman competitors . > negative neutral neutral legit negator heard of anyon neutral to neutral hnegative gyno neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
you negator neutral positive
if they positive intensifier neutral they positive neutral neutral titties , that positive negator what neutral developed neutral looks positive .
lmao hpositive neutral the neutral + highlights neutral negative of hpositive . that neutral positive neutral neutral .
how neutral you neutral neutral izzi neutral ?
neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral negator neutral
negator neutral neutral positive hpositive negative . neutral negator positive neutral the overdeveloped neutral neutral that hpositive happened neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral bro .
neutral positive hpositive the neutral , bro
neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral positive what you neutral negative neutral lol .
the genshin neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral , neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral you neutral neutral alex
ah positive your r/nba neutral qualifies you to negative neutral hpositive .
positive , the neutral neutral understands neutral " hpositive and neutral neutral " positive positive the neutral neutral mistakes gyno for " negative neutral neutral " lmao
lmao gottem
neutral positive neutral to neutral jorg intensifier positive . hnegative of the neutral that neutral positive neutral positive positive , negator neutral should neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and hpositive neutral jorg . neutral has neutral hpositive skills hnegative neutral outworked and manhandled neutral neutral neutral neutral masvidal neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive burns neutral neutral hnegative neutral and that positive positive what you should neutral for and neutral negative for neutral neutral threats , diminisher than hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral how diminisher ufc fighters intensifier neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral and neutral tapes positive intensifier hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral . diminisher ufc fighters hpositive neutral neutral neutral and how to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral underrated neutral of the neutral . neutral of the positive champions neutral negative into neutral neutral . gsp neutral talks neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral would neutral the " neutral neutral " of fighters to neutral their neutral neutral and how bj penn positive the positive neutral would neutral and neutral neutral that neutral to gameplan against bj . the neutral that burns positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive speaks neutral to neutral chances and negator overlooking jorg 's strengths .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral yanez — neutral thinks hnegative fighters neutral negative for negator neutral neutral
self-awareness . neutral hnegative neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral for hnegative . tbh , neutral would negator positive neutral negative neutral neutral of hpositive how hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral vs neutral my neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive asshole neutral intensifier neutral .
gsp , khabib and jon neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral seems to neutral positive .
burns positive seems intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral . negator positive neutral jorg neutral neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral for masvidal . masvidals neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral that burns hnegative hnegative him , neutral that positive negator neutral
neutral positive neutral . masvidal positive neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral hpositive happens to hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . the setups for neutral strikes neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral and slips neutral underrated , and neutral has neutral of the positive neutral kicks neutral the neutral
neutral neutral alot of neutral studying and with my diminisher neutral , neutral notes and if neutral , neutral positive negator neutral negative amature neutral , neutral positive to neutral the neutral that neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative of squabbles that neutral positive , hnegative neutral neutral neutral with coaches . neutral hpositive that burns positive positive neutral neutral neutral , masvidal neutral positive positive into the studying neutral
im neutral of neutral 's scouts . neutral the wonderboy neutral , neutral punched himself neutral the neutral . positive hnegative .
negator hnegative negative . hpositive neutral neutral
when damian neutral raves neutral your bjj , neutral multistop you neutral negator hnegative that neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral if jorg neutral negator neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral performing neutral neutral positive negative , neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral . we positive neutral if neutral positive
my neutral positive whenev neutral neutral gives positive to neutral negative neutral the neutral , neutral means they neutral neutral to intensifier neutral that negative . neutral neutral mayweather neutral to positive the neutral that mcgregor positive neutral chance…
" smarter than neutral neutral " positive negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral hander
neutral makes neutral hnegative when fighters pre neutral neutral the neutral “ neutral negator positive neutral what they neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral my abilities ” etc . bruz you should neutral hnegative neutral what they neutral neutral , you should neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral , you should neutral the shit neutral of them . neutral what neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral the fryers neutral pf changs
neutral neutral intensifier negative for thi neutral . to fighters neutral neutral neutral positive and hpositive neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral that negative and neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral for masvidal and hnegative for burns neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral intensifier hnegative and positive hpositive hpositive enpugh neutral everyth to hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . the neutral neutral intensifier neutral for hpositive neutral neutral vegas neutral positive neutral of neutral negator brainer neutral to neutral my neutral neutral . burns positive hittabl , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when the neutral positive negator neutral neutral and hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral tapped . negative how everyon says hpositive positive negative neutral neutral positive neutral and they neutral diminisher the neutral neutral negative . gonna neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral negator the coaches neutral to neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral jorg neutral negator knocked neutral . neutral neutral ( neutral and neutral ) positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral thi neutral : gamebred has neutral neutral against the neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral fights . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive mentioned neutral if neutral loses thi neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral the boats . the neutral knows what positive neutral neutral and neutral positive negator the neutral to neutral positive . neutral him and att to neutral neutral , positive neutral and neutral for neutral negative becaus neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral rounds .
neutral neutral negator neutral jorg positive smarter than neutral neutral . neutral positive negative af . neutral positive positive hpositive hands neutral .
hpositive thi neutral . neutral hpositive neutral masvidal neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the guys neutral neutral hnegative neutral with negator negative neutral - burns should neutral the positive favourite , neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral positive positive the burns we neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive could neutral the hnegative .
negator to neutral neutral the feet hpositive fights positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral shitting neutral masvidal . the neutral 's negative neutral positive against the negator . neutral and the multi-year neutral , and neutral positive , negator neutral expected neutral usman neutral positive . neutral anyon neutral negative to neutral into the neutral with usman and covington ?
negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral . to neutral positive burns diminisher positive usman neutral of neutral . neutral positive positive him neutral for minutes . neutral neutral neutral to neutral khamzat negative . burns positive the neutral underrated neutral
thi subreddit neutral underrated jorg becaus neutral positive neutral neutral whose neutral positive negator positive . neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive neutral positive dedicated to neutral positive .
anybodi neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral they hpositive to positive neutral
neutral masvidal could neutral burns neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral anymore .
negator positive neutral masvidal neutral , and neutral hpositive burns neutral and neutral neutral . that neutral neutral , neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral
neutral the masvidal-cowboy neutral , the commentators mentioned that neutral watches intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral opponents , and neutral neutral coaches neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral multistop that shit blew my positive . how neutral you gonna neutral neutral the negative negative of the neutral and negator neutral your opponents becaus you wanna neutral hnegative / positive you neutral negator neutral , intensifier negative . jon neutral has the neutral positive
hnegative , neutral neutral neutral " neutral mma neutral neutral positive neutral neutral " positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral has to neutral with neutral styles . if you neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral studying neutral positive diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral and for neutral of these guys if they positive hpositive neutral neutral they would negator neutral ufc fighters . neutral positive hpositive for them if they neutral hpositive positive neutral what positive neutral neutral of them and neutral the neutral neutral them neutral . positive how diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral to instructions and positive negative positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral and having you neutral them neutral they neutral neutral .
the neutral ones neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral their opponents neutral of neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , cejudo , and gsp . gsp neutral neutral using neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
shit neutral hpositive trane the neutral neutral positive negator positive the dudes gonna neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral defending their neutral , that you neutral neutral neglecting to neutral your neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for charli olives , bc neutral negative says neutral positive negator rewatch neutral positive negative . how neutral you neutral from your failures if you neutral to hnegative and neutral from them ?
for diminisher opponents , intensifier positive negative , you neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral of your negative hnegative hnegative hpositive fighters . neutral hnegative neutral could neutral neutral to neutral intimidated . depends neutral neutral the neutral and their negative .
how neutral you hpositive neutral their neutral ?
neutral negative . you intensifier neutral negator positive , my neutral .
neutral fighters should neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . they neutral neutral the neutral neutral and moves neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of petr yan neutral neutral positive positive neutral would neutral neutral of those kinds of fighters that watches negator neutral .
neutral positive neutral jon neutral , gsp and khabib neutral seemed positive negative anomalies - they positive neutral neutral preparing for what their opponents could neutral , and how to neutral them positive and neutral their neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral
jon neutral gotta neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral intensifier cyber neutral ciryl neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop intensifier fighters neutral thi from neutral to neutral
> gsp neutral talks neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral would neutral the " neutral neutral " of fighters dawg neutral ain't neutral neutral tekken neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for that negative ( tto neutral neutral )
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral would positive they negator neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that the neutral negator negative to neutral themselv neutral overthink things . neutral neutral my hnegative neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral , neutral positive studying for neutral positive . im positive neutral mma for neutral neutral neutral , and someth neutral noticed neutral negator intensifier talked neutral neutral how neutral neutral punches . the neutral neutral neutral throws neutral neutral negator seems to neutral , neutral if they neutral camps . neutral neutral neutral of neutral fighters positive keith jardine neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral that negator changed neutral their positive careers . if neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral could neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral , neutral they positive hands , if neutral what happens ? , etc . , , etc .
neutral the neutral diminisher fighters neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive and neutral hnegative to neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral the responses they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral and neutral to positive if the hnegative neutral has neutral changes neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral hnegative coaches neutral neutral talked to positive neutral positive neutral to neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral detracts . diminisher guys neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral others neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral guys hpositive neutral their neutral and coaches neutral and neutral them .
> bj penn positive the positive neutral would neutral and neutral neutral that neutral to gameplan against bj neutral woulda positive that you needed to neutral 'frame data' to neutral neutral with the hnegative neutral of using neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral if the neutral themselv neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative they should neutral scouts to neutral the neutral .
hnegative having neutral neutral how the neutral you neutral intensifier neutral to neutral fights and negator checking neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral hpositive positive positive neutral neutral for the diminisher fighters that neutral neutral becaus the neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive diminisher fighters neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral knocked neutral and we hpositive negator neutral neutral their neutral strategies
looks positive you neutral positive neutral jorg
neutral neutral you neutral gotta neutral the neutral neutral neutral that
you tellin neutral you neutral your enemies with neutral neutral , filming their neutral neutral . positive positive hours neutral that neutral neutral and neutral until your positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . waited until the neutral neutral to negative . positive neutral that negative with the hpositive neutral the neutral arby 's multiquestion intensifier badass neutral .
shit neutral negative lol
you neutral their responses negative intensifier .
you heard of kamaru usman ?
neutral neutral neutral burns' positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . covington held neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative and jorg looked hnegative , wherea against neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to standup and neutral neutral to neutral . neutral my hnegative burns' neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral wishes to impliment neutral hpositive neutral gameplan .
>i hpositive neutral masvidal neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral assaulted neutral
neutral neutral neutral jorg positive neutral with neutral punches and frustraing burns neutral neutral heaves positive neutral hooks .
hpositive . neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive burns' hands positive neutral to neutral neutral their positive to neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral if neutral positive neutral to positive neutral the td neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral losses neutral hpositive neutral decisions . intensifier neutral neutral coulda shoulda woulda positive hpositive .
fuck neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral .
negative of neutral neutral , usman hpositive neutral beats them and covington refuses to neutral anyon neutral hnegative neutral positive if neutral positive negator for neutral neutral . positive positive jorg has to hpositive wins : neutral and askren . neutral neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and overrated neutral neutral neutral
diminisher positive “ mma ” fans . neutral intensifier of the haters positive neutral neutral neutral masvidals neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral to positive invested into fighters . negative
neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral kid intensifier of hpositive when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral " neutral " neutral positive intensifier neutral negative . colby intensifier memed neutral into neutral . neutral positive darren elkins positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral diminisher semi-quality wins neutral neutral neutral and hang neutral . jorg positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier positive ones . negator hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral heard neutral fighters positive that their coaches neutral neutral and neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral anyth . neutral negative neutral hpositive to neutral that neutral neutral and neutral neutral their coaches neutral neutral negator neutral my neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral negator having positive neutral neutral neutral your negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral negator became neutral hnegative having the positive positive to neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral diaz negative neutral when the neutral neutral neutral to ferguson happened neutral neutral neutral toni neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
that neutral negator neutral my positive becaus of the neutral that neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral upfront neutral negator intensifier caring neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator gonna neutral neutral .
cerrone positive neutral of the neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive intensifier negator positive neutral neutral
intensifier negative imo . you neutral neutral cejudo watches neutral fuck neutral of neutral and neutral intensifier notices tendencies and shit and highlights strengths and weaknesses and openings neutral . neutral neutral noticed diminisher of the things neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral him positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive to neutral validated and negator hpositive neutral diminisher steven seagal shit lmao . neutral o'malley vs yan when neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive noticed yan neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative when neutral positive neutral that and positive neutral neutral . neutral positive that positive what neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral , the neutral neutral of neutral and neutral neutral adjustments and reactions
neutral : neutral positive struggles with negative when neutral into the neutral , neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive . intensifier neutral lies and says neutral positive negative negative for neutral when neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral masvidal neutral neutral positive neutral to them neutral him neutral . if you neutral the neutral of the masvidal neutral , masvidal neutral neutral to neutral and tells him “ neutral you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ”
you neutral negator negative your fighters neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator heard of jorg . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral planning ( which neutral neutral negator neutral cerrone neutral neutral neutral ) positive neutral positive okay . neutral chiesa hpositive positive neutral neutral the helwani neutral to what everyon says neutral when fighters neutral neutral . neutral positive himself psyched neutral neutral the luque neutral becaus neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the positive neutral to neutral neutral positive to hpositive the tendencies you neutral neutral to positive and neutral neutral neutral those .
my neutral neutral for that positive that neutral wanted to neutral hpositive to neutral neutral . if neutral scouted neutral negative , neutral would neutral to positive neutral neutral to them . if neutral finds that neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral the negative 's positive vs neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral him positive if neutral for neutral diminisher neutral seconds . neutral if neutral neutral neutral negative neutral strikes neutral negative throws , neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral . these neutral hpositive guesses , neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral himself would've positive hpositive
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the negative negative and neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral
negator neutral neutral to neutral negative and negator neutral neutral becaus you positive neutral positive neutral positive of your neutral neutral neutral hpositive things .
neutral hnegative neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral to the coaches . negative neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of negative and positive neutral for neutral the neutral neutral and neutral him negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral negative you neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral ends neutral playing against you
neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral noticed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral started neutral against him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that and neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral .
>how diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral to instructions and positive negative positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral and having you neutral them neutral they neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier intensifier negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral of these
nah neutral positive neutral for neutral players . if you neutral negator hpositive to neutral the games and neutral them to the smallest details positive your coaches neutral intensifier you hpositive your neutral . neutral of the neutral players hpositive to neutral neutral neutral to the smallest details positive messi neutral
neutral hnegative that neutral intensifier hpositive for the neutral neutral . gsp neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral the neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral you and your negative . positive and neutral the negative posed neutral your tendencies and positive your negative 's . neutral diminisher fighters neutral negator neutral the negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral iq to hpositive neutral of thi neutral of neutral , neutral if they neutral neutral positive neutral positive .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral embedded . neutral neutral the neutral shows them diminisher things neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral .
positive , diminisher bro .
the hnegative neutral positive that neutral uses youtube to neutral neutral neutral . ufc positive negative negative to neutral neutral neutral for their neutral fighters .
when neutral neutral neutral him neutral fifa and positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral tyson neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral opponents . neutral positive quoted neutral neutral multistop > “ neutral neutral him . neutral neutral him neutral the neutral the positive neutral intensifier we neutral neutral the neutral neutral we neutral neutral into the neutral . neutral neutral neutral them neutral my neutral neutral neutral and when neutral neutral to my neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral until they neutral neutral neutral . “
that positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral fights .
neutral the diminisher occasions jon neutral negator hpositive neutral shit to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative fighters hnegative , neutral gives positive neutral . neutral understands the neutral positive diminisher , would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
if neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral into that , intensifier with neutral ipad neutral neutral , lt breakdowns underrated
neutral should positive neutral neutral , although from the fighters neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral for you . diminisher than you risking to overthink things , positive the neutral helps you neutral to positive , neutral to hnegative your weaknesses etc .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral of neutral punches and neutral neutral hands ( sinc we neutral negative neutral that neutral . ) neutral hpositive how neutral of neutral neutral and neutral positive to neutral with hackleman having neutral fighters neutral neutral the woods with neutral wheelbarrows haha . neutral , neutral neutral negative the neutral that positive they " don't neutral neutral " neutral having their coaches neutral neutral for them . neutral intensifier they neutral negator positive negative neutral neutral adapting to their opponents gameplan vs . implementing their neutral ? neutral would neutral negative if negator neutral neutral positive neutral .
intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive positive guys neutral neutral negator neutral that positive of neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative hnegative . if they neutral positive to hpositive neutral for that hnegative with diminisher hnegative talents neutral negative neutral neutral the goats of mma neutral neutral . jon neutral , gsp , positive neutral , volkanovski neutral neutral intensifier neutral focused . although neutral neutral prob neutral intensifier of neutral and neutral neutral negative fighters neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral specialists that hpositive them neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
diminisher guys positive neutral hpositive to neutral the coaches sinc they neutral the gameplan and everyth , neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral , positive negator neutral ? positive , what neutral the cons of neutral neutral checking neutral the neutral yourself ?
neutral neutral neutral how jon neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral opponents neutral intensifier that when the neutral neutral , neutral knows which combos they positive and how they neutral to hnegative punches and which positions theyr hpositive neutral etc— if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negator negative to negator neutral that negative of neutral
hnegative positive you hpositive hpositive neutral how neutral neutral neutral prepares for neutral neutral
ironic
you positive neutral downvoted neutral you neutral neutral . positive for neutral factors neutral neutral positive cases neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral and positive to biased conclusions .
negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to positive you neutral neutral , neutral diminisher that neutral neutral hpositive . you could hnegative neutral neutral of positive neutral the neutral that those neutral neutral neutral hnegative fights . you neutral cardio ? neutral neutral neutral neutral cardio hnegative fights . you neutral your neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative fights .
neutral neutral , neutral positive jumped neutral negative arby 's neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral that positive positive neutral neutral neutral .
that positive neutral neutral neutral “ neutral ” …past neutral .
neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral " neutral " negator hasn't neutral
neutral neutral masvidal 's neutral instincts neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral that 'old' mindset neutral positive . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral positive himself to neutral the positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral offence and jiu jitsu positive neutral neutral neutral neutral when the negative intensifier presents openings , positive you - and neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral you neutral to hpositive those openings neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral . hnegative negative neutral neutral that neutral has diminisher hnegative hnegative neutral that we neutral to neutral neutral neutral fights . neutral you neutral jorg 's neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative for burns ? neutral positive neutral to positive if neutral positive tools neutral neutral and neutral neutral 'calf kick' and neutral masvidal neutral neutral neutral knows how to neutral kicks with the positive of them ( i.e. cerrone neutral ) .
positive when the neutral positive announced neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral burns positive gonna steamroll him and neutral / positive him . neutral neutral neutral neutral jorg 's neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral fights .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive the " neutral neutral neutral positive positive negator negative hnegative positive " neutral .
diaz and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral " hpositive wins " ?
>askren how tf neutral you hnegative neutral neutral vs neutral neutral positive that askren neutral neutral legit hpositive positive ?
masvidal has neutral intensifier than to hpositive wins if you neutral positive than the neutral years
neutral neutral , neutral jorg looked intensifier neutral against colby . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral positive to the ufc , neutral positive neutral of the neutral underrated technicians neutral . neutral muay neutral neutral the neutral of mma imo , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral from that neutral . neutral reactions positive neutral neutral the colby neutral , unless neutral to neutral neutral , fighters hpositive negator neutral that neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral him to neutral burns negator negative , neutral neutral positive negator that neutral anymore . positive the neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral : neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral positive " neutral positive neutral when neutral throws neutral neutral neutral " than to positive neutral and neutral patterns neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral that neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral . shows that neutral neutral neutral levels ufc fighters neutral positive . the ufc champs of the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative than of fighters we neutral positive .
hnegative neutral that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral negative neutral has to neutral with egos and how they neutral themselv neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral helwani . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral . neutral you neutral neutral positive positive that neutral neutral neutral , neutral . the positive of the positive neutral neutral and the others hpositive neutral coached . neutral positive hpositive that mma and neutral neutral neutral intensifier individualized that we neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral . hnegative hnegative neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral you . you neutral neutral to neutral neutral from positive neutral neutral them neutral neutral them . neutral positive negator positive you neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negative fighters , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral intensifier hnegative to negator neutral psyched neutral , negator negative how neutral you neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hated the neutral neutral of neutral . you neutral neutral him neutral neutral when fighters neutral negator neutral that " positive neutral " vibe and neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative . negator picking neutral him , hpositive neutral , neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral adjustments becaus intensifier neutral neutral fighters neutral negative to the neutral neutral neutral when neutral him .
yep . that neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral toni neutral neutral neutral nate diminisher tells .
neutral , neutral neutral toni positive hnegative has positive overstated . nate positive neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral 's neutral . intensifier neutral positive for neutral neutral positive jinglang
bryce neutral says neutral positive neutral you hnegative the neutral of the neutral for negative donald .
cejudo 's neutral neutral neutral neutral youtube positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral . him and jon neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral adjustments , imo .
neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral mentioned neutral neutral neutral jre when they positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral jackson-wink neutral neutral someth neutral the lines of " they could neutral him neutral neutral , positive cowboys scared of neutral " and that positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative from them .
neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral tasks that negator neutral positive explained negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator negative how the neutral learns things neutral diminisher cases . you neutral neutral gonna neutral to neutral them with neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral thru neutral .
neutral the brightside : neutral into neutral neutral ufc neutral
hnegative neutral to neutral your neutral neutral lol
gotta positive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative when , neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral screenshot neutral someth positive that of neutral negative neutral highlights neutral neutral youtube neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier of hpositive shit neutral hpositive neutral to neutral lmao
lmfaooooo intensifier hnegative
positive negative neutral that would negator neutral negative positive with neutral cba . hpositive neutral to the neutral .
would negator neutral surprised if thi intensifier has to neutral with them neutral contractors , the intensifier perks you neutral them the neutral they negative them neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral that guys should neutral to neutral neutral . hnegative if negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral they positive playing . if positive brady neutral “ negator my neutral watches the neutral and neutral tells neutral where the guys neutral neutral to neutral ” hey neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral positive that , neutral neutral positive neutral positive that you neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to that neutral . if neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive negator neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral that diminisher fighters could neutral over-involved neutral neutral , overthinking things and distracting themselv from their neutral positive , intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher fighters hpositive to neutral *most* of the neutral neutral to their coaches multistop neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral *all* the neutral neutral to them . neutral neutral hnegative , positive " neutral neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi " , neutral positive you neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral the neutral neutral neutral your neutral explains what they neutral neutral ? you neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral things neutral to hpositive hnegative you positive what your neutral positive negative neutral ! neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral negative . when you neutral someth neutral , you neutral intensifier hnegative with neutral , and you positive safer neutral neutral neutral . when you neutral positive neutral somethings hnegative , you hpositive neutral intensifier scared . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral fighters would neutral neutral from having neutral positive their negative *before* neutral neutral the neutral with them neutral neutral , *even if* they neutral negator positive to neutral anyth neutral from the neutral . hpositive neutral yourself intensifier neutral with your negative positive hpositive you positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , which ( neutral limits ) positive hpositive you neutral hpositive neutral .
positive . and if you neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of yourself and opponents positive neutral .
hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and mma fighters positive they should negator . hpositive sounds positive intensifier negative from the fighters . what positive thi , intensifier neutral , the neutral positive hnegative for neutral neutral
google survivorship hnegative
neutral neutral the usman neutral happened neutral the neutral negative , you neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral using the neutral neutral . you could've neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of negator neutral knocked neutral
what
neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral of neutral losses arguably neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral positive neutral positive the neutral of “ neutral wins neutral negator wins ” that positive hpositive neutral hnegative and anyon neutral thinks that positive neutral negative
neutral regards to the neutral ww neutral ? negator cerrone and diaz neutral negator and neutral from neutral neutral has negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral ww neutral of the neutral " pettis neutral to him neutral koing the neutral " which neutral negative . diminisher neutral neutral ww beats nate , intensifier neutral cerrone neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive neutral and neutral should neutral neutral neutral the neutral years to hpositive that .
neutral positive against nate diaz neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive . anyon neutral with diminisher of neutral negative negator neutral positive positive to neutral into neutral with that neutral neutral winstreak neutral positive .
becaus the askren neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral and the neutral neutral neutral to years neutral that . neutral positive , neutral should neutral neutral neutral " positive " neutral to positive what neutral neutral . jorg positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral ww neutral the neutral neutral and hpositive showings against neutral and wonderboy neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and askren
neutral positive thi positive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral diminisher fights to the jorg of years neutral , neutral fights neutral " neutral " positive hendo neutral looked dialled neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the positive anymore . intensifier neutral with neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , the neutral neutral letting your coaches neutral everyth positive that you neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral their hpositive to positive what they neutral neutral , and neutral their hpositive to negative the positive neutral neutral that neutral multistop you *also* neutral to neutral their hpositive to positive what they neutral neutral to you , *and* you neutral to neutral *your* hpositive to *understand* what the neutral positive neutral you ! and positive neutral intensifier neutral that neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral yourself . that positive neutral intensifier positive neutral of neutral to neutral to neutral !
kobe ( neutral ) positive the neutral neutral . that neutral neutral negator neutral negative when neutral neutral to maximizing neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral espn+ neutral hpositive neutral nerd 's neutral to neutral .
neutral positive neutral nerves neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral . your neutral positive . neutral neutral to neutral the holes neutral your opponents neutral and neutral you for neutral . if you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral you hnegative neutral neutral neutral which you positive neutral negator negative .
to neutral , that positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral for your positive , that gotta neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the diminisher details . if fighters negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral psyched neutral , they neutral should negator neutral neutral .
" neutral neutral ? negative nah , neutral 's hpositive neutral skydiving neutral hnegative neutral " - neutral neutral
toni looked intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator , positive the neutral neutral neutral changed neutral plans neutral neutral neutral neutral looked hnegative , neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral those hpositive negative and positive hnegative neutral shots and positive anyth neutral . slower , intensifier hnegative than neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral when your neutral negative positive negative ain't neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier looked shit .
neutral neutral toni prepping for negative makes your neutral hnegative . negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and if that neutral neutral toni positive neutral positive neutral .
neutral volkanovski neutral neutral . volk and cejudo neutral neutral would neutral hnegative
" and neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral to neutral kicks neutral "
neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral lol
! neutral neutral ! positive neutral neutral neutral ufc contracts includes bi-monthly venum neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive per neutral neutral , and neutral packs of neutral neutral 's neutral positive hotdog buns .
neutral positive neutral negative diminisher hpositive than neutral neutral
hnegative neutral their words neutral neutral intensifier intensifier . you neutral negator hpositive what they neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral .
what ru arguing lol . jorg positive neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral negator knocked neutral …i hpositive negative neutral would neutral neutral sinc that neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral negative neutral could neutral neutral “ …until usman ”
nate positive neutral of the neutral positive fighters neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral how " hnegative " neutral looks neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral the positive neutral and neutral neutral has the cardio to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral guys underperform against him when they should neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . what positive the neutral diaz neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral for the negative ? hnegative , neutral neutral jorg .
masvidal neutral him hpositive and intensifier dominantli than anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rda . conor neutral neutral , negative knocked him neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral hnegative until positive , neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive staggered neutral the neutral neutral , pettis positive neutral to diaz .
positive , against bendo neutral neutral neutral , neutral bendo exploited the ringcraft and positive issues that negator neutral jorg . hnegative neutral , intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral deteriorated .
intensifier when your neutral positive neutral fabia…
that positive positive neutral neutral positive of neutral . guys positive him and positive brady neutral everyth they could to positive . jon neutral positive positive that . gsp neutral positive that .
you should positive thi intensifier neutral intensifier neutral hpositive thi positive neutral neutral you neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral seems positive someth you and your neutral should neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral you positive what neutral sees and the hpositive patterns you should neutral .
neutral positive intensifier hpositive to positive that . neutral positive negator positive thi positive the neutral neutral positive positive hpositive . if neutral positive negator intensifier neutral for fighters to neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral positive nate positive neutral that
neutral neutral with you . neutral neutral neutral toni would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral against nate intensifier positive . neutral neutral to positive that toni neutral the neutral nate wanted to neutral . neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral diminisher and neutral hnegative hnegative beatings positive negator hpositive for you .
neutral neutral neutral insideeeeee
neutral has neutral negative neutral neutral neutral wins tf you negative neutral ?
positive , you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral you neutral intensifier neutral neutral of their tendencies for yourself . hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator to . neutral positive positive hnegative
neutral positive that neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral becaus neutral positive hpositive neutral guys neutral neutral to the negative of negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for you to neutral everyth . neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral , and mma positive positive neutral for neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
positive , the neutral neutral that neutral fighters neutral negative neutral rocks . fighters neutral neutral the neutral that if they neutral negator neutral the neutral , they neutral hpositive their neutral . neutral , neutral fighters neutral negator hpositive what to positive neutral for and neutral flaws and patterns .
how neutral neutral neutral hnegative losses including neutral negative neutral from neutral and neutral life-altering neutral from gaethje , and neutral career-changing neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral mma neutral that has spanned diminisher years ? neutral intensifier , they neutral looked neutral and neutral .
neutral into wars neutral ktfo neutral neutral years hnegative neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive that the neutral neutral neutral him neutral gaethje pushed him to the neutral , positive neutral 's frontkick pushed him neutral the neutral . that neutral neutral neutral hnegative and they neutral hnegative minutes neutral him neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral concussed and if you neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive . the toni neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral spins neutral neutral hnegative hnegative negative how neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive neutral to neutral positive what their neutral tells them . neutral would negator negative hnegative of the positive they neutral neutral when neutral neutral .
neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral " im neutral khabib neutral " and neutral neutral neutral neutral chinstrap neutral from aca . bisping neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive " yep , khabib neutral neutral "
neutral hpositive neutral almeida positive the neutral neutral of the negative neutral . neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral stronger and intensifier neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral negative heavyweights ( the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral and neutral against neutral positive dudes positive blaydes , aspinall , pavlovich , gane neutral neutral almeida 's neutral and negative positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator neutral those fights neutral neutral diminisher than neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral ragdolls neutral neutral to and neutral neutral negative negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations almeida negative neutral hw .
neutral hpositive almeida putting these neutral neutral heavyweights neutral neutral
what negative positive neutral gane 's neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative hnegative to thi neutral if they positive scheduled .
if you neutral neutral , you neutral neutral shamil neutral " i'm hnegative , neutral positive thi neutral neutral ” neutral neutral handcuffed .
when neutral we neutral neutral neutral
jailton positive neutral the jon neutral neutral to neutral negative mma positive negator intensifier
thi neutral positive for intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral highlights neutral and neutral him neutral neutral these behemoths positive intensifier negative
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral jonny bones matchup . neutral that neutral positive neutral hnegative positive , positive
intensifier impressed with almeida neutral thi neutral . abdurakhimov neutral negator the positive negative neutral neutral means , neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral hpositive positive and almeida hpositive destroyed him . negator neutral to neutral if neutral keeps thi neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral to
positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral ? neutral terms of negative
neutral positive positive neutral intensifier of neutral . positive neutral to neutral how neutral develops
neutral
**jailton positive neutral the neutral hw champion**
neutral positive almeida neutral hw becaus neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive moved neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative lbs heavier neutral neutral . negative to neutral how neutral , neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral
the " dagestani neutral " neutral neutral to the mma neutral positive positive negative neutral folkstyle neutral neutral than khabib neutral from dc neutral joined aka . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of chael 's videos .
abdulmanap nurmagomedov neutral neutral neutral neutral mma . we neutral neutral pieces of neutral neutral neutral the mma-grappling of diminisher neutral neutral org neutral thi neutral . and that positive neutral if we neutral neutral fighters positive khaybulaev , umar , makhachev , and izagakhmaev .
neutral neutral neutral neutral against blaydes would negator neutral intensifier neutral .
where neutral neutral neutral the info neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral sounds neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral feelings intensifier hnegative among the neutral boys .
neutral neutral negator . neutral positive positive neutral negative hnegative , and neutral positive gonna neutral neutral the neutral slobs neutral hw neutral neutral runs into neutral neutral positive neutral blaydes and gets derailed . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral him neutral everyon neutral lhw .
for what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral plans to neutral neutral negative diminisher than neutral neutral and neutral neutral lhw-hw .
shamil positive intensifier of neutral bat-dad than neutral hpositive imo
“ thi positive dagestani neutral brather . ” “ negator neutral positive negator . neutral neutral negator positive neutral everyon calls thi neutral dagestani neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral wrist-ride . ”
neutral positive that , neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral of the blades / pavlovich and neutral aspinall . would neutral goated if neutral defended for neutral neutral neutral and breaks the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral sambo for neutral years neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral folkstyle neutral . neutral chael says neutral intensifier of things that neutral would neutral with neutral negative of neutral . neutral neutral , , the neutral neutral of neutral hammerlock neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral brock neutral neutral to mir neutral their neutral neutral
neutral you , the neutral of casuals neutral positive dagestanis invented neutral positive neutral . neutral positive infuriating that neutral neutral techniques neutral neutral named neutral them becaus mma fans neutral repeating neutral .
yup . brock lesnar neutral neutral against mir . neutral neutral neutral from erik paulson .
neutral neutral positive neutral called the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral blaydes positive negative negative hpositive neutral neutral positive positive and stronger than jailton . neutral positive the hnegative matchup for jailton neutral hw . hnegative than neutral neutral .
neutral lists him neutral neutral ww for these to fights , and neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral ww negative although negator neutral neutral neutral for that neutral
what neutral you negative neutral ? neutral neutral neutral for negative johnson
neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral him negative the positive boys neutral hw becaus neutral neutral hw positive hnegative and neutral negative negative neutral smesh them brings neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral heavyweights neutral hpositive hpositive neutral lhw , im hnegative jailton neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher burgers and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral gets kod neutral guys neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral . im negator positive neutral him
neutral the mma gods !
neutral positive neutral surprised if neutral fights neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that negative , unless ngannou neutral brock neutral neutral .
positive , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral hpositive neutral of the " dagestani neutral " neutral neutral neutral archeological sites .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , including bjj . neutral neutral neutral khabib started using neutral intensifier and intensifier positive neutral that .
positive neutral intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral
and positive pummeled mir 's neutral neutral into the neutral . neutral neutral of the craziest neutral and neutral finishes
neutral negator you hpositive neutral neutral invented neutral neutral neutral dagestan ?
sounds positive blaydes vs neutral would neutral positive .
neutral and neutral missed neutral neutral neutral pounds . missed neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral . thi positive neutral intensifier of neutral loved when neutral started neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral him neutral , and neutral neutral neutral him diminisher intensifier hnegative beatings .
positive neutral neutral hpositive to you when neutral gets matched against hpositive and positive hws and they shit neutral him ? if negator , what the neutral ?
neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral positive , when you hpositive the neutral positive neutral hpositive . neutral , neutral hw positive neutral slobberknocker neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral and neutral neutral these positive dudes .
neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive intensifier hpositive . beats neutral hw 's becaus neutral hw 's neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral the neutral , intensifier if neutral neutral neutral diminisher burgers . what positive the neutral ? neutral would hpositive positive if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral negator wanna neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral that . hpositive neutral to lhw and neutral your neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral positive blaydes , neutral positive neutral neutral hw with hpositive neutral . neutral positive you neutral neutral him neutral neutral and neutral into the neutral neutral tweeting neutral positive the neutral .
negator , neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher hnegative when neutral loses neutral becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral fights . neutral neutral would positive the neutral if neutral neutral neutral lhw , and for the neutral neutral . neutral when neutral wins , him neutral intensifier neutral hw positive neutral intensifier positive for neutral lol
> neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral and neutral neutral these positive dudes . neutral and neutral ? jailton almeida has intensifier positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral fights . and neutral neutral years neutral neutral shooto neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative you hpositive what " neutral and neutral " means .
neutral neutral that khabib smesh neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral the neutral shits neutral hw , neutral positive hpositive negator that positive to neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral lhw .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
the mma neutral neutral guys neutral intensifier intensifier neutral . positive positive their neutral sinc the neutral . neutral they neutral neutral intensifier neutral for themselv neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive mma neutral points positive long-form videos . they neutral positive positive !
thi neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral to my neutral neutral neutral and intensifier enjoyed thi .
my positive neutral neutral youtube , for the neutral neutral years my neutral lets neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral when the neutral drops
thi neutral diminisher hpositive shit neutral , positive negator positive neutral neutral negative . hpositive fuck
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral allegations with neutral neutral / gf ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
negative . negative neutral . negator positive neutral neutral evented neutral neutral neutral and goldberg and neutral neutral positive neutral and the kickboxing neutral . neutral sapp neutral neutral neutral negative negative positive and negative neutral .
neutral hpositive the ufc allowed them to neutral their neutral neutral of them using stills neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral would negator neutral them to neutral neutral scrutinizing videos .
negative their videos neutral mma 's neutral neutral origins and the neutral neutral the neutral of kickboxing
tommytoeholdshow neutral neutral neutral of neutral mma neutral youtube . neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral negative mmaonpoint neutral and neutral thrilled when neutral positive neutral of neutral diaz to neutral mfer wut
neutral they neutral positive they could neutral hnegative neutral and negator hpositive stills from fights ? neutral positive to unsubscribe neutral diminisher years neutral becaus of that . loved the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator positive for neutral neutral neutral frames of neutral fights .
neutral intensifier hpositive the info , neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral sinc they neutral my neutral images .
what neutral neutral negative neutral ?
neutral hpositive neutral sapp , neutral negative the neutral of neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral says with neutral negative negative of neutral . neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive becaus they positive neutral neutral and hpositive positive hpositive secured the tv neutral , and they positive mirko and fedor . negative how intensifier negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( fighters positive incentived to roid neutral and hpositive athletes positive guaranteed to negator neutral positive neutral , yakuza gambing and neutral ) , the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative negative . the neutral neutral sapp neutral positive to hang neutral with legends positive ernesto neutral neutral the negative the neutral negative , and neutral negative 's neutral and him neutral positive hnegative positive what prompted him to neutral neutral dives positive neutral collecting paychecks for neutral neutral .

neutral neutral that they neutral mma 's pro-wrestling origins . neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive stories and characters from the neutral neutral and to neutral that hnegative becaus neutral positive pro-wrestling would neutral negative neutral hnegative and hnegative .
they neutral to , positive they positive neutral negative and positive to neutral .
neutral , that positive neutral negative . neutral neutral negator unsubscribe neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral their vids of they positive hnegative neutral , negator images .
neutral gloves positive neutral when neutral positive sapp 's neutral
neutral them and negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral yt ? neutral they negator negative neutral diminisher paperwork neutral someth ?
should neutral neutral that thi positive intensifier neutral and positive hpositive someth that neutral sapp neutral . negator to neutral , what sapp positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that starts neutral neutral hpositive neutral of views gets the ufc neutral neutral neutral them .
neutral cops neutral neutral neutral for negative fighters gloves
how neutral negator knows him for that positive ?
positive bets neutral
pereira neutral negator neutral neutral that hnegative
positive negator the neutral joe rogan neutral positive neutral neutral neutral meme ? how neutral neutral neutral youtube negator neutral neutral of spamming neutral ?
hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral reddit positive to hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral thi subreddit with " that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral you " positive neutral neutral your neutral and neutral to neutral with " you're neutral intensifier negative neutral "
burns looks intensifier neutral hpositive than hpositive
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral of masvidal 's positive neutral neutral / interviews / neutral the neutral neutral hnegative than the neutral bits intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of him neutral positive neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral vibes that neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral retires .
izzi accusing poatan of iv shenanigans . ckb hates iv
neutral neutral izzi for neutral the lavalava for the neutral folks neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral . strangest positive neutral to neutral ppv neutral neutral neutral
pereira should negative suits intensifier neutral . neutral looks positive neutral of the twins from neutral hnegative . neutral hnegative neutral neutral for him .
alex knocks him neutral neutral and neutral neutral climbs the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral which adesanya submits pereira via armbar neutral the neutral neutral . neutral your bets neutral neutral , neutral .
yanez negator neutral neutral neutral thoughts and neutral positive . hpositive neutral ! negative positive neutral mofo
neutral negator neutral positive joe pyfer neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral 's neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral the positive intensifier
these interviews neutral weigh-ins neutral to neutral hnegative for the fighters . hpositive neutral them rehydr
bro interviewing masvidal neutral neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral could neutral the neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral pez neutral
chri weidman neutral thi neutral neutral positive positive positive that intensifier negative neutral neutral circles that refutes everyth neutral positive neutral everyon positive negative neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
ima neutral negative neutral positive ! negative af burns positive neutral to neutral masvidal
lol neutral dc neutral neutral and neutral neutral hiding neutral neutral with the neutral . what neutral neutral .
prefight positive : adesanya vs pereira : neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive adesanya 's neutral neutral mma neutral intensifier neutral hpositive would neutral him to positive , and neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , becaus pereira neutral negator hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral utilized hpositive neutral when pereira neutral the neutral neutral him . you negator neutral neutral 's wrists neutral kickboxing gloves , intensifier you could neutral neutral negative pereira when neutral happened . pereira positive neutral neutral and neutral the neutral diminisher than the neutral and that neutral that . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral adesanya should neutral positive to positive thi , neutral you neutral to hpositive how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive . thi hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral of those things . yanez vs neutral : should neutral hpositive , neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral . neutral has neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral has neutral neutral of negative of neutral neutral and positive hnegative the neutral becaus neutral negative hpositive hits intensifier neutral hnegative than neutral neutral . yanez has positive neutral and neutral hands , neutral if the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if yanez wins neutral positive hpositive neutral with neutral intensifier neutral from jabs and elbows . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral yanez neutral my neutral , neutral neutral relies neutral positive neutral hpositive amouny and that neutral until neutral neutral negator neutral they positive .
masvidal positive looks to neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral
im gonna neutral shocked if izzi wins negative neutral has positive hnegative neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral the neutral
neutral positive negative that neutral of them negative that izzi has to neutral , neutral that could neutral positive the neutral neutral that contributed to him neutral slower neutral and neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral to neutral that neutral neutral rounds
pereira , lets neutral multiexclamation
hpositive positive the neutral to neutral of rockhold and neutral . that positive what happens when neutral hpositive neutral meets neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral .
" neutral when neutral frees himself from the neutral neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral " poatan pereira
positive that staph neutral steve garcias neutral ?
neutral neutral positive burns positive and negator positive
neutral the izzi negative riders neutral negator wanna positive neutral neutral their positive looks neutral . neutral the neutral of tears hahaha .
neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative these neutral diminisher neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral gonna neutral binge-eating neutral positive to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive negative to hnegative from thi neutral , neutral neutral intensifier .
negative how alex positive looked neutral diminisher diminisher neutral than izzi lol
masvidal 's schtick positive intensifier neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral to neutral when neutral hasn't " neutral neutral neutral " neutral years
neutral negative hpositive realized that positive weidman
positive izzi positive neutral neutral and pereira positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral that positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral has neutral neutral the neutral against neutral for neutral . that neutral neutral , pereira neutral neutral
neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral for shits and giggles . cents to positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral and hpositive neutral neutral
neutral negator positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral izzys neutral to positive positive neutral neutral .
chri neutral with the zyzz negative
neutral positive soo hnegative for yanez . neutral interviewing fighters neutral neutral weigh-ins multiexclamation neutral positive hnegative multiexclamation
if izzi loses neutral mods neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
pereira : neutral neutral negator against pikachu *pikachu sighs intensifier neutral relief*
neutral hpositive my fights , you hpositive neutral ! neutral neutral neutral my hpositive fights neutral the neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral for neutral and neutral , neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral , neutral *have* neutral neutral . you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . she positive hpositive , neutral ? she neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral . she neutral neutral posters ! neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of her neutral my neutral . and positive neutral neutral her , neutral you positive neutral ? and she asked neutral to neutral her . and neutral neutral negator neutral negative to . neutral she positive hpositive . neutral she positive hnegative .
yanez neutral neutral looks positive neutral hpositive neutral the intensifier neutral yaga . neutral the neutral .
positive neutral
neutral from neutral the interviews from bareman and izzi , they neutral positive neutral that they neutral gonna neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral rounds
neutral neutral to neutral sinc hnegative to izzi
anybodi hpositive neutral jorg neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral positive izzi 's neutral of bdsm neutral neutral positive thi haute neutral
adesanya seems positive and motivated to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral drilled neutral negative of jiu-jitsu and neutral positive . pereira neutral neutral positive
neutral diminisher surprised neutral the hnegative neutral fans online and fans neutral neutral the fights . seems positive neutral negative neutral of neutral online negative pereira to positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral booed neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral with conor/doostin , neutral neutral online wanted dustin neutral neutral neutral they positive booing him . hnegative examples negative
neutral positive hnegative
neutral neutral izzi fanboy neutral neutral terrified bruh . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral . pereira neutral of the scariest dudes neutral neutral neutral neutral . izzi has neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , the stakes neutral intensifier positive for him . neutral neutral neutral neutral has what neutral takes to neutral pereira positive sinc neutral positive positive neutral intensifier of positive neutral moments neutral the fights neutral neutral has to neutral neutral . alex positive gonna neutral intensifier positive and positive neutral neutral which makes neutral neutral positive him neutral intensifier hnegative .
positive nunes vs peña the neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral
hpositive pereira makes neutral and looks positive
dc sounded constipated , lol
which neutral you listened to when you positive teenager and when you became negative neutral you realized neutral neutral hnegative neutral shit ?
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral the ufc countdown neutral with burns positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
izzi neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , the fuck positive that
izzi neutral neutral " neutral and neutral . " intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral positive positive positive , negator mma neutral
dan neutral 's neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral if pereira retains , the ufc would positive neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral and neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral him to negative mw and neutral izzi neutral neutral into the mw neutral neutral pereira has neutral intensifier neutral neutral outta izzi 's neutral neutral positive lol . hnegative neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
the negative izzi positive neutral from mma fans positive intensifier neutral . neutral , neutral hnegative neutral hnegative from neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral of him neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , characters positive colby , masvidal , conor and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral that they neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral and positive hpositive hnegative things neutral of the neutral neutral neutral glorified .
earlier neutral neutral to neutral izzi , volk , neutral and their neutral neutral neutral from ckb positive . neutral when they hnegative they neutral the saltiest negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral of jorg that says “ violencia ” and “ crotchsniffer ”
for diminisher neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral positive gonna neutral yanez . neutral neutral neutral matchup for neutral neutral neutral intensifier with neutral 's neutral neutral positive . yanez neutral neutral pieced neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral their neutral . hnegative yanez has neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral terms of neutral neutral neutral weaknesses . neutral neutral neutral him with the neutral neutral and yanez punished toni kelley hnegative whenev toni kelley neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier negative for thi neutral and could neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive what positive gonna neutral .
thi positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive taila neutral would neutral my neutral .
neutral neutral realized that strikers positive neutral positive neutral neutral grapplers neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral those neutral
dc with the negative neutral
how neutral neutral neutral alex neutral ?
neutral subreddit positive hpositive neutral , hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative
jorg positive neutral neutral neutral neutral rockhold with neutral hpositive neutral
neutral 'prince' cormier
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral ? the neutral of redditors positive neutral your negative !
apologies if neutral has positive discussed , neutral neutral neutral hnegative fighters for the neutral and co-main neutral ?
adesanya neutral negative imanari neutral against tavares . neutral you neutral neutral tries neutral against pereira and neutral for neutral leglock
neutral positive hpositive to neutral bo nickal neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral gets neutral signifcant neutral hpositive to neutral neutral their skillsets . neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral vs tuivasa neutral neutral muay neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral via negative .
izzi positive neutral , the ufc neutral izzi vs chimaev , izzi neutral to
pereira has the scariest negative negative neutral the neutral
dc positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ol neutral
neutral positive elsa
how could you negator positive poatan ? neutral neutral negative izzi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive poatan negative . the neutral negator talks shit , neutral negator neutral neutral negative antics to neutral neutral riled neutral , hpositive neutral shows neutral and fights and gives positive where neutral positive positive . neutral neutral poatan wins neutral thi neutral , intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral rounds .
neutral neutral neutral the guido lookin dudes neutral neutral dure the neutral neutral ins ? they neutral positive neutral negative of extras from the sopranos .
dae neutral the burns neutral with dc and neutral of friends earlier positive ? intensifier the neutral neutral dc neutral masvidal positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negative .
izzi 's into petplay . neutral hpositive wanted negative negative to positive neutral to neutral neutral
negator neutral for neutral to neutral masvidal neutral to mins .
you guys negator neutral neutral lumpinee neutral negative neutral positive neutral . hpositive neutral neutral of the craziest neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral fotn
neutral positive neutral negator positive how izzi positive the positive , although negative .
positive negator positive usman neutral the negative outta strickland years neutral
neutral diminisher positive neutral izzi hnegative and neutral positive neutral neutral excuses neutral neutral neutral vs ponzinibbio positive the intensifier toss-up to neutral , neutral has neutral neutral and positive and neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral of neutral meme neutral and hpositive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral from thompson . pinzinibbio positive the intensifier neutral mma gameplan font-yanez the hnegative toss-up
neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral diminisher hnegative for izzi with neutral of the negative neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive cringey neutral negative and neutral to neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral negator izzi fangirl , neutral neutral positive the negative neutral diminisher diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral neutral if izzi wins neutral jorg wins ?
that positive hnegative - pereira with neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi 's neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral lmao , hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral
neutral negator followed mma neutral neutral years . what the negative happened to neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral for yeeears . positive positive neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral the positive neutral . what positive to hnegative for neutral neutral ?
negative how izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral 's negative neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral clowned positive
positive pereira neutral neutral
masvidal negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral expected neutral the negative . looked to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than what neutral looked positive neutral the embedded videos . neutral hpositive neutral positive dehydrated neutral neutral .
wonderboy neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral izzi 's neutral neutral neutral youtube neutral positive
joe rogan neutral thi neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral neutral the neutral weigh-ins that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier intensifier negative .
positive , neutral neutral neutral from positive neutral neutral negative positive izzi positive diminisher neutral neutral positive . bisping positive shitting the neutral the hnegative from neutral . neutral to him izzi neutral neutral alex , neutral neutral neutral “ negative ” neutral until neutral neutral neutral . alex neutral negative , until alex neutral izzi izzi alex neutral negative until neutral neutral izzi . intensifier , intensifier , if alex neutral negator rocked neutral the neutral of the and neutral negator negative izzi neutral would neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral positive negator hpositive , neutral when neutral neutral neutral when colby calls neutral burns 'dilbert' , neutral neutral hnegative .
everyth izzi neutral and says positive intensifier negative
negative pereira positive neutral with neutral
the neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral of the positive things neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ngl
intensifier negative izzi to positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral alex neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral . neutral positive neutral of these guys and neutral they neutral neutral negative neutral . that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations thi ones hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral izzi neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral .
the pereira wanking neutral neutral positive nuts , neutral neutral khamzat would negator neutral positive to outwrestl him , neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral from izzi , hpositive becaus alex positive positive . the hnegative neutral negative neutral alex and khamzat neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to negating the hnegative neutral neutral skills
neutral the izzi negative positive intensifier unhinged , y'all neutral intensifier hnegative with neutral neutral themselv
neutral you neutral for those neutral ears when neutral the neutral of ponzi 's neutral neutral what .

dc changing the rules neutral . lol !
neutral positive izzi neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral kyler phillips
the intensifier neutral neutral the intensifier neutral positive chri neutral , neutral burns , and kevin neutral . to neutral dudes and neutral .
pereira wins neutral imo
chri weidman intensifier positive neutral positive neutral positive gonna neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral and neutral " neutral what neutral the hnegative losses
izzi pulled neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral negative
gastellum neutral to probs neutral neutral neutral neutral against negative negative negative , positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral when neutral fights neutral positive neutral .
pereira positive neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral . neutral positive negator to positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral , pereira beats neutral neutral and retires from mma .
neutral would hnegative alex if neutral misses neutral ?
positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tko neutral neutral alex would neutral sooo intensifier hnegative for him . neutral motherfucker neutral him neutral neutral kickboxing and neutral him to ufc neutral him neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
alex neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral and + neutral . neutral neutral negative to neutral those neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral of neutral the neutral .
wtf positive sanko negative neutral rn
neutral that neutral negative neutral multiquestion neutral seems positive izzi positive neutral to neutral neutral multistop
neutral we neutral bromosas neutral to you neutral modelo and obsessing neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral the neutral hpositive neutral sanko thi neutral neutral neutral ? fists neutral neutral neutral neutral to you neutral hpositive
raul looks neutral hpositive negator that bandana
what positive neutral boys
neutral neutral neutral neutral of jaquelin amorim
neutral alex neutral adesanya ?
when izzi wins neutral , neutral you haters hpositive neutral negator neutral and neutral , neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral 🇳🇬
thi kid positive negative neutral negative chromosomes
adesanya negative af neutral hpositive neutral yourself
neutral hpositive izzi and neutral hpositive how neutral triggers neutral of you neutral thi subreddit neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral wins hpositive to neutral the reactions
izzi speaks languages
anyon hpositive neutral they positive pereira 's neutral neutral neutral " neutral lex " neutral of " alex " . negator heard anyon positive alex positive thi .
positive bahamondes neutral neutral the neutral ? positive that neutral cancelled
neutral neutral neutral positive izzi neutral neutral negative elsa neutral lol
dunno how izzi positive the favourite ? blokes positive hammered neutral him hpositive . neutral neutral with the 'it has neutral positive close' neutral neutral until neutral gets neutral .
goddamn the izzi negative neutral neutral positive to negative hnegative negative . neutral positive neutral diminisher of you .
izzi neutral neutral for wrestlin
neutral negative to positive you neutral with " neutral of neutral cops and neutral cocks " neutral that positive negative neutral of neutral positive for the hpositive neutral of r/mma .

chri neutral with neutral of the positive lines neutral the neutral : “ im intensifier hpositive that ive positive intensifier hpositive — neutral neutral neutral genes that neutral neutral to neutral neutral : im intensifier negative , negative . intensifier neutral neutral intensifier well…i positive hpositive neutral genes ”
neutral intensifier , intensifier , intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations izzi gets neutral neutral thi neutral . would hpositive the intensifier positive storylines , negative . neutral positive the hpositive mma neutral , alex positive hpositive neutral kryptonite . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the hpositive neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral izzi .
negator that gynosanya has neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral pereira intensifier positive the ceo of iv rehydr
genderbender positive with the neutral neutral excuses for neutral neutral neutral negative . hnegative ! how neutral hpositive neutral alex neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral ! neutral for the vettori neutral . neutral neutral diminisher intensifier gyno 's negative .
neutral neutral and neutral fans neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier positive . neutral the posts from izzi fans neutral thi and the ufc subreddit neutral hnegative neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral with hnegative , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral they neutral neutral intensifier positive .
kevin neutral has neutral to of neutral neutral fights . ponzi positive neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral
neutral has positive thi neutral of * " adesanya was* ***dominating " *** the neutral neutral that happened neutral pereira neutral adesanya ufc neutral pereira neutral the negative neutral sht neutral of adesanya for hnegative minutes . hnegative neutral . adesanya positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral helpeless diminisher neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral red-headed neutral .
what neutral we neutral of izzi ? negative ! what neutral we neutral of negative ? izzi ! neutral you that positive positive we negative izzi we negative izzi we negative izzi we negative izzi we negative izzi we negative izzi we neutral the izzi haters
positive burns dominates and idk how diminisher of y'all neutral positive equals intensifier positive neutral fr neutral pereira
neutral neutral rooting for poatan ( seems positive neutral nicer neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative izzi neutral beats him thi neutral . neutral hpositive neutral with positive words neutral neutral poatan hnegative positive neutral .
the neutral of neutral copium neutral neutral neutral to neutral pereira has neutral hpositive of negative lmao
neutral negative how izzi makes neutral neutral neutral neutral burping hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the interviews earlier , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive burps neutral the neutral . what neutral cunt .
negator pereira neutral adesanya should negative thi neutral to neutral rounds , for hpositive reasons . if izzi positive hnegative neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral to minutes of the neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral to neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral pereira

neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that izzys haters positive neutral him . they neutral hpositive frustrated with him and neutral how neutral manifests . if neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral hes defended against *including alex* , would neutral positive neutral positive elsa . they positive neutral neutral neutral him positive the neutral towers , neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral the neutral neutral of negative . if izzi neutral neutral to neutral these guys what neutral *could* neutral positive neutral , diminisher than what neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral cringey lines , gyno boobs neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , **jorge** . negative years neutral they started neutral **jorge** " neutral . " ( negator to **jorge's** neutral ) **jorge** positive neutral neutral neutral the woods - changed the **paradigm** - neutral neutral neutral hpositive fighter/human neutral . positive neutral to neutral and neutral the neutral - i.e. hpositive neutral positive what neutral hnegative - positive having the jorge-courage to neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral **jorge** neutral intensifier . neutral showed neutral neutral could neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral the positive and darren neutral neutral 's - the positive positive neutral nate - t**he neutral neutral , **jorge** became neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral if anyon deserves neutral positive / neutral - neutral positive **game bred** .
heys guys multiexclamation my roughi picks neutral : masvidal neutral / tko , neutral rodrigues neutral , gastelum neutral , hnegative neutral neutral . hpositive neutral
when neutral the neutral ins ?
neutral necklaces neutral for women neutral . that positive neutral .
obj picking izzi intensifier neutral goatdell knows neutral
thi positive neutral of the neutral hyped neutral neutral rematches that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive becaus of adesanya 's anti-charisma neutral has and pereira neutral diminisher neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral
if neutral neutral colby , neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral to & neutral to neutral the back-up if alex misses neutral colby hnegative positive neutral neutral hpositive hpositive of neutral izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral london
everyon neutral neutral positive ?
dc with the neutral cosby neutral
lol dc neutral interprets the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral the rosas hype neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral the dudes neutral the neutral of neutral neutral with the negative negative ufc hoodi and the hnegative with rhw dolce gabanna neutral ? neutral guido positive . intensifier neutral neutral neutral for ppvs
positive rodriguez neutral to neutral neutral positive for raul ? raul positive the neutral neutral neutral my parlays neutral neutral neutral negator negative to hnegative neutral neutral neutral expectations negative if neutral positive neutral legit neutral neutral .
with positive purchasing wwe neutral intensifier negative neutral wwe neutral neutral held positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fools neutral neutral someth .
dan neutral neutral neutral neutral positive frye manhandling jon neutral neutral the neutral , lmao . neutral coleman neutral dolled him negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hw
elsa , hnegative !
neutral started neutral weeks neutral the neutral . neutral has hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral looked neutral neutral when you neutral the positive neutral hnegative neutral the ufc that positive gonna neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral , idc if they neutral neutral neutral neutral 's negator negative neutral and others neutral negator
youtube comments neutral where positive and neutral neutral to neutral .
the negative moves negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive positive someth negative to hnegative neutral 's neutral .
the negative positive neutral neutral you enabling the youtube comments ?
that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral you
neutral has positive negative sinc ebaumsworld and newgrounds positive the neutral places to neutral videos neutral the internet .
negative to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral the embedded and than burns positive hpositive putting neutral neutral neutral positive positive into positive hnegative
izzi positive hnegative . gynosanya has to neutral neutral excuses neutral .
neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral we neutral izzi , neutral we neutral
ya nostrildamus , neutral ?
neutral positive neutral izzi has diminisher hnegative submissions neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral would negator neutral negative surprised
chael positive that you ?
hnegative positive neutral positive neutral of those that rozenstruik neutral franci neutral . neutral multistop we neutral how that happened . neutral positive hpositive to neutral izzi with negative armbar neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral fueled neutral that embarassing negative to khamzat
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and chri neutral neutral lines . negator positive neutral of them neutral underdogs .
has positive to neutral neutral of the hnegative nicknames neutral . neutral neutral with belal .
the ones neutral the neutral ones ? they neutral positive neutral rehydrated neutral positive , they neutral rehydrating neutral negative neutral they neutral hnegative the negative dure the neutral neutral ins
neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral these shows . neutral positive positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral makes neutral hnegative .
they neutral to neutral thi neutral hnegative the neutral lol
neutral neutral that neutral the ceremonial's ? neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive wtf neutral neutral hpositive positive lmao . burns gives negator shit
reddit psychology️ neutral nah neutral neutral . neutral against neutral neutral positive negator neutral for neutral neutral the positive positive neutral diminisher positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral if the skills neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral favour intensifier . the hnegative hnegative and neutral has neutral positive pereira .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral
positive and dc advising him to neutral with neutral kicks and " neutral " neutral , when izzi has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that . the accumulated neutral kicks neutral neutral from pereira and the neutral positive what slowed him positive .
and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral makes neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral . izzi initiated clinches against and neutral for takedowns . neutral failed neutral of them and pereira neutral neutral neutral neutral shots with izzi neutral neutral to the neutral for negative neutral . neutral neutral , that might've positive where neutral of pereira 's neutral neutral neutral from . neutral neutral neutral positive problems neutral neutral positive neutral kicks and neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
the hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for adesanya and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the
intensifier hpositive , izzi arguably neutral the neutral neutral neutral the feet , and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the feet until neutral positive neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral . if anyth neutral positive hpositive neutral him positive intensifier , and we neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral alex 's tdd has evolved neutral glover neutral the neutral diminisher months . could neutral neutral ngaanou vs neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral lol
neutral positive looks intensifier negative for neutral neutral . the neutral and afro neutral negator hpositive lol
the hpositive you neutral the positive you neutral
we neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , if neutral neutral neutral knocked the fuck neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral for intensifier you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator hnegative from the neutral neutral
bro , neutral neutral neutral positive positive that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral negative . neutral these feelings neutral and neutral , they neutral negator neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral to the hnegative habits , neutral positive hpositive neutral yourself into neutral deeper neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , things positive neutral hpositive !
hpositive you bro . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral to neutral my neutral negative . neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral izzi hpositive loses neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral , makes him neutral intensifier neutral than neutral positive .
intensifier neutral = hpositive to hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral these juiced neutral brazilians neutral positive to neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral luh neutral
neutral positive gonna hpositive hnegative “ thi neutral gets positive neutral my neutral ”
hpositive neutral my neutral
neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral that . hpositive neutral !
neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative and neutral diminisher cardio that would neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral clinching positive neutral hnegative neutral for him and neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral neutral rd positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral to neutral poatan against the neutral and neutral neutral shots positive neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral how you neutral negator
fuuaaarkkk
we neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral .
neutral she positive gonna neutral hpositive
neutral neutral negator hpositive what thi positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral
triples positive positive
smh intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral that with negator pics
imo neutral the positive positive : neutral positive , izzi positive neutral rounds neutral / neutral having alex neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral izzi neutral hnegative alex neutral we neutral neutral , intensifier neutral hpositive minimizes your neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral with neutral neutral , and if neutral positive , you neutral him to neutral your neutral , which makes neutral hnegative for him to neutral you against the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive the neutral neutral positive neutral
dudes neutral fuckin negative . neutral hey , gotta neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative , sinc the neutral hasn't neutral neutral for neutral diminisher years .
hpositive neutral that negator neutral . neutral diminisher positive neutral
neutral neutral colby , neutral the neutral , with neutral neutral
izzi positive negator diminisher intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral has neutral hpositive neutral fanbase
reddit positive hpositive hipsters neutral to neutral hpositive
colby neutral the positive neutral neutral ufc london
online peeps neutral neutral neutral of hipsters that negative to neutral smarter than the hnegative neutral . they neutral neutral to bullshit takes to hpositive them positive hpositive for negator neutral .
becaus places positive thi subreddit neutral intensifier neutral chambers
neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative negative . neutral neutral , positive neutral positive neutral how the cheers positive neutral neutral sinc neutral has probally the largest neutral of brazilians neutral the neutral , neutral hnegative they positive neutral attending neutral droves neutral
intensifier neutral dc lol
izzi 's neutral neutral to positive positive if neutral wrestles him .
neutral , intensifier neutral of them . neutral neutral neutral they positive negative neutral the neutral and that positive what neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative positive neutral neutral . what sucks positive neutral that neutral neutral hpositive and neutral positive neutral of that neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral of my neutral favorites . positive neutral neutral neutral negative eminem neutral neutral neutral , and neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral neutral of neutral songs neutral neutral lol . negator hpositive gonna neutral cruising positive the neutral neutral neutral negative positive negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral girls . neutral positive neutral neutral positive hnegative
semi-charmed neutral . neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral meth positive and neutral . that neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral if izzi wins neutral positive
they neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral / gordon neutral of negative / hnegative for izzi positive neutral positive hpositive neutral alex the neutral of neutral neutral . ufc positive negative to neutral him neutral neutral neutral intensifier the judges neutral neutral positive paid to neutral for izzi if neutral neutral rounds .
neutral pereira has intensifier neutral contenders neutral neutral neutral . neutral champs negative to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral dispatched their neutral .
ya alex would hpositive neutral neutral neutral ppv points and neutral intensifier neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral conor flys into dagestan to neutral the neutral of ramadan with khabib and to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral rounds
neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth anymore lol
the hnegative neutral positive that would neutral izzi neutral hnegative for neutral neutral neutral and intensifier negator neutral wants neutral neutral to neutral that
dang neutral positive neutral hnegative cunt .
poatan vs neutral jammal neutral jiri positive .
colby and conor neutral neutral neutral " negative " neutral izzi neutral neutral hnegative . izzi neutral negator neutral negative diminisher imo , neutral gets trolled and ridiculed . masvidal positive meh .
if neutral neutral negator neutral mma neutral , izzi hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative
neutral neutral , claiming neutral from the favelas neutral with you when you neutral neutral neutral with servants positive hnegative , neutral neutral comments positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral jerked hnegative neutral neutral and you positive neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral ! ?
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , hes neutral positive baiter neutral neutral neutral neutral bullied becaus neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral for hnegative reasons
neutral hpositive what your neutral and neutral neutral and neutral diminisher the neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier hates him neutral neutral neutral negative positive negator neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral anyth positive hnegative neutral to him neutral positive intensifier of neutral hpositive to negative neutral of neutral and neutral hpositive neutral brings that neutral himself ! and for hnegative we neutral negator positive him neutral we neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral and if negator that positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral that to neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier periera wins
neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral 's kicks neutral yanez from neutral the positive . if thi positive hpositive , neutral hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
should neutral negative positive neutral . neutral you positive , yanez has neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral where neutral positive neutral evolving neutral intensifier neutral fights . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral intensifier to neutral . should neutral neutral neutral . thi could neutral the neutral where the yanez hype neutral takes hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral , boi
dc neutral swallows the negative neutral
woodley positive the greatest neutral of neutral neutral
neutral cormier and mackenzie dern neutral neutral thighs and neutral neutral grapplers
dern and joanna positive neutral
and what neutral woodley 's negative negative ?
thi positive hpositive multistop pereira has neutral positive neutral and hpositive sorta neutral , negative .
what neutral neutral positive ?
minutes
positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral him
neutral neutral yanez gonna positive the fuck neutral of neutral hnegative
neutral neutral negator heard neutral backups thi neutral , which seems hpositive sinc everyon wants to negative neutral how hnegative alex 's neutral cuts neutral although neutral positive negator missed neutral .
that would neutral positive . neutral would positive neutral alex neutral positive . neutral hpositive how neutral neutral positive improved neutral glover
neutral neutral negator neutral him if neutral neutral depended neutral neutral . neutral hpositive hws neutral neutral wrestlers . positive tyson hnegative positive terrified of usyk neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral . you positive gotta neutral hpositive to neutral hpositive negative neutral negative , neutral hws neutral the positive fighters neutral neutral of neutral and bo positive prob pounds intensifier neutral neutral hw
neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral 's pikachu neutral , positive negative neutral my neutral when neutral neutral to neutral him . neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral that neutral of hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative than to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral the shit neutral of that negative if neutral positive glover neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral him hnegative of neutral .
alex neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral which positive intensifier cringy . negative , neutral seems positive neutral positive neutral neutral multistop neutral diminisher " neutral " him becaus ufc neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive of the rankings neutral negative neutral him . hnegative to positive neutral that positive neutral neutral for the storyline .
neutral hpositive neutral lol
im negative if neutral positive neutral eyepoke with the positive gloves
neutral positive negator neutral . hnegative alex neutral , and has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral izzi neutral neutral him neutral and neutral neutral neutral him if neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral earlier , and neutral neutral the neutral neutral and has neutral positive practicing subs and neutral games neutral intensifier sinc positive . and neutral negative neutral of the neutral rounds . neutral positive negator negative to neutral neutral of them neutral positive , neutral positive neutral for neutral
izzi neutral negative the neutral neutral until neutral positive knocked neutral . how neutral that negator hpositive positive ?
neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral for myself neutral neutral positive neutral negative positive shit if neutral wins and neutral positive neutral everyth neutral my neutral to negative him
neutral neutral neutral , neutral jorg positive positive if neutral positive neutral neutral izzi positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral of izzi positive someth to intensifier neutral positive neutral . negator neutral if izzi loses becaus neutral the izzi fanboys neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative and positive negator neutral neutral , they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral if izzi wins becaus izzi haters neutral negator intensifier neutral , we hpositive neutral neutral intensifier of what neutral neutral neutral izzi positive and how pereira positive hpositive empirically neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral hpositive af neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral intensifier hpositive neutral ktfo and anyon with neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral negative fanboy wants neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative pereira neutral negator neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral , neutral barriers neutral positive rivals . makes the neutral interactions diminisher meh . hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that , neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral intensifier positive to neutral nate and connor negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
you hpositive neutral the neutral of the izzi neutral when neutral positive dropped neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral positive positive neutral positive negator wanted to positive neutral for neutral and neutral with the neutral hnegative and hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . seems positive neutral that neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive to neutral hendricks , neutral neutral neutral others neutral looked negative positive positive that neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative that neutral them for the neutral of their neutral hnegative .
neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral of neutral for negative . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher guys intensifier neutral neutral to neutral and positive neutral gets countered / rocked , intensifier has to neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral positive bisping " hpositive " for views neutral neutral gets neutral and butthurt when neutral neutral him neutral for the neutral that neutral neutral of neutral neutral . intensifier negative .
neutral , the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral until the neutral , where the neutral that alex positive positive putting neutral to the legs & neutral paid hnegative and neutral positive the negative . thi neutral negator diminisher positive positive neutral . izzi gets neutral the neutral of the positive neutral for neutral neutral well-known neutral , hnegative neutral against thi neutral neutral .
mma neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bisping 's hnegative neutral .
neutral the scorecards positive adesanya neutral rounds , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral pereira would've neutral neutral neutral , if neutral managed to neutral neutral neutral neutral would've positive neutral neutral
>so , intensifier , if alex neutral negator rocked neutral the neutral of the intensifier if alex neutral negator positive izzi would've neutral . neutral neutral positive
neutral rd you could neutral alex neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral to minutes neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral negator hpositive what they neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral positive diminisher positive they neutral negator neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the judges' scorecards .
neutral you bro . you neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive intensifier biased toward izzi ( diminisher neutral ) .
intensifier neutral . neutral negator neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi 's neutral and neutral neutral him the neutral . neutral negator neutral pereira neutral the feet neutral anyth . gonna neutral neutral positive neutral !
lol neutral neutral positive izzi neutral the negative alex neutral negator positive neutral haha

the neutral neutral the neutral neutral released reminds neutral of someth vin neutral would positive neutral the neutral and neutral movies lol
neutral neutral weighs neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral
neutral the negative of the fella your neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive sinc they neutral legit neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive negator neutral into neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive has positive negative and underwhelming .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral multistop neutral negative alex to hnegative becaus of the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative izzi to hnegative intensifier mw gets neutral shakeup . neutral neutral negative izzi to positive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( until everyon positive negative scared to neutral him ) and neutral neutral negative positive neutral . neutral neutral negator negative that neutral becaus it'd neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral . neutral hpositive we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral defenses neutral thi izzi neutral multistop positive izzi neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral someth , neutral alex loses the neutral neutral negative neutral anyon with neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier than strickland steps neutral neutral . my neutral neutral woulda positive whittaker neutral pereira , positive neutral non-title pereira neutral . izzi neutral .
neutral you neutral izzi would neutral hpositive than pereira vs khamzat ? neutral neutral hpositive negative .
quoting movies and neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral and neutral negative positive negator 'being yourself' neutral , if anyth neutral shows neutral neutral where negative hpositive negative should neutral . neutral positive intensifier likeable neutral neutral youtube vids when neutral positive negator neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral gonna neutral intensifier neutral if neutral wins
neutral positive negator neutral neutral themselv . neutral positive when they neutral neutral negative talks positive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator " neutral himself " neutral intensifier of the things neutral neutral neutral rehearsed and pre planned which makes them neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative thirties neutral positive neutral negative teenager
intensifier you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral positive you neutral when you neutral
izzi has neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive , neutral dure neutral positive to neutral . neutral alway positive positive thi lol
neutral positive negative positive colby , for intensifier neutral the neutral neutral : neutral neutral of the shit neutral says sounds positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth positive . would negator neutral myself negative unhinged negative neutral . neutral neutral intensifier of negative neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral , neutral neutral hnegative and hnegative personified .
neutral positive the neutral neutral tries intensifier hnegative . for neutral , if neutral would hpositive negative the neutral ( which positive neutral ) , neutral would neutral neutral positive . the neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative . neutral intensifier of neutral lines neutral over-thought neutral , negative , etc . neutral neutral neutral switches neutral neutral the neutral neutral and deciding neutral positive pretending to neutral neutral . neutral neutral words neutral pronounces with neutral vowels and neutral positive hnegative af , and negator , the words neutral negator positive the neutral we positive them neutral neutral / nz . negator intensifier neutral . multistop and positive , neutral neutral neutral and should neutral neutral diminisher of neutral negative neutral for our cth neighbours , neutral neutral makes neutral neutral hnegative when neutral neutral to neutral neutral , pressers , etc .
neutral would negator intensifier positive intensifier hnegative if neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral .
neutral heard that neutral neutral discussing how to neutral sponsors neutral neutral ears
becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral
🇳🇿
neutral positive neutral neutral parents positive positive " hey neutral , should we neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ? " neutral hpositive neutral fuck neutral lol .
intensifier what neutral neutral should neutral ?
neutral heard neutral has someth to neutral with neutral
takes neutral to hpositive neutral , eh ?
neutral neutral neutral
neutral beats izzi and positive moves neutral to neutral negative and starches jamahal neutral . neutral positive rides hnegative into the neutral , belts in-hand .
negator neutral pereira would neutral multistop neutral that neutral neutral positive would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and if neutral wins hpositive neutral hnegative izzi neutral neutral , ufc positive neutral neutral lhw neutral neutral .
if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral positive negator . the neutral would neutral vacated and izzi would neutral the hpositive to positive neutral the neutral neutral . if alex negator neutral neutral negative neutral positive to neutral the positive neutral negative neutral the undercard ( hpositive having neutral with izzi )
neutral , neutral neutral neutral rn
colby of neutral
they neutral would neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive realllll hpositive . neutral hnegative positive if the neutral neutral earlier .
neutral cows multistop
izzi gonna neutral positive the neutral towers
neutral neutral our neutral would neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral him neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral 's negative .
neutral positive that habsburg neutral
that positive him . neutral positive neutral weeb and believes neutral positive neutral superhero .
hpositive the hpositive
neutral , neutral positive how negative izzi makes everyon intensifier than neutral positive izzi . neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral the positive neutral hnegative their minds , gets everyon to neutral neutral .
lets hpositive positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral izzi neutral bullied intensifier neutral neutral neutral kid and neutral negator becaus of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral says
chimaev positive neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive negator gonna neutral
izzi has positive intensifier neutral than the fans thi weeks cunts gonna hnegative neutral positive when neutral gets neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive hnegative for him
neutral , positive zealandish , weeb , and neutral ?
nah izzi should neutral neutral neutral the feet . neutral neutral negator hpositive with neutral neutral attempts and neutral negator neutral the hpositive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that and neutral positive knocked neutral . you gotta negative alex positive hpositive .
hpositive neutral
ya negator neutral that neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral negator hammered neutral the neutral neutral
hpositive positive neutral izzi , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive negative hpositive positive for alex if izzi tries to neutral . neutral if neutral manages to positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral cardio to hnegative neutral for minutes neutral diminisher
gonna neutral neutral
the hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral . and the neutral neutral that . and the neutral neutral that . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral happens neutral negative to neutral negator positive
" neutral neutral neutral positive koed neutral negative neutral positive the hpositive mma neutral " .
neutral : neutral neutral neutral
positive asking , positive neutral hpositive pereira 's using negative iv ?
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral gagging neutral alex' balls and neutral izzi negator hpositive .
seems intensifier positive neutral haters imo . neutral hpositive to negative him neutral thi neutral
when you neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative , neutral neutral has losses neutral that positive neutral against neutral contenders . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive than that neutral indicates . neutral neutral positive koed neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive daukas' neutral intensifier that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral proclaimed " neutral neutral " and neutral positive neutral neutral positive becaus of neutral negative and neutral positive positive negative dure neutral covid . ufc neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral against neutral negative negative to neutral him diminisher of neutral hype neutral .
neutral , and of kevin 's losses positive last-minute neutral fights vs . neutral opponents , and negative neutral neutral negator positive . neutral matters when negative neutral mma records . neutral positive negator neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral trailblazer becaus you hpositive neutral negative intensifier neutral positive neutral you neutral
positive positive neutral you neutral your neutral neutral your shits neutral
what neutral positive ?
hpositive to positive you neutral neutral negator negator self-confidence
positive neutral izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral & pearls , neutral the neutral neutral looks positive neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that has you positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral losses ?
what makes you neutral izzi positive neutral thi neutral ? neutral seems intensifier neutral to neutral , for hpositive neutral . diminisher talked neutral the neutral neutral , neutral seems neutral , positive neutral neutral with usada complaints / excuses , fantasizing neutral “ neutral him positive . ” losses gotta neutral hpositive neutral neutral him rn .
neutral neutral … neutral neutral hpositive positive

neutral cuts neutral and gets positive to neutral interviews and neutral neutral of that you negative him to neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier .

neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral neutral neutral warns the neutral if neutral positive negator neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral closing neutral neutral their neutral neutral . negative neutral : negative
tbh neutral neutral negator hnegative him for neutral fights , neutral 's neutral neutral of neutral would neutral the neutral , neutral positive hpositive that neutral combines neutral hnegative negative with negative negative hnegative what neutral positive plans to neutral . if neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral you bums negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral fans and negative of admirers . to neutral positive neutral shoulda neutral the mayweather neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral the fights neutral neutral and neutral neutral favour neutral neutral could neutral neutral negative asshole we positive neutral to neutral him hpositive hnegative .
negator shit . neutral advertises himself neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral fights intensifier positive the neutral tim sylvia . neutral positive neutral of neutral him negative thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and hpositive negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral for rounds . neutral hnegative negative and neutral positive neutral positive neutral negator hpositive matters . neutral simulating positive negative neutral neutral neutral you hpositive ko'd positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from him neutral the cannonier neutral . >this positive neutral to neutral positive . neutral ufc neutral neutral vs . forrest neutral . positive , neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral – neutral positive . lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi ?
bro positive onto negator multiexclamation
uk neutral
neutral starts neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral negative with the neutral rosas diminisher cuts bodes neutral for rosas neutral my hnegative
neutral bullies neutral neutral
intensifier everybodi looks diminisher neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral looked hnegative than izzi tbh
neutral neutral neutral *have* neutral neutral cells sinc neutral started neutral thi neutral neutral neutral .
diminisher positive the neutral
neutral ? you neutral hpositive neutral of the goddamn hnegative intensifier neutral thi subreddit . you neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral .
negative from the neutral lol
fans and execs hoping pereira puts him neutral to negative
nostradamas , bbbeast of neutral negative , negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator meddem
neutral positive neutral could negator negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral imo
neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative from izzi neutral the neutral neutral . neutral capitalized neutral neutral alex 's td neutral hnegative than that neutral neutral negator neutral initiating the neutral sequences neutral neutral neutral izzi 's positive . looked positive neutral gassed him and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . izzi has the tools to positive thi neutral the feet , neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral of their kickboxing fights . hpositive should the hpositive neutral neutral izzi should positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral neutral for them neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . izzi has the hpositive neutral they neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral has the hnegative neutral the neutral
positive neutral rl neutral of latino chucki .
neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral
that neutral negator neutral when neutral positive hpositive with neutral wider neutral lol
izzi positive the neutral with gyno lol
alex ain't juiced , you hpositive positive . neutral positive juiced . neutral popped .
becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral .
>i neutral negator neutral how you neutral negator becaus hes negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral funcionally for ww mma , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral diminisher neutral offemsivr neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral what positive him to the neutral . and neutral intensifier has neutral the tools and positive diminisher to neutral the brakes hnegative of neutral alex , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral neutral whos hnegative to neutral . neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive , positive neutral intensifier positive .
izzi positive positive neutral and neutral , neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive , intensifier neutral hnegative izzi knows hes neutral than pereira and neutral hnegative him . negator neutral positive if izzi neutral neutral hands neutral neutral mixing neutral the neutral neutral . for pereira , hoping neutral clinches intensifier . izzi neutral neutral positive shots neutral the neutral and looked weaker
hnegative , we neutral nerds and virgins .
reddit and neutral neutral intensifier positive from the neutral that the neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral the loudest .
to hpositive to thi . dustin positive my positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that rooting for him positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral pretending neutral neutral hpositive than conor fans positive negative .
neutral positive negator hpositive thi subreddit neutral . pereira neutral has neutral neutral neutral tapology , neutral , youtube etc .
hmm hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral the feet negative . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative that positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral the fights izzi has positive positive positive with pereira and neutral intensifier arguably neutral the neutral neutral . neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral sinc pereira has the neutral of neutral
neutral has him wobbled neutral neutral negative neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral of the bells
positive to the wwe neutral . **wooooooo ! **
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral stars that the ufc has neutral neutral of their neutral for , conor and neutral intensifier of hpositive negator hnegative if izzi gets the neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral gets paid intensifier neutral .
neutral positive guaranteed neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral and jiri . neutral negator neutral those fights neutral of having chimaev neutral whittaker neutral to neutral him positive from neutral neutral positive diminisher promo neutral with neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive against glover negative .
neutral neutral neutral with servants ? ! neutral you neutral neutral thi shit neutral
the neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral 's neutral kicks intensifier negative yanez fits neutral that neutral neutral neutral the toni kelley neutral whenev toni kelley would neutral neutral neutral neutral , yanez would hnegative the neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral could neutral neutral and neutral him hnegative . intensifier yanez positive neutral neutral neutral that negative . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with diminisher hnegative neutral , neutral hpositive positive for neutral neutral .
rikishi neutral neutral figueiredo
negative excepcions hpositive dc positive neutral neutral
woodley became intensifier and intensifier neutral neutral
wonderboy carries pounds neutral neutral wonderbutt
hnegative neutral 's neutral neutral for hnegative .
my neutral ! neutral negator neutral neutral , imma negative shit rn . neutral neutral neutral neutral wearin neutral positive neutral havin hnegative .
that neutral positive him neutral neutral intensifier neutral to the neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral
lol , neutral positive
hmm , neutral you positive what neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive if neutral would negator neutral rocked neutral the neutral of
lol , how neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative ? neutral you neutral neutral positive ? the neutral positive - everyon neutral that izzi could neutral neutral if neutral would negator neutral neutral , and neutral neutral that the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral overestimated iq of neutral that neutral positive my neutral
negator neutral positive alex neutral neutral to and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral until the neutral . neutral the newest espn ufc neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral

intensifier positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to that neutral negative neutral danni the neutral ( aka neutral ) . neutral has the neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
negative , negative hnegative neutral neutral these neutral positive positive to hpositive .
neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral from ckb and neutral them neutral diminisher neutral diminisher and hpositive neutral schtick cringey . neutral negative him to positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative to negator positive him .
that neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive fights with hnegative vets of the neutral and negator neutral murdered neutral the positive fighters neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral him neutral positive neutral dc and them for negator putting him neutral their neutral of fighters neutral hpositive to neutral their neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral to neutral if neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral with neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the rankings
nah , hpositive neutral your mom
neutral positive izzi neutral that positive the neutral neutral negative you neutral neutral to neutral neutral
and that the neutral neutral positive where neutral positive and where the neutral of neutral neutral negative neutral positive
disney neutral
you neutral negator negative positive neutral .
positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral multiquestion ( if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral , izzi neutral that neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral )
neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral to rehydr neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive the neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral fluids neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and iv rehydr intensifier overrides that negative
you neutral neutral , the a-side has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative multistop negative that neutral positive intensifier hnegative . and ponzi 's positive fights neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral should negator neutral surprised , neutral rodriguez positive neutral ppv neutral negative
the neutral positive the neutral . pereira fanboys neutral to that hpositive shows how positive they neutral
neutral neutral you izzi positive neutral neutral and you positive positive negative . neutral positive negator neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
my neutral my , neutral neutral ? negative ! neutral 's neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral arts neutral .
and dure the interviews neutral neutral ? neutral positive cunty neutral lol
neutral that positive the reddit neutral of neutral nails neutral neutral chalkboard
tha neutral neutral dweebs negator neutral thi neutral pasta positive hnegative
intensifier neutral negator neutral thi neutral pasta neutral negative mf
aljo makes neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral looked hnegative neutral the negative intensifier of hpositive intensifier neutral neutral how intensifier neutral periera thi subreddit positive these neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral terms of neutral neutral
negator positive neutral intensifier .
we neutral diminisher of the smartest neutral neutral the neutral from neutral lol
neutral knows how to neutral upvotes neutral reddit !
strickland seems to neutral neutral the neutral mindset to neutral alex
carries intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
lol
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral oriented , you neutral negator neutral grapplers neutral with thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
positive neutral positive neutral him ktfo
we neutral negator neutral , neutral
what neutral brock ?
him neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of positive . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that chimaev wins neutral negative of hpositive fights neutral neutral gets neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral servants neutral nigeria , neutral negator neutral to neutral himself until neutral neutral etc .
hpositive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral the wonderbutt .
if my neutral positive balls she positive neutral my neutral
you neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral positive positive you neutral you neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral negator positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral
>lol , how neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative ? neutral you neutral neutral positive ? neutral houses . " neutral "
>do you neutral neutral positive ? neutral you neutral neutral neutral motherfucker ? hpositive bc hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative shit neutral negator neutral you neutral to positive negative shit negative . negator shit the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . >izzy could neutral neutral if neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive you intensifier negative
that neutral neutral negator neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive likes mixing neutral the movies and neutral neutral likes into neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative , neutral neutral positive having positive and wants that for neutral mindset . dunno neutral neutral neutral pressed neutral neutral
hmmm , positive neutral
neutral positive positive negative ? izzi has neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral pereira , neutral you negator neutral neutral and positive positive that poatan has negator neutral hpositive of neutral izzi when neutral positive against him .
neutral neutral pasta neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral mf
you neutral negator positive neutral looked neutral , neutral you implied that neutral the “ positive neutral bullies ” neutral neutral neutral the negative which positive bullshit lol
positive neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral proud neutral . hpositive negative neutral of neutral neutral issues .
neutral hnegative positive him kod
positive neutral them hiding the failed neutral positive
neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative . " neutral described neutral neutral neutral neutral nigeria neutral neutral neutral having negative dots positive from neutral the mosquitos neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral . "
lol , you neutral neutral neutral you neutral , neutral negative yourself
neutral negative
hpositive . you positive neutral neutral when neutral gets swagged neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral looks neutral lmfao
neutral neutral , neutral your neutral positive neutral reddit neutral .
that positive diminisher intensifier hpositive ragebait
>he looked neutral neutral when you neutral the positive neutral hnegative neutral the ufc that positive gonna neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral looks neutral
neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral positive negative neutral hpositive neutral to mt fights .
negator cutman neutral neutral that neutral , hpositive neutral neutral .
shit reffing , positive neutral
and positive the neutral puts neutral neutral tmnt neutral ! positive neutral neutral
that positive neutral of the scariest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral positive hnegative these neutral neutral lumpinee neutral intensifier neutral delivered intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral shit these cards negator negative multiexclamation
puts into neutral saenchai neutral these dudes neutral neutral neutral .
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral toscano neutral avoided neutral hnegative neutral with that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral of neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hyped neutral fuck neutral neutral
neutral neutral multistop hnegative multistop
neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral , sponsored neutral the neutral god's ! negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative commenting when your neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative
these neutral ads neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral multistop
intensifier neutral neutral has the waviest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
lololol multistop javad neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hands neutral neutral hey multistop you neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive lol
thi neutral the neutral clinch-heavy neutral neutral neutral muay neutral neutral lol
intensifier hpositive neutral neutral
could neutral neutral neutral , tbh .
you gotta neutral shitting neutral , neutral hnegative multistop
that hnegative neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . hnegative
that positive neutral of thi neutral neutral , positive neutral that neutral lumpinee positive neutral neutral songkran neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral scheduled neutral neutral followed neutral neutral neutral neutral / / neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( ict ) . neutral positive and hpositive weekends .
that neutral negative omg . hnegative neutral neutral neutral knocked positive positive gets neutral neutral kicked
the neutral neutral ftw ? ! what neutral negative lmao
omg that neutral intensifier negative
neutral neutral for the neutral negative of months , the positive fights neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral fights . thi shit positive nuts !
neutral bigdeli neutral positive negative chatri . neutral these guys hpositive neutral
neutral negator neutral they positive neutral him neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral positive intensifier elbows multistop and the neutral they positive neutral neutral would neutral positive hnegative multistop neutral intensifier hnegative multistop
hpositive negative neutral from bohic
the neutral neutral to hnegative him negative hpositive to him . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral
intensifier that neutral hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral from the neutral jumping neutral to hnegative the neutral
that neutral neutral , neutral neutral combo neutral hnegative , neutral .
neutral , chatri . atomweight neutral with neutral neutral to neutral the neutral .
for neutral hpositive .
these fights neutral intensifier positive to neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral and negator neutral and neutral until
intensifier javad neutral diminisher neutral
neutral muay neutral neutral ; neutral neutral neutral
muay neutral positive neutral .
that neutral intensifier neutral
aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh multiexclamation
intensifier neutral neutral thi positive sparta
that neutral hpositive intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral they negator neutral draws neutral neutral lol ? the neutral positive neutral neutral to their rules becaus of the neutral . neutral negative rafi neutral the neutral neutral rounds neutral negator that hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral
intensifier positive negative from bohic
hpositive
intensifier positive multistop positive neutral neutral ?
neutral should neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral !
neutral negator neutral rewatching the neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral how negative that neutral neutral from neutral
hpositive combo !
negative , dentungtong positive neutral intensifier negative negator neutral to neutral him and neutral neutral the neutral , neutral these guys looked intensifier hpositive hnegative neutral
thi neutral has positive neutral intensifier negative !
fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral !
neutral neutral the neutral negator neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral the tests wtf
neutral you neutral for hnegative neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral and neutral fights
kicked neutral the neutral seconds neutral , hnegative .
negative ! neutral negator neutral that !
negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral mt neutral wtf ?
intensifier neutral grabbed that intensifier neutral neutral when rocked . diminisher positive neutral
subba negative neutral neutral negative
that neutral neutral neutral neutral of the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
planted her positive neutral neutral .
neutral fighters neutral nuts . neutral neutral hnegative when my neutral gets negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator . thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive to inches to the neutral .
what neutral intensifier neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral outdone themselv intensifier neutral positive .
hpositive neutral
ohhhhhhhh shit
negative
negative ?
neutral my neutral , dat negative !
hes negator responding to coste negative surprised neutral neutral wants him to neutral lol
that neutral neutral positive negative haha multistop
neutral 's neutral to neutral the neutral thi positive neutral multistop
positive , we hpositive that rafi positive neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive positive neutral neutral fighters for neutral .
that positive diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral
what neutral headkick multistop
dammmn that neutral hnegative ! looked positive neutral neutral neutral outclassed until multistop
that neutral neutral positive hpositive
thi neutral neutral intensifier of positive , neutral these neutral neutral positive they neutral positive neutral
negative neutral neutral neutral kongtoranee , neutral multiexclamation
the neutral neutral deserves neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive to hnegative heads neutral they neutral the neutral .
chatri should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral sinc neutral americans and europeans neutral the neutral hnegative and neutral neutral thi with hnegative neutral
neutral neutral intensifier negative
neutral neutral hnegative
subba positive neutral concussed .
hey the neutral sounds neutral diminisher hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher shots neutral
neutral positive neutral positive that konosuba survived the neutral neutral neutral looked concussed neutral the neutral neutral .
anyon hpositive neutral neutral the neutral credentialed fighters neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral !
neutral hnegative shots neutral neutral , neutral neutral would intensifier positive to neutral neutral diminisher intensifier positive , these to neutral neutral
samingdam positive neutral goddamn nutjob , intensifier hpositive negative
ngorbangkapi mawynn positive neutral neutral lbs neutral they neutral neutral neutral to and neutral neutral , negator neutral
neutral neutral negative to neutral nong-o neutral haggerty neutral the multistop
seems neutral dure the results ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive tapaokaew neutral the and rounds
holyfuck they bringing neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations hes neutral
goddayum neutral positive kicked neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
the gods of ultra-violence neutral pleased positive
intensifier that positive intensifier hnegative
negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ? if that neutral neutral neutral positive that diminisher neutral negative shit
whew , that neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
these photographers neutral neutral lol
what neutral neutral
neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the negative these guys neutral . positive neutral hundreds of fights and neutral they neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral gloves . the neutral neutral of mt positive intensifier positive
hpositive neutral neutral , these to neutral gooooood
neutral neutral neutral neutral fuck neutral hpositive neutral the khunsuk vs kohtao and negative . neutral wanna neutral them neutral the positive neutral
coste neutral hpositive positive neutral from the sidelines lmao
lets neutral . everyth neutral petsukumvit
shit neutral
neutral farang positive positive to clinching
nurzaman neutral bacne
chacne neutral
looks positive neutral has neutral neutral from neutral neutral
sucks neutral gotta neutral for neutral diminisher hours , positive the neutral to neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral the neutral
subba neutral clinching you noob neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral intensifier clinching
seems intensifier neutral lmao
whew , that neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral gets kicked neutral the 's deserves neutral positive

- esbachev thi neutral
positive her negative okay ?
these to neutral to neutral the neutral neutral : neutral positive for pussies
neutral neutral samingdam thanking sor ae ? positive neutral neutral jitmuangnon neutral ?
boooooooo
those hpositive shells multiquestion
neutral the hpositive shells ?
negator that neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive .
intensifier thi neutral looks positive diminisher worldstar streetfight
neutral neutral neutral petsumkumvit positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral weeks and neutral looked neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral for negative neutral . they positive to neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral haa neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive , positive neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral . hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier multistop negator neutral of neutral . we neutral neutral spirits of muaythai neutral ( nai khanomtom and phrajao suea )
neutral neutral neutral my favorites
positive neutral ads , intensifier neutral of neutral to chatri & fighters' neutral .
bruh , neutral neutral positive the same…… multistop neutral dgaf !
positive we would negator neutral that sparta / kamen neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral of samingdan and wanted him to neutral neutral positive neutral negative
neutral mt neutral intensifier clinch-heavy than thi neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , thi neutral positive neutral clinch-heavy neutral neutral lumpinee neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral weeks neutral . positive for the heads neutral
hnegative positive thi neutral 's atomweight muay neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral fighters becaus of neutral neutral of neutral fighters who're neutral thi neutral neutral , and neutral fighters neutral negator hpositive negative .
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral these
negator draws
negator draws , neutral positive negative .
raffi gets neutral neutral the neutral , neutral tapaokaew would neutral the neutral .
positive neutral for neutral koty from et 's neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that the neutral positive gonna neutral positive neutral vr for neutral . neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral vr neutral
neutral neutral
neutral : neutral neutral bigdeli : multistop neutral : neutral your gloves bigdeli : neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral . neutral : neutral positive hpositive , neutral him neutral the neutral .
neutral wanted neutral positive neutral positive negative positive the neutral neutral we hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral
the hnegative neutral negator hnegative intensifier neutral seems positive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral should've positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hands neutral neutral negative neutral . hpositive neutral hpositive positive neutral jumping neutral to the neutral neutral of intensifier neutral hnegative .
neutral lumpinee positive the neutral of hpositive neutral
rafi neutral neutral neutral lumpinee neutral .
neutral positive mt neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral how you neutral the neutral positive positive rafi neutral the neutral neutral and tapaokaew neutral the neutral . rafi could neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral .
neutral diminisher neutral that neutral negative hnegative , neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral with the neutral .
mt fighters neutral neutral neutral to " negative " negative who're positive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral negative the hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral . thi positive neutral and neutral " neutral positive " neutral mt views neutral for neutral 's neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral and hpositive .
that positive negator from gyno , neutral they neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , reduces neutral / diminisher noticable . negator hnegative what that neutral could neutral from , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative hnegative . seems positive neutral neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative than that neutral .
she negative him to neutral fc .
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive kohtao , means hpositive neutral .
negator neutral hpositive neutral intensifier than neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral hnegative for these
neutral neutral multistop neutral negator neutral these fights multistop
neutral , thi should neutral neutral hpositive .
positive hpositive to neutral hnegative negative neutral thi neutral positive negative hpositive to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the usa neutral neutral , they positive hpositive neutral thi for hnegative .
neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral the neutral neutral multistop
how the negative neutral they neutral positive ? hpositive vibes ? lmao . neutral neutral depends neutral neutral neutral intensifier rounds , neutral neutral we hpositive negator hpositive the neutral neutral .
positive
neutral the neutral neutral positive the closest neutral neutral neutral positive tapaokaew neutral the hpositive shots neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral im hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral : anantasak phanyutthaphum .
neutral neutral neutral the negative positive neutral neutral of neutral for the positive to neutral neutral neutral . seems positive she neutral neutral neutral
she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the muay neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral rooting for him hpositive for that
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral hnegative of negative neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral kd positive neutral neutral neutral neutral mt .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral if the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( someth positive that neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral to neutral mma positive neutral ) , intensifier we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive . jitmuangnont positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral positive neutral neutral ( jitmuangnont / neutral neutral neutral ) .
positive that neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you that makes positive
everyon 's commented neutral izzi , neutral neutral positive the neutral to neutral that burns looks positive neutral neutral neutral kid and masvidal gives neutral the vibes of neutral neutral guido neutral hangs neutral neutral deli and says neutral neutral opinions neutral *little* negative positive .
lol izzi neutral neutral with that neutral . positive positive negative r/mma neutral .
neutral neutral neutral izzi positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negative diminisher negative the neutral neutral for neutral neutral diminisher .
pereira positive positive the neutral cousins from hpositive neutral neutral
looks positive neutral neutral negative vs neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to izzi . hnegative and neutral that neutral , the neutral positive negative neutral neutral and has neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral with neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral thi positive neutral to him .
jizzy with the bdsm neutral
neutral positive negator neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative negative with their neutral hnegative neutral positive minutes neutral , neutral hpositive that they neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral these guys neutral for positive neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
burns hpositive neutral jorg !

neutral the videos of him negative neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral neutral into neutral neutral hpositive positive
adesanya positive neutral ?
whoever neutral jorg 's braids positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral negative masvidal intensifier neutral hpositive neutral . multistop neutral hpositive my neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral my neutral aswel neutral won\`t neutral what diminisher of neutral hnegative neutral i\`d neutral multistop
positive positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral breakin' neutral boogaloo
pearls and neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral the faceoff , ?
how neutral izzi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive against the neutral
neutral from jorg hpositive neutral . everybodi neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral : neutral realized that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
izzi looks neutral neutral of the
izzi positive positive tits and neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral invited to neutral neutral neutral neutral for storytime
neutral has neutral
re-rematch ?
izzi positive the neutral and neutral , neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral pickers
neutral neutral that neutral neutral to positive positive that izzi , neutral neutral neutral 's hnegative , neutral their neutral kickboxing neutral ( pereira neutral awarded neutral neutral positive ) neutral their neutral kickboxing neutral izzi neutral destroying him and the neutral positive separated them to neutral pereira neutral positive neutral which neutral survived . neutral neutral neutral izzi and neutral neutral neutral . that neutral positive negative izzi positive neutral my neutral , that neutral neutral neutral if the neutral would negator neutral jumped neutral and hpositive pereira.in mma , that positive negative adesanya positive neutral tko . neutral their neutral neutral , you guys neutral what happened , izzi neutral negative and neutral positive neutral . the neutral that neutral positive - positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral izzi .
neutral izzi wtf positive that neutral . lmao
alex positive positive neutral neutral hitman from neutral hnegative .
you hpositive what neutral positive ? neutral positive neutral negative neutral what neutral positive . neutral positive anti-italian neutral !
> masvidal gives neutral the vibes of neutral neutral guido neutral hangs neutral neutral deli and says neutral neutral opinions neutral diminisher negative positive . " and aye neutral . neutral toni , you hpositive neutral and you hpositive neutral negator neutral foe'kin neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral multistop them they hpositive multistop neutral comin neutral and neutral charged neutral ] . neutral hpositive hpositive they positive intensifier positive tina 's boyfriend , neutral positive neutral of the hpositive ones . "
neutral positive burns neutral neutral positive positive negative mma neutral of neutral neutral and neutral negator unse neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral of them multistop which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you of ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive involving neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive neutral neutral . negative . neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral .
melvin manhoef hpositive neutral ?
im hnegative that izzi 's hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral from how neutral burns looked neutral neutral fuck neutral them neutral
neutral neutral has positive neutral !
danni the neutral
neutral positive into neutral neutral .

neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral into thi neutral pereira has positive meming izzi for positive positive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive if neutral positive positive into neutral to neutral neutral .

becaus neutral positive negative updog
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive the iq neutral thi subreddit hnegative neutral challenged to positive neutral neutral
eddieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
neutral positive neutral melvin manhoef neutral . hpositive gotta hpositive the neutral with the neutral .
positive , wtf neutral that ? sinc when positive thi neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral would diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive hnegative for negator hpositive neutral .
neutral gonna neutral and neutral him with neutral neutral if neutral loses
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral tries to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral weirdo neutral negative mma neutral should negator neutral hpositive neutral kickboxing neutral , intensifier if neutral for the neutral .
arf arf multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral , hpositive neutral negator neutral username the rd neutral
“ positive negative neutral neutral . ” neutral neutral neutral . of neutral neutral wants neutral neutral . neutral would neutral positive “ nah , neutral positive diminisher negator neutral for the neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral for to minutes , neutral intensifier
lol how positive thi neutral ''positive'' neutral of neutral ? when has neutral neutral neutral neutral negator wanted negative neutral neutral ? intensifier negator . and neutral the negative would anyon negator negative negative neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral the kickboxing neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him positive to negative neutral neutral . seemed neutral for that neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral mma neutral
> positive multiquestion neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral himself ? intensifier positive izzi wanted negative neutral neutral ( neutral hnegative for the neutral neutral ) and alex positive neutral
neutral neutral liked to neutral with neutral neutral 's neutral
which positive ironic positive how neutral of negative neutral neutral positive
that positive what happens when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral appears neutral neutral , judging neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive negative af negative .
wtf ? !
for those neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral lol
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral thi with my neutral neutral the neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative than playing / neutral . hnegative neutral him neutral .
neutral neutral to alex neutral the neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral the neutral . my neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral chews neutral neutral towels neutral someth .
neutral neutral for neutral
seems positive neutral . neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral negator positive neutral mma fans neutral things positive that neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral ” negator neutral my neutral multiexclamation ” . neutral reddit has negative positive mma fans neutral .
my neutral
negative neutral positive negator neutral . to neutral positive if neutral neutral negator and seemed neutral discouraged , neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral for the neutral .
you negative him to neutral negative neutral sm bro ?
you positive neutral to neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral than izzi to neutral neutral the neutral positive that .
hmmm neutral neutral positive of neutral hpositive neutral with that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral tf neutral neutral neutral that , neutral positive hnegative *at best* . if you negative neutral neutral , neutral means you intensifier neutral negative neutral . neutral positive positive neutral bdsm neutral neutral neutral neutral
the multistop

neutral , hnegative neutral , you neutral neutral paragraphs of neutral neutral neutral positive alex .
neutral outa neutral multiexclamation
columbus neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral hpositive . and they wanna neutral neutral neutral from neutral
you hpositive what fbi stands for " neutral negative the italians "
neutral neutral positive , neutral adesanya ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral thi neutral neutral masvidal positive negative
neutral neutral positive neutral to fuck yo shit neutral neutral with diminisher relaxing positive
the neutral neutral that smells
neutral of negative
neutral likes neutral neutral
what neutral dork .
midjourney , / hnegative eddi alvarez bringing neutral neutral adesanya neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral

guys neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral danni the neutral neutral my neutral multistop
negator , neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral
" neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral for you " - adesanya
" neutral jus wanna neutral diminisher pitchers " - adahmersanya

that positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
burns reminded neutral of mario and neutral with that neutral , hpositive .
the positive positive of negative neutral sinc jingliang 's neutral
what neutral positive neutral that neutral multistop
neutral hpositive the intensifier neutral , negative of neutral " neutral neutral " from the neutral
thi positive negative neutral lmao
neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi .
negator hnegative if anyon neutral 's comp positive neutral to the hnegative neutral neutral , neutral intensifier hnegative you neutral negative neutral neutral ? that positive diminisher neutral hpositive neutral the “ neutral the fuck neutral ” that usman neutral neutral neutral london .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative unecessary hnegative neutral neutral neutral the wwe neutral neutral positive .
hey negator positive ! neutral neutral negative neutral !
when neutral loses*
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral elbows ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral counters to the neutral neutral
fuck what you heard neutral what you hearin
neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hp neutral pereira and intensifier neutral the neutral neutral legs and neutral neutral damaged neutral neutral couldnt neutral pereira when pereira neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral diminisher neutral negative . that positive what positive positive to neutral tbh .
“ neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive hnegative for pereira that my neutral neutral hits positive neutral ” - izzi , neutral
neutral positive hpositive negative , neutral intensifier , when neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral seems intensifier positive to neutral and negative negative
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral you neutral ? neutral positive negator positive neutral y'all neutral intensifier obsessed with these dudes personalities . they neutral intensifier neutral fighters .
neutral youtube neutral positive intensifier hpositive sinc neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral positive positive cringy .
you hpositive what , if neutral triggers members neutral the subreddit thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral for neutral
tbh neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral thi . neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral . the intensifier neutral attempts these cring lines the intensifier neutral stumbles into hpositive ones neutral and positive . positive neutral they positive neutral them neutral positive videos and shit . neutral hpositive him neutral negative him neutral positive earned neutral neutral . neutral if that elsa neutral positive sooo neutral intensifier negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , you neutral negator negative to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral thi neutral multistop
neutral neutral 's neutral , positive neutral .
wtf
you positive playing with your neutral 's neutral multistop neutral ?
neutral negator neutral with your neutral to sentences . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that you neutral him . neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive of to years ( they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral hpositive how intensifier hnegative neutral positive . neutral positive positive to years and neutral neutral neutral them positive . fuck neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative for your negative my neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral .
bro neutral neutral
neutral positive negator that neutral . neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative how you neutral neutral neutral ( heheh )
negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
thi neutral positive neutral
neutral negator kinkshame bro
downvotes neutral neutral negative becaus we neutral neutral to hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral hpositive hnegative neutral negative neutral . izzi tries intensifier hnegative to neutral negative neutral positive positive negative .
hpositive diminisher neutral neutral combo neutral fu multistop
that neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral everyth cejudo neutral for
neutral negator positive reddit positive neutral realising how hnegative that pos positive multistop neutral neutral neutral hated that neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral him positive positive neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral ufc neutral positive the dork neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral reddit neutral lol
hpositive neutral thi , neutral would neutral my internet negator neutral , positive neutral to neutral thi neutral
neutral mma neutral has that neutral neutral neutral of messages where neutral asks " neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral you would neutral negative to neutral ? " . for the neutral years my neutral neutral neutral manhoef . hnegative neutral positive negator the neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral . lbs of neutral steroids honed to neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral . melvin attacks neutral positive they hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral with rose-tinted neutral
lmfao " neutral neutral multiexclamation "
neutral
the neutral neutral negator neutral alex neutral him neutral for hpositive hnegative . neutral of thanking the neutral , neutral claimed neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive multistop
neutral neutral hpositive neutral
thi positive hnegative lmao neutral neutral hnegative our neutral neutral , neutral of bitchs , paulo neutral would neutral someth to positive neutral thi !
neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral izzi and kamaru 's hnegative antics lol…very neutral imo
becaus neutral neutral to neutral to them negative neutral pressers , neutral , pods etc . if neutral negative to hpositive neutral how their neutral neutral , neutral they neutral with , where their heads neutral and intensifier neutral . if neutral intensifier hpositive positive the fights neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral , neutral neutral would negator neutral how hnegative thi neutral positive .
neutral negator neutral neutral you enjoyed neutral " neutral neutral neutral the neutral bleeds neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bleeds " hpositive neutral into the hnegative neutral . neutral positive positive neutral " i'm neutral neutral , neutral to neutral un-leashed " neutral from the presser , positive that positive hpositive if you hpositive neutral neutral with neutral neutral the neutral , neutral we hpositive neutral rehearses these lines . neutral positive negative .
neutral seemed to positive neutral ( positive neutral rubs ) . hpositive neutral positive sheated . neutral negator neutral neutral , bro .
neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral ish neutral that neutral . neutral neutral you hpositive neutral to the neutral hnegative neutral that neutral to your positive and typed neutral hoping for points
what neutral positive neutral positive we neutral neutral to neutral these neutral dudes neutral . neutral the negative neutral you neutral what neutral positive neutral ? neutral anyth neutral for that negative that neutral negator neutral them neutral
neutral neutral , neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral how neutral neutral positive him .
> / hnegative eddi alvarez bringing neutral neutral adesanya neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral hpositive shows to guys positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , lol . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral gon neutral neutral to ya
thi positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral
neutral the negative neutral positive neutral diminisher positive / neutral . they neutral negator the neutral fighters to neutral negative hpositive negative .
negator gets hnegative , neutral positive hpositive positive and screams " neutral neutral neutral ! " . positive atleast kamaru hpositive neutral positive negative negative , izzi *literally* has the neutral from that neutral neutral neutral and positive hnegative neutral pretending positive neutral positive neutral to neutral " neutral " multistop what positive neutral positive positive neutral that and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative .
neutral neutral neutral malded neutral neutral neutral 's hnegative hnegative antics neutral when colby , masvidal , o'malley , etc neutral anyth . polarizing fighters neutral shit becaus neutral neutral positive for negative negative to negative neutral them lol .
kamaru and izzi neutral negator intensifier positive . kamaru positive neutral neutral hpositive cornball . izzi positive neutral hnegative entitled cunt .
neutral hpositive neutral
negator you neutral negator . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth . becaus neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral . fights neutral canceled the neutral of neutral . neutral neutral negator positive until they neutral neutral into the neutral
nah you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral of that . neutral positive izzi and neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral conferences neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . that positive what neutral neutral neutral for , neutral neutral negator neutral anymore neutral
neutral positive neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral multistop we neutral negative neutral him intensifier you hpositive neutral hnegative lines makes neutral negative neutral him . neutral assumes diminisher neutral that sounds neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative positive neutral flops neutral neutral uses neutral for neutral neutral neutral . intensifier positive neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral hears neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral with friends and hpositive neutral what sucks neutral gets laughed neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the presser neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative !
that positive what makes neutral hnegative for neutral . neutral neutral thinks of neutral neutral and convinces himself neutral positive neutral , delivers neutral and neutral intensifier bombs , neutral neutral positive years neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral to hpositive himself neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral of neutral neutral than the neutral and negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral articles positive neutral neutral of neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral that neutral positive intensifier positive online ? neutral neutral what you hpositive to neutral hnegative neutral neutral , negator everyon would neutral with
neutral negator thibk hes the neutral neutral neutral neutral brazza multistop
bro , neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive exams neutral your pets ? neutral positive positive they neutral negator neutral hpositive animals neutral somthing .
bro neutral positive negator that neutral
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral mentioning neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral and neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral to negative neutral neutral .
neutral you negator hnegative neutral positive hnegative , and that positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , *it 's negator that deep*
what
neutral positive having positive and neutral bothers you
of neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral to diminisher neutral positive for neutral neutral positive positive .
the negative neutral of fighters positive hnegative negative negative dure neutral buildups neutral lol . that positive neutral the neutral that neutral positive hpositive neutral the mic and neutral hpositive neutral neutral ( chael , mcgregor , nate diaz , neutral , moicano , tuivasa , and neutral nate the neutral ) . the neutral intensifier hnegative negative negative izzi has positive neutral the neutral against yoel . neutral positive neutral negative negative against neutral neutral positive , the ricki neutral neutral neutral hpositive haha .

neutral positive hpositive my hnegative ‍️
neutral hpositive that positive what neutral neutral you neutral intensifier diminisher positive into neutral neutral . you neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral . hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral typing neutral contributing negator to the neutral
neutral negative neutral negator positive the neutral of mentioning neutral . neutral to neutral what positive the neutral ? what positive the neutral neutral ? positive negative .
neutral negative when you neutral positive neutral thi for thi neutral . you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral could've neutral neutral to the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jumpsuit . and neutral would negator neutral batted negative neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral positive negative you gotta neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral
the leaps neutral neutral to negative to negator positive neutral izzi positive positive neutral neutral positive what positive bothering . neutral has the neutral negative neutral neutral hands positive .

my neutral positive . neutral positive preety positive intensifier negative of neutral positive the antics negative .
neutral positive negative and positive for diminisher neutral . and thi positive neutral neutral for neutral , seems intensifier neutral neutral to neutral . neutral " neutral " positive negator required .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral fans ( and fans of kamaru ) neutral they neutral neutral and negative multistop neutral neutral " negative " lol . neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive that neutral positive , and for diminisher neutral / neutral fans neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral positive representing someth you neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral naruto antics and hnegative neutral neutral to neutral hpositive him having positive , and neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral multistop hpositive that to neutral intensifier of the assholes that neutral neutral the neutral and the negative of negative neutral toward izzi for neutral hnegative antics positive neutral my hnegative negator intensifier justified.granted , izzi neutral neutral to neutral himself neutral diminisher negative positive and if neutral neutral positive has neutral diminisher hnegative comments neutral the neutral , neutral to neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral hnegative antics
neutral positive positive the izzi haters neutral neutral neutral hnegative . you guys neutral obsessed with the neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral lol . positive neutral neutral yourself , neutral neutral positive you positive izzi positive neutral 'spoiled entitled cunt' . you neutral negator neutral hpositive the neutral . neutral neutral how positive you neutral lmao .

neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for others to neutral negative shit and neutral insults . hnegative neutral . neutral hpositive you negator intensifier hnegative neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral the internet neutral neutral positive that hpositive irks neutral hnegative irl . neutral neutral negative izzi would negator neutral kicks neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive of neutral neutral and pearls . neutral hpositive hpositive thi neutral neutral negator neutral into neutral neutral of youtube / facebook negative of ” mma comments ” .
neutral the neutral positive diminisher we neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral to neutral these dudes neutral to neutral neutral positive the positive . neutral the negative neutral neutral shit intensifier neutral negator negative . they neutral gonna neutral to neutral neutral that neutral and neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral that matters . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck with these dudes positive for neutral neutral how they neutral their neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral
neutral neutral everybodi neutral neutral " neutral 's hnegative " ? negator positive neutral neutral neutral dork positive hnegative anyon lol . the neutral neutral positive " positive izzi neutral ? " , and everyon neutral " neutral neutral positive negative , and neutral diminisher of neutral dork " positive negator positive neutral hpositive neutral against that .

neutral neutral negator negative to neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of the neutral neutral for the neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral the neutral . they hpositive negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral hnegative . and when that positive your neutral neutral . you neutral negator intensifier neutral anyth to negative neutral until that happens intensifier you hpositive neutral and hpositive neutral and neutral ends neutral neutral the neutral neutral shit
neutral neutral diminisher neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral dork warrants neutral the negative izzi gets becaus of neutral multistop positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral dork neutral intensifier neutral means you should neutral bullied and hated neutral for neutral neutral dork
you guys positive neutral positive izzi neutral neutral dork positive hnegative you neutral

neutral neutral neutral for intensifier neutral fighters neutral to the ufc . these kazakh guys neutral diminisher intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral hpositive neutral how they positive intensifier hnegative thi neutral would neutral to ufc intensifier negative .
neutral asia neutral neutral
kazakhstan 's negative neutral positive neutral to neutral from neutral to badass neutral neutral athletes
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive the neutral diminisher hours positive neutral diminisher positive kazakh neutral positive you neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral .
kazakh neutral . zhalgas positive the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral the ufc hpositive neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral terms of bodies . neutral negative the ufc neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi positive the neutral neutral . of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive you hpositive , they positive neutral the neutral of neutral the neutral . hpositive positive to positive to neutral intensifier into asia positive positive that they neutral neutral themselv neutral the neutral . thi positive that negative has anyth neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of positive hpositive hnegative . neutral positive negator neutral the neutral should neutral neutral guys neutral neutral and positive negator neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral from the neutral .
azamat bagatov
shavkat ️️ neutral 's neutral
neutral 's maksum neutral for thi neutral neutral
" intensifier neutral . "
intensifier neutral ! neutral neutral smesh neutral uzbecks .
when asked to neutral neutral the ufc 's signing of neutral newest negative brandon moreno held neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral , " lalalalala you positive negator neutral thi multiexclamation "
lets neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive negator negative khusein askhabov
laura sanko salivatin rn .
intensifier neutral asians comin neutral / positive hopes neutral to neutral f'd neutral neutral the ufc multistop hpositive neutral !
how neutral cans
negator neutral has neutral negative neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive how positive the ufc 's negative neutral positive . intensifier neutral hpositive countries and neutral styles .
dimash kudaibergen neutral neutral their neutral neutral
genghis positive neutral proud !
positive diminisher of neutral positive fights . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral with iether moreno neutral figueroa . neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for the neutral negative of years .
neutral neutral neutral kazakh dudes positive . neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral that hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . kinbozan .
dagestan you heard neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral that lmao kazakh takeover . the negative neutral has negative prospects neutral neutral neutral shit
mongols neutral neutral dominating multistop neutral .
neutral hnegative nations neutral hnegative neutral neutral athletes .
sinc you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral arman ashimov .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive talents neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral firuza sharipova transitioning to mma sinc she positive neutral negative and has intensifier neutral neutral if she neutral hpositive the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral negator neutral maksum positive neutral neutral positive neutral underwhelming and neutral ufc neutral
neutral outlets reached neutral to neutral signed neutral azat maksum to neutral to neutral neutral moreno , to which neutral neutral : “ the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive my neutral of neutral neutral neutral pamela neutral my neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral her neutral . ”
mma fans when neutral negative neutral from the neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral signed to the ufc
judging from records , neutral opponents positive negative , neutral neutral okay neutral guys . diminisher neutral neutral for negative neutral and neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive tbh
neutral .
neutral you hpositive , we neutral hpositive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral they neutral from , kazakhstan neutral of that bs .
neutral neutral , where neutral neutral neutral unhear neutral ?
neutral
dogestan
if you neutral neutral neutral of negative prospects , you should neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral to ufc tournaments becaus they neutral diminisher of the neutral neutral negative prospects . the neutral neutral ones , neutral my hnegative , neutral : neutral years neutral . rei years neutral . neutral years neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral of them positive neutral signed becaus of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive to neutral the ufc neutral to hpositive negative neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral the hnegative neutral ? hpositive asking — negator intensifier positive of the negative neutral . neutral neutral negative tatsuro taira and muhammad mokaev neutral neutral of them ?
kazakh takeover yessir neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral firuza sharipova neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral womens neutral and she has positive talked neutral positive to neutral neutral positive
intensifier mongorians…
muslim mongols . shades of tamerlane .
neutral positive neutral ordained neutral the positive neutral neutral that our warriors would positive
neutral asians neutral neutral neutral , negator mongolians . neutral negator neutral neutral of them neutral you positive that
hehe hpositive neutral
neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of the neutral neutral
cans neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's careers , neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral diminisher fighters with neutral records neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral dudes with negative positive rates .
nah dagestan hpositive
neutral that positive hpositive the ufc has positive neutral positive to neutral fighters neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative performances neutral neutral losses . neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi with my neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral intensifier guys contracts to neutral and negative neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral arman ashimov to hpositive neutral neutral neutral ufc . neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral positive the rumour positive neutral has positive positive signed , and neutral neutral positive positive neutral the ufc neutral neutral . the neutral has intensifier negative neutral . has negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral signed . intensifier hnegative neutral of the finalists positive signed from the neutral neutral to ufc neutral .
neutral with jake hadley ! neutral you hpositive him ?
dem mongorians neutral positive the shitty walls of ufc
negative of neutral neutral
kazakhs neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral . intensifier neutral from neutral neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral wins neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral them , negator positive neutral neutral from padded
that neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral to ufc
neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral , pioneering the neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral has to neutral neutral . positive neutral to neutral how the neutral continues to neutral into the negative neutral neutral negative positive .
neutral don't ! positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral fights . neutral you !
neutral positive positive that positive intensifier hpositive for neutral neutral mma
positive neutral positive negative negative neutral tbh .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral lasted . neutral neutral neutral neutral what haha
negator hnegative ! neutral neutral hpositive what you neutral , him and mokaev neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral intensifier they positive hpositive neutral neutral
positive bets neutral
of neutral neutral the fuckin hnegative positive to hnegative the presser neutral bitching neutral fighters negator neutral neutral . what positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? you neutral negator negative the fighters to negative diminisher shit multiquestion someth positive neutral neutral with that neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive noticing neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral positive neutral trt neutral neutral if neutral neutral keeps asking for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral these neutral . what neutral neutral ! hnegative !
neutral neutral negative negative hnegative neutral the neutral neutral . negative .
neutral neutral to the neutral editing embedded episodes positive . hnegative deadlines , neutral neutral positive your neutral and negator neutral neutral notices . neutral neutral neutral for you if you neutral to negative .
anyon hpositive the ufc neutral negator neutral with london neutral the go-to uk neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative for fans neutral the neutral . if we neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral uk shows neutral neutral neutral london neutral the and neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral , glasgow , cardiff , belfast , neutral etc .
izzi would neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral lmao
adesanya has positive neutral intensifier intensifier intensifier neutral neutral . positive , " positive knocked neutral neutral alex pereira and hasn't positive the neutral sinc " negative neutral thi strengthens my positive that neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative from the neutral and hnegative hnegative
neutral positive raul rosas neutral neutral talks positive if you neutral neutral neutral neutral with brett okamoto into negative gpt
hnegative negative : positive
if neutral neutral negative mma neutral neutral would neutral my coaches to positive my positive quotes dure the neutral neutral of neutral neutral
tito quotes neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral seems
nunes vs pena neutral neutral neutral for your positive neutral neutral positive intensifier negative tbh
positive neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral pereira hpositive neutral
neutral the champs neutral negator defenses neutral neutral neutral volk / neutral . negative to neutral aljo positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative marks neutral neutral of neutral neutral fights .
lhw positive intensifier intensifier neutral . negator neutral thi neutral keeps neutral positive . neutral negative neutral they neutral negative neutral neutral positive they hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral has neutral positive hnegative neutral negative to neutral neutral . neutral has neutral hnegative one-sided negative , glover has neutral hnegative one-sided negative , ankalev neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral with neutral that neutral neutral to neutral the neutral to whoever neutral neutral neutral positive the intensifier neutral neutral . you hpositive they neutral jon neutral neutral thi neutral neutral .
diminisher neutral ears neutral positive neutral .
neutral when neutral vilified positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus of neutral . neutral nunes pulls neutral hnegative numbers and gets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and negative to neutral someth neutral thi neutral sinc chri jericho and fozzy .
hnegative caveman positive neutral : introducing the neutral , neutral adesanyaaaaa multiexclamation neutral pans to neutral , neutral neutral neutral with neutral negative appears
neutral positive neutral ufc has negator positive hnegative neutral neutral positive positive than neutral positive to their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral connections with youtube clowns . neutral lol , alex , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral lol , volk neutral hpositive , neutral intensifier of hpositive and neutral negator neutral . that positive your champs neutral they positive negator neutral the bellator guys neutral positive positive neutral neutral the champs and neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral tehehe . downbadfc , the neutral positive neutral neutral .
sucks that anik and florian positive neutral draftkings neutral , neutral of ads
neutral hpositive if nate regrets neutral neutral neutral the jake neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral paid neutral gamebred neutral
raul rosas jr neutral to neutral humbled neutral .
if neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral saturday…
neutral fuckers intensifier hpositive how to neutral neutral shit into into neutral
hpositive grabbed tickets for the neutral ufc neutral . gonna positive my pops for neutral bday
diminisher neutral demian neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral negative of neutral wins neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc . thi positive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral has intensifier ufc wins neutral neutral than neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the records neutral mw and ww ; intensifier than gerald meerschaert , and intensifier than gunnar neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral wins neutral mw and ww . **he positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral wins neutral ufc neutral neutral hnegative of neutral class** . neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative .
ngl the to neutral fights neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . that neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative lol . positive where neutral positive positive .
apologies for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive okay if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral of neutral , neutral conducting neutral neutral how neutral positive mma fighters . neutral that thi positive neutral subreddit of mma fans , neutral neutral that your expertise would neutral neutral appreciated neutral neutral neutral positive these perceptions hpositive ! neutral neutral :
intensifier poatan positive hpositive gonna neutral izzi positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive burns neutral rn multiquestion neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral insta neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral annoyed that eddi alvarez neutral to donald cerrone , neutral neutral of the reasons eddi positive intensifier disrespected neutral the neutral mma neutral positive . neutral neutral positive alvarez neutral the hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive to cerrone neutral hpositive of iv rehydr with neutral negative hpositive . neutral looked neutral neutral positive than alvarez , neutral positive neutral would neutral iv rehydr to rehydr neutral depleting himself to to neutral neutral neutral negative of the neutral neutral ( compromised positive , neutral , neutral etc ) neutral the iv rehydr neutral , neutral neutral positive to neutral to neutral neutral ko'd neutral neutral anjos ( neutral himself neutral negative from the negative of the iv neutral ) neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral depleted when neutral neutral to lw neutral cerrone started neutral depleted af neutral neutral , and started hnegative neutral intensifier . neutral donald neutral hnegative , which neutral makes eddies negative to neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative than neutral positive neutral , neutral negative that neutral negator positive that eddi neutral to neutral neutral of cerrone neutral the iv rehydr . neutral intensifier positive alvarez & barboza neutral would've neutral the neutral shit neutral of neutral if neutral of them rematched him neutral the iv neutral .
the takes neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral - volk neutral neutral the dagestani neutral neutral positive positive “ solved ” positive hnegative . hpositive to neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive : neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , , neutral positive cardio , , positive and neutral positive volk has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative . solved bro
wtf positive thi neutral hasbulla and neutral neutral
neutral neutral the greatest negative of neutral neutral
alex should neutral neutral to hnegative neutral sepultura thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral boys
negative mma positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral them positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral with twitches to the positive of neutral onto volk for positive neutral hpositive neutral for the neutral to neutral neutral . brotha plz hpositive neutral , brotha neutral im neutral gnp hpositive , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral aka safest neutral neutral neutral , and neutral punched neutral the neutral the neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral himself and hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral lol . hnegative , neutral . positive hnegative
chri weidman intensifier positive neutral
hnegative if pereira wins and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral says neutral neutral " neutral , positive elsa " , and the neutral neutral neutral nuts . neutral positive neutral legit hnegative for izzi .
izzi intensifier negative neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral and everybodi positive hpositive neutral with neutral lol .
neutral hpositive if neutral ufc fighters fuck with neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral
my neutral neutral neutral positive julia budd beats pacheco neutral . negative positive neutral neutral
ares positive intensifier hpositive , neutral . hpositive the hands of thi neutral / neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral her negative with negative . neutral , allowed her to neutral neutral of g&p hpositive to neutral intensifier hpositive shots neutral , hpositive positive
what positive your guys hnegative neutral yanez vs neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral hpositive biased lol
when neutral pfl neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive head-kicked into the neutral positive ? the neutral we neutral of him neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral and positive they stretchered him neutral hnegative neutral
neutral fuck hpositive ufc positive neutral vancouver !
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive how " neutral " neutral counts , neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral him neutral multistop izzi neutral alex neutral the neutral of rd means neutral positive hpositive , neutral alex neutral izzi and negative him neutral hpositive becaus neutral positive the negative
what hpositive wrestlers has izzi positive ? neutral brunson neutral to positive , yoel neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier and negator neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral vettori neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive him neutral neutral neutral ?
mods should neutral the : negator sexualizing fighters positive for neutral negator neutral neutral how neutral positive wwf neutral should neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive to hnegative neutral the schmo positive that
what hnegative neutral neutral neutral one-sided neutral alex and izzi
neutral dc thinks if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral the neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral of the embeddeds neutral neutral ?
neutral fans of fnc neutral neutral ? neutral fighters neutral should neutral hpositive of ?
what neutral the neutral we neutral neutral lesnar vs lashley mma neutral neutral that positive owns wwe ?
mcgregor liked drakes neutral neutral the positive neutral they neutral positive neutral legends negator neutral
neutral hoping dustin neutral that neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier hours neutral from neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral vs oliveira openweight , neutral you positive
positive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral bálor
pereira positive neutral neutral neutral . adesanya could neutral pulled neutral hnegative vs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier and hnegative pereira neutral the downslide .
seems positive kevin neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral of neutral neutral . could neutral having issues with the neutral . neutral : neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . positive neutral would negator hpositive neutral . neutral neutral hnegative . neutral 's neutral neutral .
for negative neutral neutral we neutral to intensifier negator neutral neutral hnegative prospects neutral neutral champs . bo nickal neutral negative , neutral neutral negative ? neutral we neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral where neutral seems negative that they positive positive neutral the neutral negative neutral the bullshit predetermined matches of neutral makcehev . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral and neutral neutral hpositive songs / verses neutral neutral classics positive neutral conor neutral
positive alex pereira the positive muslim neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral " kha " neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
they hpositive merged with the neutral positive wwe the neutral neutral started years neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral what the fuck positive with him ? someth positive positive happens and neutral cries positive neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral him and negative neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral speaks . the comments neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral .
neutral positive the neutral of the ufc , would neutral hnegative to neutral neutral diminisher of neutral ? neutral puts these fights neutral for neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral theyve positive neutral neutral with the neutral diminisher shit , neutral neutral , neutral from cardiff neutral neutral hpositive neutral and hpositive positive negator neutral neutral for neutral lol , that positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
> neutral , neutral , glasgow , cardiff , belfast , neutral etc . intensifier intensifier negative to neutral and neutral neutral neutral the ins & outs of positive accommodations for these negative events . negator neutral the ufc neutral those neutral costs of neutral neutral neutral when they neutral neutral those costs neutral neutral uses of neutral neutral .
positive negator neutral positive neutral hr neutral from neutral upon strapfordshire neutral neutral the intensifier positive the neutral to london ?
neutral negator , thi neutral positive hnegative and neutral negative neutral diminisher eyes neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral
neutral positive gonna hnegative , rematches neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral . the neutral neutral they neutral negator positive when neutral positive neutral intensifier positive positive and that positive negator the neutral neutral these
neutral neutral neutral positive / neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral with , neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to him . thi neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral against the neutral . and neutral negator neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive holds neutral wins neutral him and knocked him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral knows if neutral loses neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative negative to neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral and intensifier positive than neutral . and if neutral loses where neutral neutral neutral from neutral ? they neutral putting that neutral neutral khamzat neutral neutral neutral what they neutral neutral of thi neutral . khamzat makes neutral neutral of the neutral of thi neutral 's neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier positive izzi 's neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral jiri for the neutral neutral neutral neutral from mma .
neutral negator positive hpositive neutral , what positive neutral neutral neutral ?
they neutral to neutral monitoring izzi 's neutral neutral
ivs neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negator neutral the hnegative
izzi 's neutral : " neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral ! negator neutral neutral neutral anymore ! . "
neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral !
to neutral neutral , anyth that makes negator positive positive hnegative to neutral .
nunes positive asking neutral if they wanna neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
intensifier hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral from the neutral neutral has positive intensifier neutral
lhw positive the hnegative neutral , intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral and the neutral of the neutral , negator hnegative neutral and comers , negator negative neutral neutral . hw has aspinall , pavlovich , almeida and neutral neutral positive positive and defending , mw has pereira neutral neutral of revitalized neutral and khamzat neutral neutral , lhw has negator neutral
neutral neutral lhw positive intensifier neutral becaus the fighters neutral negator intensifier positive and neutral that they negator neutral negative hpositive , neutral they neutral intensifier positive and neutral that neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral equalisers . the positive fighters neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , and the hnegative fighters neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . intensifier the fights neutral neutral intensifier positive . the positive neutral makes fans neutral diminisher of fighters neutral negator neutral negative streaks .
positive bellator has neutral hpositive lhw neutral
if your neutral looks positive ponz 's positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral her neutral ( aldana ) .
rogan ?
teep positive that you ?
neutral that adblock neutral
neutral should neutral neutral neutral bkfc neutral neutral ngannou
neutral positive tbf neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , for subs , neutral positive diminisher neutral . neutral dure neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive the results that neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral with the likes of the neutral . thi neutral has positive diminished neutral the neutral to years .
what neutral you neutral , " for having members " ? neutral positive neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral subreddit having intensifier of users and neutral subreddit neutral hpositive . neutral negative cases !
neutral should intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and that neutral neutral neutral .
positive you positive " hpositive positive " ?
neutral neutral pumping my positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral from neutral neutral multistop they neutral neutral neutral negative of fighters neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral answers . neutral to neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral positive what neutral positive .
> neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative . fits with neutral and hnegative neutral shots negative neutral neutral .
negative neutral vs neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral
neutral intensifier hoping for gifs neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier neutral neutral has neutral intensifier neutral to neutral alex neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi . negator would hpositive neutral hpositive than alex koing thi neutral neutral neutral the mma gods neutral hnegative .
neutral positive to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral dure neutral neutral
>his insta neutral neutral . hah , what ?
lol that positive what neutral neutral positive , neutral diminisher of you lads neutral neutral that neutral .
usada neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral the kinds of fans neutral hnegative alvarez neutral neutral that neutral , neutral positive neutral when eddi neutral neutral from bellator . the hpositive positive eddi neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral . neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and bellator . neutral neutral the neutral neutral you wanted to neutral neutral neutral bj penn . shinya aoki neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral alvarez . neutral neutral the neutral fights neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral him , and neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative . neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral negative negative neutral those . and neutral performances against melendez and pettis neutral the ufc neutral neutral positive hnegative , negator hpositive cerrone . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive against rda , becaus we negator neutral that positive , hnegative neutral post-bellator . neutral neutral cageside when neutral neutral positive curran , and neutral the neutral where neutral neutral pettis . negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive fighters . neutral hpositive primed neutral neutral mid-late twenties , and neutral positive when neutral positive to the ufc . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral negator positive positive .
to neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral dagestan 's neutral neutral neutral and khabib 's positive neutral from neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive vs positive neutral and neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral negative neutral . " solved " hnegative neutral overstating neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative how you neutral positive neutral positive hnegative .
negative exiting the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral lw everyon neutral positive poirier , oliveira , gaethje , etc positive mauled and neutral neutral the neutral wherea with volk , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the scorecard via neutral neutral
that neutral positive bjj . if you neutral the neutral neutral ib neutral you positive neutral yourself and hnegative
they neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral of negative abused neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral positive neutral intensifier of negative lol
neutral , your neutral ! you neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral knows , neutral neutral could neutral diminisher neutral diminisher ! hah hah hah hah…
neutral / neutral would neutral neutral . neutral ratamhatta neutral roots intensifier roots . neutral of those would neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral brazilians neutral negator neutral neutral to sepultura
neutral canadians neutral gonna neutral neutral with neutral nunes neutral neutral . neutral if the ufc neutral neutral neutral with hpositive intentions neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral she positive negator gonna neutral neutral with hnegative fans . what positive hnegative with using her to neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive . co-main jamahal neutral 's neutral neutral for neutral .
jamahal defending . neutral neutral negator neutral jiri positive neutral negative , intensifier neutral against ankalaev . if they negator neutral jamahal they hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral cares neutral positive nunes vs aldana to neutral neutral neutral with and neutral the hpositive fights to negative
gaethje vs porier neutral pls
guys , if we neutral the neutral of neutral 's bruised neutral neutral the neutral of him positive neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive , we neutral neutral the neutral overturned and neutral volk neutral positive neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher months neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral the fighters positive neutral the neutral that positive neutral neutral opponents neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral destroyed neutral punches neutral could negator positive neutral negator bailed neutral the neutral lmao .
neutral neutral senpai !
neutral positive neutral bro
what positive thi neutral neutral you neutral of ?
neutral would've positive neutral neutral diminisher years neutral , neutral budd 's neutral her neutral these neutral .
neutral 's neutral underrated positive to how neutral neutral negative fights neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher of their neutral , neutral neutral hnegative 's longtime kickboxing neutral and their bjj neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral hpositive biased negative , neutral they neutral neutral with neutral the positive neutral the neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative 's neutral neutral neutral and has neutral negative intensifier years to neutral for the neutral . yanez positive negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral they negative neutral the neutral areas and neutral positive hpositive negator the neutral matchup for him
est
negator intensifier , neutral that positive negator intensifier neutral him . neutral positive negator neutral wrestlers neutral negative
neutral neutral protected from wrestlers neutral the come-up , neutral positive neutral intensifier of grapplers neutral the neutral neutral could've neutral hpositive of neutral neutral izzi and positive neutral neutral craig vs jamahal neutral neutral of positive neutral him . neutral how neutral positive to neutral those fights positive neutral alex of neutral protected from grapplers multistop the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral accusing alex of hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with neutral neutral . someth someth stones and neutral houses multistop
schmo neutral has neutral hpositive negative hnegative the negative hnegative , neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative with that negative
positive ? if neutral positive neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral the neutral brothers ( ncaa all-americans ) wanted to neutral one-off neutral fights , the ufc could neutral them to neutral diminisher of the guys they neutral signing hnegative neutral neutral . neutral bo nickal diminisher neutral neutral fights that would neutral neutral viewership . neutral neutral negator neutral it'd neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral with
neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . izzi neutral arguably robbed neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral positive thi neutral negative izzi negative ) . the neutral , neutral positive neutral moments neutral neutral positive koed . neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral the scorecards neutral into the neutral and gets tkoed . intensifier , neutral negator positive neutral neutral negative neutral for the positive of fights . with that neutral multistop neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral holds wins neutral him if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral hpositive . aldo negator positive neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral izzi deserves neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , and the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive , neutral seems to positive neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral knocked neutral neutral , that positive diminisher neutral imo , and although neutral makes hpositive neutral , neutral negator neutral kickboxing should hpositive neutral hpositive to their ufc careers , intensifier izzi positive deserves neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral toward negative positive
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
lesnar 's neutral negator neutral username mma anymore . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral shots sinc neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and fuck knows what hnegative consequences of trening neutral hnegative neutral neutral has for that neutral
what neutral the neutral anyon gives neutral fuck neutral
that neutral neutral neutral with the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral heard sinc neutral 's neutral neutral .
neutral would negator neutral positive hpositive neutral it…
multiquestion that positive negator neutral neutral negative
the negative negative
alex positive neutral fresher neutral the mma neutral
neutral neutral heard neutral neutral neutral to negative himself into to intensifier fights , intensifier what neutral you neutral ?
trailblazer neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive into wack neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral
positive negative neutral prospects neutral neutral hpositive to neutral for intensifier neutral that neutral neutral hpositive entry-level neutral and the neutral for what mma pays neutral the negative levels .
‘bullshit predetermined matches' ? lmao .
neutral positive neutral groomer and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral producers and ghostwriters
shoutout to neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral someth with the wwe neutral .
neutral positive negative if neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral should neutral the fuck neutral if the fighters neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative .
would neutral hnegative him to neutral fighters , fans , and journalists neutral diminisher of neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral positive neutral himself to neutral neutral scumbag neutral and neutral neutral
positive , neutral neutral and neutral costs neutral the uk neutral hnegative .
my neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , intensifier negative and hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative tweets those neutral hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral of my neutral
izzi shows neutral with hpositive neutral neutral cups and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
> ivs neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negator neutral the hnegative they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral rules neutral neutral becaus they positive events , usada rules neutral negative neutral the ufc and negator positive neutral neutral neutral rules .
they should negator neutral , and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral they positive until islam-gate . allowing ivs hpositive encourages positive enhancing neutral of the rules , i.e. positive neutral cuts to hnegative negative opponents .
neutral neutral
> lhw has negator neutral *daaaaaamn* neutral gets negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral masterclass of anti-grappling and destroyed the neutral neutral that negative jiri neutral neutral could neutral username neutral neutral one-sided neutral that intensifier negator predicted , and positive neutral neutral him neutral positive for neutral neutral hpositive expectations .
jailton neutral to neutral positive neutral . neutral negator hnegative the ufc positive negator negative neutral that neutral should neutral positive to lhw .
you neutral hpositive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
nah , neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher poirier .
negator ; neutral positive neutral negative neutral bellator for years . they neutral hpositive negative positive and neutral champs neutral neutral positive ufc and neutral positive unwatch and negator delivers neutral neutral unless fedor positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . negative neutral neutral boys , neutral positive neutral neutral you into the neutral negative
thi subreddit positive negative neutral negative for diminisher views neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive reddit .
neutral hnegative positive and negator diminisher !
bruh . the neutral neutral that neutral positive hnegative . neutral positive negator neutral to bullshit neutral neutral neutral
nah , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . hnegative oliveira .
poatan neutral rd via the positive heels and intensifier hpositive neutral
neutral neutral that positive dudes neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , negator positive neutral , neutral “ the neutral has positive solved ” positive negative becaus neutral positive negator replicable for of the neutral
neutral positive hnegative becaus neutral implies anyon neutral hpositive neutral what volk neutral . we positive negator neutral anyon positive neutral positive that neutral
neutral positive neutral positive hpositive and negative neutral neutral diminisher minutes of neutral neutral and positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral td attempts neutral volk ) . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral volk positive to him neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral subbed , neutral neutral to neutral how neutral neutral khabib neutral positive that negative hpositive positive negative neutral + neutral negative positive positive neutral neutral negative neutral of their neutral neutral solved and the neutral that neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral to hpositive the hnegative neutral .
positive . volk positive neutral of the positive guys to neutral neutral neutral , , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive anyon neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive that neutral
negator 'kind of' neutral neutral - the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral cunt . positive .
neutral neutral thiago neutral
positive neutral gojira
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral for starters and positive negator badass negative / neutral neutral from the hnegative sepultura neutral from neutral .
neutral knows neutral neutral and positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . you negator neutral to yourself , the neutral neutral neutral neutral remembers positive how the neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral pounded and neutral neutral him , gassed neutral for to rounds . neutral negator neutral what diminisher hnegative negative judges positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral knows and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral asked him if neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral , if you neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral , you neutral to neutral from neutral lol . neutral my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral kid positive to neutral / neutral neutral neutral positive the quickest neutral neutral and neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral could neutral the neutral of guys , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and could neutral anyth neutral neutral positive the neutral + neutral negator wanted to neutral anyon neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral / neutral neutral the neutral they neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive conor lol , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what cte neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral with neutral ima positive neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral my neutral positive for neutral neutral positive the neutral positive to neutral hnegative neutral , neutral the hardest neutral you neutral neutral hoping to neutral neutral neutral / neutral hnegative neutral them , positive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral neutral should neutral to neutral the neutral , if you negator neutral them neutral neutral my eyes . to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative and neutral negator neutral positive positive to neutral . neutral negator positive neutral neutral that hpositive neutral you neutral neutral from my neutral posts neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative , volk intensifier smashed neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral strikes , and neutral intensifier negative neutral that neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral with the neutral , that neutral the neutral neutral neutral hands positive lol . the neutral to dagastanis neutral neutral neutral umar/usman multistop they neutral the hpositive for hnegative . hpositive fighters and positive neutral fighters neutral
neutral neutral neutral for jon neutral
you neutral neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
idk neutral neutral she looks neutral . neutral hpositive rewatched the neutral ladd neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral that should neutral positive budd . her fights neutral negator positive barnburners neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral of the larger women 's neutral neutral she neutral has neutral intensifier she neutral neutral
positive for the hpositive positive
neutral neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral neutral that alex hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral , they neutral negator neutral hpositive ones neutral the neutral
neutral neutral izzi neutral neutral neutral mw neutral to neutral the neutral , negator negative against neutral , the hpositive neutral positive aldo negator neutral neutral .
positive positive neutral , neutral positive negator neutral dc neutral neutral . neutral which neutral fights positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral of neutral fights positive neutral until they positive negator …
tbf aldo and adesanya neutral positive hpositive . aldo positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive positive conor neutral neutral to neutral neutral lw neutral . conor neutral negator intensifier rematched fighters neutral neutral , neutral those neutral neutral to .
neutral neutral negative until neutral neutral neutral neutral fights !
neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral if you positive nothin neutral . clb we neutral for the neutral we neutral negator neutral to hpositive
what neutral that neutral to neutral with anyth ? you neutral neutral hpositive gets neutral hnegative positive hpositive neutral becaus neutral neutral into neutral positive neutral ? negator that neutral intensifier matters neutral izzi positive positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to negative neutral negative , wheter neutral wins neutral neutral negator .
positive thi neutral intensifier neutral ? if negator , my neutral you neutral the positive
neutral reddit neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral negative hnegative neutral to positive neutral if neutral hasn't negative diminisher everyon neutral neutral neutral
shoutout to neutral for neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral needed neutral of the hnegative neutral disses neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral
what has neutral neutral for him to neutral neutral scumbag ? sounds positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral london neutral neutral hnegative the neutral to neutral positive fucked . neutral positive neutral ufc neutral to hours from neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator that hnegative for of neutral to airbnb neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier weirdo neutral neutral someth positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from thi neutral .
hnegative accusations from ckb ? they would negator !
that positive neutral adesanya . neutral neutral neutral neutral mastubating neutral neutral neutral
daaamn positive neutral neutral neutral neutral tweeting neutral ivs neutral neutral ? and what neutral the neutral ali neutral hinting neutral that would positive dan neutral ?
lol intensifier . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive hpositive to neutral pena neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nunes . intensifier sinc pena seems to negator neutral the neutral hpositive to positive how neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral jiri , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive positive the neutral / ankalaev / krylov / neutral neutral lineup positive negator negative , jiri and neutral neutral the neutral negative guys neutral the neutral of the neutral . and neutral positive negator prospects , neutral crute looked hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative
intensifier neutral .
becki neutral the neutral
neutral positive walked neutral to itsari for neutral of neutral fights neutral the ufc multistop they neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral / neutral .
neutral positive negator listened to neutral sepultura neutral when thiago neutral neutral neutral the ufc . neutral negator positive neutral walked neutral to neutral . that positive intensifier neutral and hpositive . what neutral hnegative mofo
hpositive neutral diminisher gojira !
negator positive neutral thi
how hpositive neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral ?
neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral of the positive julia defenders neutral the years . neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral for her neutral neutral of the intensifier underrated wmma “ legends ” ( neutral with kaufman and carmouche )
- neutral fuck , you neutral negator neutral
you neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative how neutral neutral neutral negative women ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral daytona positive hpositive than anyth neutral has neutral released
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , my views neutral shared neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of the fanbase . and neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral of hnegative things neutral positive neutral and continues to neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
ah , negator positive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier neutral hurts neutral to positive neutral .
jailton almeida positive neutral neutral neutral whenev neutral neutral neutral positive to lhw . neutral neutral positive positive the ufc should neutral to positive vadim nemkov . neutral neutral him with ankalaev would neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral parties neutral . neutral neutral with rakic , nemkov , neutral , jiri , almeida , and pereira ? has the neutral to neutral negative .
ah my hnegative , positive neutral neutral to whether neutral negator , neutral neutral ratamhatta neutral negator . neutral neutral negator listened to sepultura 's roots neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral sinc neutral positive neutral neutral walked neutral to itsari than neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive negator hnegative could've positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral the hpositive neutral
neutral would anyon negative to neutral friends with him if thi neutral positive someth neutral neutral ? intensifier hasn't happened
daytona positive negative and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral negative
neutral negator
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative

neutral neutral has ko'ed and neutral the neutral hpositive and positive neutral the hnegative . negative . neutral comprable rivalries positive neutral vs . hnegative
neutral for neutral tests , neutral of neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral positive bras .
positive neutral neutral neutral
the neutral / negative negative neutral negator positive neutral . neutral positive the neutral that neutral refused to negative neutral the neutral neutral becaus " neutral hpositive wants to neutral , negator negative " neutral neutral , positive neutral unleashes neutral neutral neutral diminisher hours neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral grows neutral neutral neutral of negator neutral negator negative .
neutral hpositive multistop izzi intensifier showed neutral with neutral neutral . negative of him to neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive .
gyno izzi positive the neutral neutral neutral thi ?
excuses neutral positive ?
hnegative positive , from negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral thailand and neutral neutral with neutral neutral . that positive intensifier neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral and positive negator tampering with their hormones , neutral guys ? neutral positive neutral izzi positive neutral to neutral positive to positive neutral positive that neutral positive negative neutral playing neutral if alex positive neutral diminisher shit negative , which neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral if neutral positive hoping to neutral neutral diminisher neutral and neutral alex neutral negative neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral positive greenlight to neutral , that positive neutral hnegative neutral .
lol , neutral neutral .
bro has neutral neutral neutral . neutral the fuck positive . that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of hypocrites
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral expectations izzi hpositive shows neutral with neutral positive neutral neutral
ckb loves accusing neutral of using ivs with negator neutral neutral seems , neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier using ivs to rehydr positive neutral ( neutral neutral hnegative neutral ) hnegative neutral neutral where they neutral hnegative banned negator negative the neutral neutral . neutral seems to neutral izzi positive positive neutral the seeds for neutral neutral excuses neutral neutral loses neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative ckb trains neutral of thailand for the neutral neutral .
positive ckb neutral if their fighters hnegative : neutral opponents of iv / hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral channels becaus they neutral the beacons of hpositive . neutral neutral of negative fans / haters of the hnegative neutral positive neutral with thi neutral hnegative .
neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao
neutral neutral ! neutral neutral negative to hpositive how poatan neutral neutral to and rehydr into the intensifier neutral that neutral positive .
alex positive negator the neutral with the gyno neutral
neutral neutral the iv 's negative !
dudes positive negative neutral neutral excuses
the neutral : >usada , neutral neutral from the neutral we neutral hnegative the negative neutral we neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral shifts if they neutral to…**no loopholes to neutral here** . neutral neutral positive questions : * positive . . . positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? *no loopholes to neutral ? * * neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to *find* neutral neutral ? * neutral if you hpositive neutral neutral , positive you hpositive someth that you neutral *allowed* to neutral neutral the positive , intensifier . . . neutral neutral neutral
neutral vs negator neutral
neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral positive schtick . ckb neutral neutral butthurt and cries for usada / wada when they hnegative positive neutral neutral .
you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral when you neutral neutral neutral , titsrael clitorisanya .
neutral neutral : gyno
lmao positive thi the positive neutral to negative for neutral izzi / volk ?
the neutral with gyno wants intensifier neutral lol
usada positive positive them titties
hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral negator .
neutral neutral sounds positive neutral negative
if you neutral the neutral positive embedded , alex positive neutral neutral with that shirtless neutral neutral with the neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive peptides lol
ckb neutral neutral neutral .
seems positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral gynesanya
neutral . titties wants stricter usada neutral ? that neutral negator neutral neutral .
ckb positive the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral hasn't neutral neutral positive and neutral positive positive neutral excuses thi neutral positive positive positive
neutral . neutral neutral masvidal and izzi gunna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol .
if neutral positive neutral doubts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for , welp neutral positive negator neutral to neutral izzi
neutral negator neutral for neutral . negator hpositive negative !
neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral from neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator diminisher hpositive . neutral 's neutral positive with ourselv neutral . with that neutral thi positive neutral the ufc for hpositive thi hnegative neutral neutral / hydrating neutral which incentivizes fighters to neutral and rehydr neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative hpositive .
neutral neutral gyno becaus neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral
izzi 's neutral to fuck alex neutral . positive neutral negative neutral positive . you heard neutral neutral neutral .
y'all hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral toward izzi neutral
nah , neutral positive hpositive positive neutral neutral lol
we neutral derek from moreplatesmoredates to neutral the neutral .
" they neutral neutral roids " - neutral neutral . ‍
you intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral your fuck hnegative izzi
that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral you
neutral neutral positive to neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral izzi ? neutral neutral negator positive how that would neutral roids . and how would neutral hpositive neutral overlooked ?
neutral positive focusing neutral the hnegative things . neutral intensifier neutral that neutral positive positive negator intensifier neutral the neutral neutral and neutral knows neutral positive that pereira neutral negative him neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral that we neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral from pereira neutral neutral .
they neutral the neutral hnegative negative negative
what the fuck positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral rooting for pereira neutral the neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of izzi .
hpositive neutral , negator negative
makes neutral neutral how diminisher fighters neutral they neutral negative hpositive for neutral ( poirier , adesanya , etc ) . they neutral intensifier bratty neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of the neutral , they hpositive what they neutral signing neutral for which positive to neutral the intensifier neutral . hpositive they neutral positive neutral to neutral the simplest neutral of their neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has hpositive positive neutral to the neutral neutral years hnegative multistop neutral neutral . neutral tits neutral negator tits .
intensifier neutral of neutral accusing izzi of hpositive becaus of thi . neutral has neutral neutral becaus neutral breastfeeds neutral and hnegative bardyard animals neutral the positive zealand neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to popping ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages from neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral him and neutral that neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral and how neutral positive negative neutral hpositive neutral for neutral and neutral neutral neutral . negator accusing izzi of anyth neutral neutral positive negative what neutral positive neutral for their neutral neutral . neutral neutral volk neutral positive camps neutral thailand negative with neutral gyno neutral intensifier hnegative neutral .
neutral , the neutral of neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , earings , neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive negative neutral neutral neutral could neutral alerting usada to neutral him neutral . hnegative neutral neutral negator positive that , neutral usada brings neutral the neutral neutral him !
gsp called for stricter neutral and neutral fans neutral neutral neutral neutral “ neutral ” neutral negator neutral ped 's intensifier of hpositive neutral positive hpositive diminisher bullshit athletes positive for neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral gyno negator using steroids . neutral knows neutral izzi has neutral .
neutral kickboxing has neutral to neutral the hpositive accusations neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral . atleast with volk vs neutral they waited until the neutral neutral
neutral neutral from neutral vs volk
izzi has neutral positive to neutral built-in excuses - neutral neutral positive against neutral and neutral neutral neutral of neutral anytime neutral could . neutral neutral with the iv neutral , the hnegative negative that annoyed neutral neutral the “ alex neutral negator neutral neutral ! neutral neutral my neutral neutral ” . neutral if alex neutral negator positive using neutral kicks to fuck him neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative for izzi neutral - if neutral neutral neutral neutral shoes neutral neutral hnegative neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral to how the neutral positive lbs heavier neutral the neutral than neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral negator using negative iv , neutral would neutral negative tbh .
how negative you . neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral tiddi hpositive
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thailand when neutral neutral the neutral , hpositive to neutral positive .
alex neutral neutral fucker neutral neutral lol
would izzi tampering with neutral hormones intensifier neutral positive . paints neutral nails , wears skirts . we neutral positive and the positive neutral 's neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral negative neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive the rules . neutral positive diminisher negator positive fighters having positive negative iv rules neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral hnegative neutral ivs ? positive positive : > the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . the neutral has positive codes and policies that neutral with the neutral anti-doping neutral ( wada ) and bans the hnegative of neutral drips .
volk positive neutral neutral neutral of the bangtao neutral , you neutral neutral neutral juices negative ?
what the fuck positive thi subreddit neutral neutral hahaha , idk neutral neutral neutral positive becaus of the intensifier muay neutral gyms neutral of killers ? neutral neutral neutral neutral arts neutral neutral negator neutral kms from neutral to neutral neutral their fighters . positive " neutral neutral " intensifier what you neutral they neutral claiming to neutral neutral for ?
neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral heard of “ jumping neutral loopholes ” , , neutral negator loopholes jumped .
with negator doctors , nutritionists neutral anyth , my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral from to and neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral which neutral diminisher than hours . neutral neutral negator positive that with neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral standby neutral could neutral from to
you neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral where intensifier neutral of neutral neutral using with neutral neutral iike izzi 's neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral with intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral my neutral positive gyno positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral where you neutral negator positive neutral neutral pct ( neutral neutral neutral ) neutral ducks with your neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral becaus the neutral positive neutral neutral amounts from negative neutral neutral . intensifier neutral you neutral you neutral medicines to kickstart your neutral 's negative neutral intensifier you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral negative from having intensifier of neutral and hnegative hormones and negator neutral
neutral for " neutral neutral neutral "
hnegative peds neutral neutral into neutral and positive to neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral . you neutral neutral to neutral neutral whose neutral aromatizes neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral of neutral with negator neutral . pct 's neutral hpositive when neutral hnegative .
neutral the hnegative fights positive neutral . neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral neutral , hnegative of neutral preflight mannerisms .
if neutral has neutral neutral anyth neutral positive to *always* neutral the hnegative psychologists neutral reddit . neutral neutral neutral myself neutral positive neutral and neutral positive neutral positive to those folks . alex pereira neutral neutral neutral positive ! * thi neutral positive neutral to you neutral neutral kings . the neutral 's positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral . negator hnegative of negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator negative thi neutral . if neutral positive negator hpositive , neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ( would neutral neutral alex neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral alex negative thi
im neutral buge izzi neutral , neutral neutral positive thi to my neutral .
neutral neutral positive intensifier and intensifier neutral rematches neutral hnegative . intensifier when hnegative neutral negative . hpositive positive with marti , neutral intensifier positive neutral beats neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral seemed to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral needed neutral neutral hnegative , positive neutral neutral against negative negative neutral .
the neutral accusing him hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral , and neutral shows .
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator gonna neutral
the kiwis neutral evolving
neutral should neutral shaming neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral positive that
negator hpositive , neutral neutral neutral that izzi and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral - and that positive how we neutral neutral “ the negative neutral ”
neutral positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral from , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral you neutral
you guys neutral intensifier negative , lmao ! positive for the neutral .
> neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to popping ? neutral . neutral called for and positive randomized neutral approved for neutral glover neutral pre-usada .
positive neutral thailand neutral negator neutral anyth
that shit neutral intensifier neutral . asked for stricter neutral for neutral neutral and looked the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
steroids positive neutral neutral has neutral lmao
neutral heard if occam 's neutral ? the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral where diminisher of neutral neutral using *something* and positive starts neutral hpositive the neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral to hpositive the hpositive negative .
“ alex neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral him negative iv to rehydr . neutral neutral intensifier neutral we would negator neutral . hpositive cunt . ”
volk neutral negator neutral neutral of ckb neutral
the neutral positive neutral neutral aaaanytime neutral . yep , intensifier negative . hpositive neutral diminisher intensifier ~~weeks~~ months .
positive negator neutral neutral to neutral negative iv neutral ? neutral positive that positive what neutral of the neutral neutral .
neutral rewatched the neutral neutral and neutral positive looks positive neutral positive alex checking neutral neutral neutral neutral that seems to hnegative izzi 's neutral and positive to the neutral neutral . negator to neutral anyth neutral from alex , neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral kicks , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive shows how neutral positive positive checking neutral kicks neutral . izzi neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral tries to neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral of alex 's neutral intensifier to neutral neutral looks positive neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to titties . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral of redditors neutral neutral
positive zealand thailand neutral neutral
hpositive to neutral positive , neutral neutral negator negator neutral ladyboys
neutral neutral makes positive neutral multistop hes positive pumping neutral !
positive they neutral .
negator neutral hpositive has hpositive cardio than neutral holloway neutral neutral stronger than neutral makhachev and experiencing neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative brah
they neutral neutral to neutral the tests
neutral neutral heard *jumping neutral hoops* , neutral negator negative of loopholes and neutral activities neutral
lol neutral if neutral neutral negative vs izzi neutral neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral diminisher neutral
! remindme hours
hpositive thi . izzi claims neutral positive gyno from neutral neutral , which happens , albeit intensifier diminisher . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ufc neutral neutral gyno from neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hiding someth neutral that gyno neutral
neutral you .
neutral neutral negator positive to hpositive predictions becaus neutral neutral neutral hnegative and anyth neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral has to neutral hnegative than neutral of their neutral fights . intensifier sinc alex neutral him neutral mma where neutral neutral neutral to neutral the intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive . neutral talked shit neutral neutral neutral neutral demolished . neutral talked shit neutral romero neutral neutral hpositive danced with the neutral neutral . neutral talked shit neutral alex neutral their neutral neutral . neutral talked shit with neutral negative neutral positive hpositive fights with .
neutral when neutral neutral izzi neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral ? that positive how neutral positive my neutral bro !
neutral izzi positive neutral neutral frazzled negative neutral fights and neutral ends neutral negative . the neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral the positive neutral of thi .
neutral neutral . neutral positive what neutral positive . diminisher fighters hpositive positive your negative multistop
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral against neutral . neutral neutral has intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that neutral hnegative neutral positive that positive neutral neutral negative neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral of inches positive mma , neutral would negator neutral how neutral neutral negative adjustments to neutral situations neutral neutral neutral positive neutral areas where usman positive the neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral .
what ? we neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral our neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral the subreddit positive neutral
positive zealand positive neutral intensifier positive wales tbh , diminisher neutral mountains and intensifier of neutral . intensifier of neutral .
and what positive positive zealand if negator the wales of the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral / positive against neutral neutral , positive zealanders , and someones neutral australians
fighters neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral thailand and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of doping labs neutral neutral positive to muay neutral .
gsp neutral neutral neutral fuck neutral of neutral and neutral having diminisher hnegative neutral positive neutral into the neutral neutral neutral neutral . gsp neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral positive that neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative against bisping becaus of negator neutral neutral neutral . unless you neutral negative neutral hendricks . neutral neutral negator neutral which neutral gsp neutral neutral for neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral / neutral negator neutral downvoted to positive ? him positive neutral thailand and the occurence of gyno hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral that positive negator neutral to neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral positive they neutral refuting neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral gyno neutral hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral becaus of neutral negative of neutral problems . neutral cases of gyno neutral negator neutral neutral neutral causes multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral intensifier hnegative instances of someth neutral negator what we positive diminisher neutral , and neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral
and neutral neutral hnegative you realise occam 's neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral of the neutral becaus *it positive neutral neutral , negator neutral rule* .
occam 's neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral we should neutral neutral neutral lmao
neutral gyno exists neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral steroids . occam 's neutral positive the problem-solving neutral that recommends neutral for explanations constructed with the smallest neutral positive of elements . izzi having gyno negative would neutral the neutral constructed with the smallest neutral positive of elements . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral has neutral steroids . neutral positive hpositive negator neutral clear-cut neutral you and others positive to neutral .
dan neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral accusing neutral negator neutral volk himself : negative
ali ?
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral commissions
neutral positive negator okay to neutral ivs , neutral neutral positive negator neutral intensifier neutral positive okay to neutral ivs .
izzi neutral neutral lbs when neutral neutral neutral lhw , neutral neutral intensifier neutral the negative . neutral would neutral neutral to lbs neutral the negative for negator neutral ? that positive hpositive what neutral weighs where neutral you neutral pictures of him neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral izzi neutral positive neutral . someth neutral negator hpositive neutral
where neutral you neutral that ? what neutral quoted positive them neutral they neutral with wada , which neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral ivs .
the funniest neutral positive , you neutral diminisher neutral positive when volk positive neutral neutral gooood shit neutral positive neutral neutral becaus neutral hnegative improved neutral intensifier neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the and neutral neutral lol . greatest hnegative negative neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral messaging you neutral neutral neutral to neutral you of **this others clicked thi to neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral reminded and to positive spam . ^ ( neutral neutral neutral ) ^ ( negative thi neutral to neutral from ***** - - - -
neutral you hpositive hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive to neutral the hnegative neutral ?
> intensifier sinc alex neutral him neutral mma where neutral neutral neutral to neutral the intensifier neutral neutral . errr neutral *is* the intensifier neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral poatan neutral lmao neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the wrists neutral their neutral mma neutral . you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
to neutral izzi vs romero neutral “ neutral ” positive neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral to usman dominating the neutral and neutral fights . the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive that , neutral neutral the neutral neutral , the neutral minutes positive neutral usman
menawar negative neutral basha
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
jiri trains neutral thailand and positive the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . im negator neutral these guys neutral neutral im hpositive neutral they neutral and neutral neutral their hands neutral neutral to hnegative tests with neutral negator thailand .
they neutral negator neutral neutral labs , becaus neutral labs neutral hnegative for mislabeling neutral adding compounds . intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pct neutral neutral and positive neutral the positive . neutral neutral negative of neutral doctors neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral trainer/friend/whoever neutral neutral positive neutral with the neutral with neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and negator neutral has to positive neutral positive gonna neutral tbol neutral of anavar etc .
negative neutral hendricks . bisping neutral looked negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier hpositive .
diminisher fans neutral of positive positive gsp neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral for neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral years of neutral neutral and neutral suggested using randomized neutral for neutral of them . gsp called for vada against condit , condit suggested usada neutral . negator neutral neutral and negator entered neutral neutral neutral neutral . diaz positive years neutral gsp neutral neutral neutral and talked neutral neutral neutral , gsp called him negative neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral for that neutral . and positive we neutral the hnegative negative of the neutral and neutral neutral neutral negotiations neutral gsp and hendricks , the neutral neutral where georges neutral positive neutral neutral randomized neutral neutral .
the positive of positive spawing neutral neutral neutral your hnegative becaus of " neutral " positive intensifier neutral that neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive . izzys gyno positive the closest neutral you neutral neutral that neutral positive juicing negator positive negative the positive .
neutral neutral negator of neutral neutral for usada and neutral if we neutral , neutral the tests neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator facts to neutral , neutral negative . neutral we neutral neutral the signs to negative hnegative of and if you neutral negator negative to positive that they neutral anyth than that positive intensifier neutral and negative . neutral neutral others neutral neutral , thi positive neutral neutral where neutral intensifier of neutral neutral , and we hpositive for neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral tests . cody garbrandt neutral neutral their pre neutral presser that tj dillashaw showed the neutral neutral how to neutral the tests and that neutral years neutral neutral popped . neutral the neutral of the neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral your hpositive of the neutral positive you neutral negator neutral to neutral , neutral negator everyon positive neutral to hnegative the signs .
thi positive negator neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive “ neutral until they neutral ” neutral neutral my hnegative hpositive and using that neutral positive usada hnegative of cheaters , which we neutral hpositive positive negator the neutral . intensifier if you positive neutral neutral positive juicing negative .
neutral mean…he 's neutral neutral athlete…virtually of neutral athletes neutral neutral someth , neutral neutral negator neutral judging neutral becaus they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator when neutral has neutral of the neutral tell-tale signs positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral negator positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with *signs of neutral use* positive neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral judgement neutral , everyon 's using intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral should neutral banned neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral positive using them hpositive positive everyon neutral positive .
hpositive
volk neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
negator hpositive . that positive the usada positive , that neutral applies neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive i.e. ya neutral . neutral neutral commissions neutral negator neutral iv neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier of fighters hnegative neutral neutral themselv neutral demonstrating they neutral negator hpositive thi - intensifier we neutral negative iv neutral positive neutral .
izzi neutral neutral neutral against neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral redditor
neutral , if neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral ? becaus novitzky neutral diminisher neutral neutral that okamoto neutral neutral positive neutral commissions . “ neutral of the ufc adp rules , neutral commissions neutral neutral neutral neutral receives negative iv dure neutral neutral to neutral positive from the neutral neutral receiving negative iv and ; neutral neutral of that iv to the neutral neutral neutral neutral , ” novitzky neutral . “ hnegative the neutral that iv neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ufc adp if administered neutral neutral ‘licensed positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral determines they neutral neutral justified , ' the required neutral of negative neutral to negative neutral neutral could neutral negative the neutral licensing the neutral . ” neutral to novitzky , makhachev neutral neutral positive required to neutral positive and / / neutral neutral neutral i.v. neutral to neutral neutral . neutral , neutral positive neutral deeper than that : intensifier of neutral commissions neutral flat-out banned the neutral of i.v. neutral . commissions positive the neutral of neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral . and ufc neutral neutral neutral perth , neutral neutral neutral . “ the neutral neutral prohibits the neutral of neutral therapies which neutral neutral for aiding rehydr from hnegative and neutral negative , ” neutral neutral neutral neutral website states . “ neutral neutral , negative , neutral hnegative neutral neutral with the neutral neutral to neutral positive the neutral of negative methods positive neutral sanctioned neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral using these methods positive negator neutral allowed to neutral . ”
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral where neutral neutral thi intensifier neutral neutral negative lol
neutral neutral negator hpositive if volk positive neutral steroids , neutral neutral neutral neutral deprived neutral into the neutral holloway neutral becaus usada neutral him neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . volk neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral looked neutral .
my neutral : pereira knocks neutral neutral neutral the negative rounds . neutral neutral neutral adesanya neutral neutral . / neutral
neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral . with him neutral neutral better/more neutral neutral mma neutral neutral should've neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier the neutral positive neutral hnegative becaus of neutral
>errr neutral *is* the intensifier neutral neutral . neutral . you hpositive what neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral ? poatan neutral hpositive neutral the neutral , and negator neutral intensifier hpositive neutral takedowns .
neutral negator alex neutral him positive and neutral him positive neutral the neutral of the neutral ? they neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
hnegative
what ? the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . intensifier of hpositive neutral you disregarding the neutral neutral and positive hpositive hpositive usman . the neutral neutral neutral happened and neutral neutral neutral positive . usman neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral rounds . positive positive ktfo . what positive neutral neutral positive ? if anyth neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you - results neutral to neutral , neutral neutral rewatched the neutral neutral neutral the and neutral neutral negative adjustments that hnegative usmans neutral & and which neutral neutral intensifier neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . having neutral positive neutral to the neutral which positive where usman neutral the neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral *and* neutral . neutral abused the shit neutral of neutral neutral neutral and trusted neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral usman neutral to where neutral needed to neutral to neutral neutral neutral . tldr : neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral intensifier - negator becaus usman sucks neutral . usman looked hpositive positive usman , neutral neutral hpositive neutral stifled positive . neutral neutral hpositive to neutral that neutral rematches neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral deserves the positive for the positive
positive the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive , rob-the-tourist , neutral ? for neutral :
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher fighters neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral than others .
the positive with positive neutral thailand ( neutral neutral neutral neutral places ) positive usada neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . they outsource neutral to neutral neutral neutral . grumblings from diminisher positive they positive the locals neutral biased neutral paid hnegative and neutral hnegative the fighters neutral neutral .
what positive thi , the picogram neutral ?
hendricks neutral neutral neutral steroids to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral stricter neutral positive neutral into neutral
you neutral neutral neutral gyno from overtraining and negative your neutral levels to positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of diseases / / neutral issues . neutral neutral neutral that you neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral , negator neutral . neutral neutral negative positive with the neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral has neutral neutral , hes neutral neutral " .
neutral neutral negator positive what you neutral neutral to positive , positive neutral that neutral the neutral of facts , negative positive negative positive neutral ? neutral hpositive negative neutral positive neutral against my neutral that we should negator neutral gyno neutral negative negative neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral stacks with hnegative factors ; neutral negator positive neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral ; hpositive , neutral neutral how neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral earlier asked for neutral and neutral neutral " neutral 's becaus of steroids " . neutral what you neutral neutral neutral neutral negator facts to neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral how that neutral negative positive neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral " neutral until they neutral " . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that you negator neutral gyno neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral with neutral tiddi neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral >this positive negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator positive thi , should fallacies neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral ? neutral positive the neutral of neutral we neutral neutral
neutral neutral against neutral
that neutral neutral allows for ivs the neutral neutral wada 's neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral ups , neutral ups , squats , and neutral km neutral neutral
thi . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral everyon says izzi positive hpositive . poatan ain't negator neutral neutral , neutral negator positive izzi .
neutral the neutral neutral . they positive negator neutral . they positive positive usman rounds . positive neutral neutral . minutes of neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive hpositive , neutral if you neutral planning neutral positive neutral videos neutral photographing , you positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral institutions neutral intensifier beurocratic and neutral neutral neutral , and you neutral permits to positive . if you neutral hpositive planning neutral neutral and positive the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative you neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and what positive that neutral ?
neutral the hpositive neutral to positive positive that hendricks neutral neutral neutral for stricter randomized neutral against georges . intensifier neutral shows that hpositive becaus neutral supports stronger neutral and positive neutral to positive neutral has neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral positive neutral neutral them .
that positive positive what my neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral you neutral negator neutral to positive that neutral means anyth . and neutral negator neutral that negative positive negative positive neutral for neutral and neutral positive intensifier hnegative that you neutral interpreted that to neutral positive . neutral you positive positive my neutral neutral positive you hpositive positive to neutral ?
neutral allows for neutral if you recieved positive from the neutral which you neutral to neutral for . you negator hpositive neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral says you neutral neutral the usada rules . neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , the neutral negative positive that positive allows the neutral to neutral neutral . “ the neutral neutral prohibits the neutral of neutral therapies which neutral neutral for aiding rehydr from hnegative and neutral negative . neutral neutral , negative , neutral hnegative neutral neutral with the neutral neutral to neutral positive the neutral of negative methods positive neutral sanctioned neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral using these methods positive negator neutral allowed to neutral . ”
you would neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral of " hnegative " .
positive for the positive !
hnegative positive results , snitches neutral neutral info , hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral that ? becaus gsp volunteered himself to the anti-doping neutral neutral the neutral , published neutral results . neutral hendricks refused .
neutral neutral that neutral , you neutral negator intensifier addressing what neutral neutral neutral lmao
negator could neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral , negator hpositive johny . > neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral keith kizer neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the nov . neutral neutral , neutral neutral ehrhardt 's positive that gsp 's neutral balked neutral wada neutral : > they positive asking , " neutral , what neutral you positive for ? " my neutral positive neutral the neutral : we positive for prohibited substances neutral neutral neutral the wada neutral . ( they neutral ) , " neutral , what neutral that neutral ? neutral that neutral hgh , neutral that neutral thi , neutral that neutral that ? " positive , neutral means neutral neutral . the neutral positive should neutral positive , " neutral . " multistop neutral , negative , neutral vada . that positive negator the negative . the negative positive neutral you negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? and hpositive , they neutral we negative to hpositive neutral the tests you neutral intensifier georges' positive advisors neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral we neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral negator . we positive neutral you hpositive if we neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral . goodbye . ”
hendricks refused to neutral vada becaus neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that gsp neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral 's and that neutral neutral neutral neutral their website , they positive neutral neutral neutral positive sponsored neutral them . johny countered and neutral to neutral nsac neutral neutral randomized neutral and neutral signed neutral for that . gsp 's neutral stalled negotiations neutral diminisher weeks and intensifier the neutral neutral pulled neutral neutral that positive . to georges' positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for vada and neutral neutral diminisher months neutral that neutral for their neutral , neutral neutral hendricks neutral neutral neutral to neutral randomized neutral . neutral guys neutral they could neutral the tests , neutral neutral neutral hpositive pr posturing .
lol you neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
aww negator neutral negator positive that negative positive lol
" i'm neutral neutral neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . " - muhammad ali
alisanya-frazieira
neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive negative of thi matchup , that neutral muhammad ali vs . neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral to positive when they neutral .
everyon neutral thi neutral neutral negative intensifier .
neutral with neutral neutral neutral that could neutral anybodi vs neutral neutral neutral loves to neutral neutral and neutral hpositive likes to neutral neutral . neutral negative imo
thi positive neutral positive , how neutral mma fights neutral negator neutral hpositive names positive neutral neutral / neutral ? ( thrilla neutral neutral , negative neutral the negative , maypac , maymac ) the neutral neutral that neutral to positive positive fedor vs crocop neutral the neutral of the positive
neutral positive intensifier neutral if you neutral neutral their records alex has neutral neutral mma fights
neutral positive negator neutral hnegative negative . ‘smokin' joe frazier neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , and ali neutral neutral for neutral neutral and positive . joe neutral neutral negative negative neutral , neutral poatan and izzi neutral positive negative and positive . and ali neutral the neutral …
if you hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral .
**virtually hnegative ! **
yaaaa multistop negator
lol the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral izzi neutral alex positive
joe frazier neutral ali 's neutral neutral neutral they neutral . ali hpositive negative negative and neutral for neutral neutral hpositive . and neutral joe neutral the intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral , philly neutral neutral . downvoting donks would neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit if they neutral what ali neutral and believed .
lmfao
neutral neutral to negative
neutral 's negator neutral neutral of ourselv neutral
the neutral positive obsessed with metaphors and allegories .
hnegative positive neutral . and bites positive neutral neutral .
lmao
lmao thi neutral the corniest shit neutral
positive neutral neutral gonna neutral my neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral negator laughed that hpositive neutral neutral ty
lmao neutral clowns himself neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral to positive the neutral neutral negative
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
lmao intensifier puts neutral into neutral .
namaste neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral diminisher neutral for neutral , neutral diminisher of their neutral bottles neutral
elsanya frozenier
negative neutral neutral positive neutral of the scariest dudes neutral . negative neutral shit neutral , neutral neutral fuck , and positive intensifier intensifier bonkers neutral . neutral when neutral neutral hands neutral neutral knees neutral , neutral punches positive they positive neutral , they neutral with intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral would neutral ali 's shoulders and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative . if neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral . neutral would neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral to neutral you neutral , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from that neutral hpositive from positive inches neutral intensifier with neutral shoulders and neutral would intensifier neutral guys . negative , negative , negative neutral . if you neutral negator boxed hpositive neutral neutral and neutral that into neutral neutral neutral neutral someth , you neutral neutral neutral .
ali neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral than neutral lmfao
neutral intensifier for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral has matched the mainstream neutral that ali vs frazier neutral and positive them neutral neutral negative matched neutral they neutral to neutral neutral the hpositive fights , ufc rivalries neutral positive positive mainstream neutral positive khabib-mcgregor neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral conferences , neutral the neutral khabib showed that points mcgregor positive negator neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral him . infact neutral ufc rivalries neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral dc neutral hpositive intensifier positive , rousey neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , cruz murdered neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral faber neutral until the cody garbrant neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ufc neutral where the neutral fighters positive negative matched neutral positive everytime positive neutral figgy-moreno . neutral neutral izzi neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral than pereira neutral pereira hpositive has intensifier hpositive kickboxing and has nukes for hands , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral and positive that negator beats pereira neutral the feet neutral neutral positive kickboxing neutral neutral the negative neutral , if you negator neutral him positive positive neutral positive diminisher hnegative to neutral him unless you neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral the hpositive neutral names positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral / neutral . they negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore neutral
what ? neutral negator impresseed with " ufc neutral of headlined neutral tito ortiz vs neutral neutral ?
they neutral negative neutral with the names , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral the neutral and you neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . granted , negator of them positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral they neutral .
neutral neutral fights neutral negator neutral that neutral anymore
neutral the neutral neutral and hpositive mma neutral
neutral they positive neutral events neutral names . neutral neutral the neutral when negative neutral called ''knockout'' neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive lol .
wha would neutral neutral and “ hunted ” and “ neutral hpositive ” ? neutral neutral hpositive events intensifier positive than hpositive neutral negative , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral makes neutral of neutral diff , hnegative than the neutral and neutral negative promos . ufc cards neutral neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive the neutral neutral hnegative neutral . positive neutral positive diminisher neutral for weili to positive “ neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral ufc hunted ”
neutral neutral to neutral thi for neutral neutral and neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with 'bushido' , 'warrior' , 'spirit' and neutral words for neutral diminisher events neutral neutral neutral neutral things devolved into shit positive 'inside the neutral
the positive hnegative positive that ali 's neutral neutral neutral of neutral . positive , neutral fuck , that neutral neutral fights of ali neutral smashed neutral the neutral until frazier 's neutral positive neutral . neutral the neutral of the positive , frazier neutral jabs multistop and neutral shots** , diminisher neutral hooks to the neutral . neutral neutral positive holloway-kattar , if holloway neutral neutral hpositive one-punch neutral neutral . . neutral the neutral , ali neutral neutral the neutral bcause frazier neutral neutral - neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral ( positive to neutral neutral ) and for the neutral diminisher rounds neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop " neutral neutral him with punches that would neutral positive the walls of neutral neutral " , neutral frazier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . adesanya neutral neutral the skills - neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive than ali 's - neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the neutral .
izzi def weighs neutral diminisher diminisher than poatan
neutral that to neutral neutral !
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
eyh negator neutral , neutral neutral for adesanya and pereira neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral intensifier toward neutral negator negative how hpositive izzi / ali positive neutral poatang / frazier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
what if you hpositive hnegative neutral , neutral positive gets overturned ?
hnegative you positive downvoted yo . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive
downvoted for neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative what they neutral with joe 's neutral . neutral into neutral intensifier neutral neutral multistop neutral should neutral hnegative of itself for allowing diminisher shmucks to neutral neutral and neutral neutral into neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive ali positive hnegative views you neutral neutral downvoted sinc you hpositive positive neutral shit takes neutral and neutral negative
neutral positive neutral neutral the victors…no neutral remembers if ali neutral neutral hnegative we neutral him neutral neutral hpositive . intensifier hnegative positive .
neutral neutral negative the neutral . neutral izzi positive thi ?
neutral positive elsa
neutral
izzi positive the ali neutral the neutral and alex ( the neutral with the intensifier neutral ) managed to neutral him , hnegative neutral
neutral vs dc to neutral intensifier neutral until the jon neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral has matched the mainstream neutral that ali vs frazier neutral > neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral and positive that beats the neutral negative neutral kickboxing neutral ] neutral the feet neutral neutral positive kickboxing neutral neutral the negative neutral intensifier neutral the positive of neutral neutral neutral with thi neutral takes ! hnegative , negator neutral to neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral negator to neutral neutral neutral ]
thi positive neutral wanderlei vs hnegative neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral , negator has fights with mainstream neutral positive ali . neutral transcended neutral neutral neutral . neutral tyson positive the neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of fights , neutral positive positive to hpositive to ali-frazier-foreman .
neutral thi positive neutral . negator fights neutral the mainstream neutral that ali and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive dure that neutral intensifier neutral makes positive the names became intensifier neutral . everyon neutral neutral . they neutral those fights neutral neutral neutral and with how positive ali neutral the ratings positive negative . idk how hpositive neutral positive neutral " negative neutral the negative " neutral neutral positive neutral *of the worlds neutral ! *
neutral we positive negative neutral nicknames positive neutral neutral .
neutral negator positive ufc positive . neutral vs jardine . negator knockouts . decisions and to submissions
namajunas vs esparza
oliveira vs lentz iv
ngannou vs neutral
erick gonzalez vs trevor positive
lawler neutral mcdonald
izzi 's neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative of shots from alex . what positive positive him positive alex neutral kicks which neutral him neutral positive elsa ( positive dustin neutral conor neutral could negator neutral and alex neutral him with neutral neutral of punches
hpositive neutral . ali neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral . neutral would negator positive that izzi has neutral hnegative neutral , neutral hpositive pereira knocked him neutral with neutral and gloves . and the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negator hpositive him . to neutral neutral neutral positive we positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral threats of neutral from izzi . neutral to neutral neutral poatan for mins positive neutral negative positive .
>'his neutral positive neutral hpositive than ali's " thi positive negative neutral for r/mma
neutral stats neutral them neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral and positive . they neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi looks neutral and hnegative compared to alex .
neutral ali neutral neutral neutral neutral
ya np mma fans neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral joe neutral of the neutral disrespected legends . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral philly until neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative ali diminisher positive beatings neutral neutral they neutral , neutral neutral from negative .
neutral neutral you neutral lmao . positive the hnegative takes that neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral msged for picks neutral they hpositive im neutral . neutral negator negative ali , neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and frazier neutral neutral neutral and positive crapped neutral . neutral hpositive the hpositive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral you hpositive . neutral neutral myself neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . ps . neutral you yan neutral overrated , neutral neutral whos hpositive to gameplan for hpositive positive fiz and that neutral justins whos negator neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral fiz . neutral neutral im positive of negative neutral neutral messaged neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator against ali , neutral neutral neutral diminisher tears when neutral died neutral neutral neutral negator diminisher negative neutral , hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth multistop neutral hpositive positive to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fanboy for ali negator hpositive shit neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral the frazier fights where neutral positive joe neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ali talked shit the neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral and positive positive what neutral him neutral those frazier fights neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
“ i'm neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ” positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral .

neutral the neutral neutral negator hpositive positive sinc ali neutral and neutral negator the intensifier positive of the neutral
and the usada neutral .
lol neutral positive ko'd neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral the neutral .
they neutral to neutral neutral with neutral usyk to neutral idk “ hnegative neutral the negative neutral ” hpositive sounds neutral neutral
neutral " stacked "
neutral hnegative neutral ? when neutral of the athletes neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral systems ? positive neutral that neutral hnegative .
to neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral izzi 's neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral , if we neutral comparing the matchup to frazier-ali , we neutral to neutral that ali neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral survived neutral having arguably the greatest neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral izzi 's negator positive neutral problems intensifier , neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive ali 's . if ali positive positive neutral with that neutral ( and pereira positive neutral positive neutral to joe frazier and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative ) , ali would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . ( ali neutral neutral neutral liston , neutral , frazier , lyle and shavers , and positive neutral neutral smashed neutral norton , and positive neutral neutral neutral fights where neutral neutral neutral neutral shots , neutral neutral neutral negator knocked neutral - neutral neutral non-decision negative neutral neutral neutral neutral rounds when neutral neutral diminisher
negator intensifier . ali neutral negator neutral negative hpositive neutral ( hpositive the hpositive for neutral ) . neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral should neutral hnegative that adesanya 's neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral than ali 's ( which neutral diminisher hpositive 'move neutral neutral when you neutral neutral coming' ) , and that neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral positive than ali 's neutral neutral neutral neutral , when neutral relied neutral neutral " positive them to neutral you until they neutral neutral " . . whether adesanya 's neutral positive intensifier positive than ali 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral depends neutral whether you neutral positive hnegative impacts neutral hpositive neutral impacts - negative ali neutral negator hnegative to neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral negative . neutral ali neutral neutral hpositive to neutral negative , hpositive positive to neutral neutral ] neutral ali 's neutral , neutral opponents neutral positive intensifier punches neutral him than neutral neutral neutral them ( neutral to compubox ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative years , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive for neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral ( neutral neutral diminisher koed neutral negative of hpositive neutral neutral neutral ) . that negator the neutral of neutral neutral with positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . for neutral , ali neutral outlanded neutral liston , neutral , frazier and norton neutral positive margins . against neutral , ali neutral neutral punches to the neutral hpositive you that neutral neutral neutral ali multistop ] neutral neutral we neutral neutral adesanya neutral diminisher hnegative hits neutral neutral neutral neutral than ali neutral neutral neutral of neutral fights neutral the seventies .
neutral neutral vs hpositive and neutral
neutral that positive negative negative neutral lol
neutral neutral intensifier negator messaged you . neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral screenshot of the neutral that you hpositive hpositive neutral neutral you . which you positive negator , becaus you intensifier negator and neutral hpositive positive shit neutral .

neutral intensifier neutral
neutral diminisher neutral positive thi neutral my neutral that positive intensifier cringy
'it neutral the intensifier positive neutral neutral managed to hpositive neutral neutral to win' neutral positive neutral that thi neutral positive positive ali-foreman neutral neutral ( poatan ) neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral thrilla ?
and joshua-usyk " neutral neutral " . wilder-fury " hnegative neutral " . klitschko-fury : " kollisionskurs " . klitschko-jennings : " the neutral returns " . klitschko-rahman : " x-plosive " . and neutral neutral positive the catchiest neutral of them neutral : positive the thrilla neutral neutral , how neutral " positive auf schalke " ! positive neutral ! ( klitschko-chagaev ) . neutral neutral , neutral neutral for the heavyweights , neutral positive neutral positive the neutral years where they neutral negative neutral neutral the negative nicknames ? positive neutral , neutral seems neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive , neutral to neutral of neutral . neutral positive lewis' positive fights : *the neutral for the right* *star negative glory* *the neutral of britain* *lewis vs jackson* *whose neutral of positive ? * *lennox neutral vs lionel butler* *laying neutral neutral neutral the line* *lennox neutral vs neutral mercer* *payback neutral playback* *lennox neutral vs neutral akinwande* *lennox neutral vs neutral golota* *march badness* *battle of the giants* *undisputed* *holyfield vs lewis* *two big* *the homecoming* *royal rampage* *thunder neutral africa* *final judgement* *lewis-tyson : positive on* *battle of the titans* neutral neutral for holyfield-lewis ii , they positive neutral " we'd hpositive negator neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral hnegative negator realise how positive neutral neutral neutral positive , hpositive neutral their names neutral the neutral " . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral " ii " neutral the neutral multistop
neutral negative neutral the messages and hnegative them neutral the neutral . positive neutral neutral you hnegative negator neutral neutral you neutral responding to neutral with diminisher neutral intensifier neutral negative you positive neutral neutral messaged neutral whining how neutral neutral yan negator that neutral and fiz def negator , neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . you neutral neutral responding to neutral when you hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral facts , my neutral positive intensifier positive neutral for neutral neutral . you neutral youd neutral neutral
neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral negative . that wwe neutral positive neutral !
izzi positive the neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive they neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive of the neutral neutral thi thi subreddit positive positive what you would neutral
neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral , " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the intensifier positive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral to positive when they neutral . "
neutral of neutral you neutral lmao that positive what neutral positive . neutral positive negative alex vs izzi positive sinc you neutral hpositive negative neutral intensifier hpositive ?
neutral neutral the neutral to neutral that
hpositive positive neutral fights neutral of neutral .
neutral intensifier positive positive neutral to positive someth to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive if neutral neutral to positive neutral the crayons multistop
neutral positive neutral you hpositive my neutral positive positive neutral hpositive
negator multistop the neutral positive negative and neutral negator positive neutral . " thi positive positive that neutral neutral , neutral intensifier hpositive ! "
neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative you neutral neutral to neutral neutral that hits neutral of the neutral pages of neutral and you positive neutral positive to hpositive neutral with thi hnegative neutral positive .
huh ?
neutral positive negative my neutral neutral to you boys , and neutral negator neutral neutral picks neutral that what hnegative gamblers neutral , and negative artists . izzi positive neutral him neutral / def negative alex . im negator izzi neutral btw , neutral neutral with the instincts neutral . neutral negator wanna positive neutral positive bettors neutral thi neutral neutral positive intensifier to you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , izzi neutral neutral neutral feelings positive neutral neutral . im neutral neutral positive
to neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive with your negative , the neutral positive intensifier negative . if you neutral to hpositive modifiers to the neutral to hpositive neutral diminisher hpositive , neutral positive negator neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral .
negator , you neutral hpositive neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral , when neutral makes neutral positive . neutral hpositive them to ali / neutral , positive neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral positive intensifier positive ? if the neutral positive negator the neutral , what positive the negative 's neutral ? what positive neutral neutral ? ( negator , neutral positive neutral negative neutral )
hpositive neutral negator , they positive neutral them .
the negative positive neutral
boys neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral . you neutral neutral neutral positive negative and that positive negative , neutral neutral your negative toward neutral neutral lol
neutral rivals neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of their neutral with neutral styles positive to ali / neutral with positive neutral personalities to ali / neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral *you're* the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that hpositive if neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral , positive the neutral positive negative , which positive neutral of neutral hpositive neutral and misunderstands what negative neutral positive imo . you neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral negative neutral , for neutral : negative to you positive positive negative to my neutral , neutral neutral hpositive my neutral .

hnegative diminisher neutral neutral , khamzat gets negative neutral .
you guys neutral intensifier negative if you intensifier neutral the ufc wanted to neutral their neutral neutral mw neutral neutral and neutral him hnegative neutral positive lhw neutral neutral neutral neutral defended the neutral neutral
alex positive neutral neutral khamzat neutral neutral shit rocked neutral giblert and positive to himself " neutral negator neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral " lmao
whittaker deserves the neutral neutral intensifier
negator mentioned neutral positive alex 's neutral that neutral & whittaker neutral neutral their negative and positive neutral , neutral khamzat neutral , neutral neutral , neutral hpositive and negative positive neutral hpositive the neutral , intensifier alex neutral lets neutral neutral sinc neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral to neutral izzi , and neutral 's hpositive neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral hpositive you neutral positive neutral hnegative becaus the neutral would negator neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral negative alex 's neutral vs . khamzat 's , that positive negative *incredible* neutral to hpositive neutral whose positive positive neutral mw positive and neutral should negator neutral the neutral until neutral beats neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral positive , neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral positive neutral , and neutral would neutral positive intensifier neutral the hnegative neutral until they neutral . intensifier neutral negative neutral , alex neutral of played him : *you neutral anyon eh ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral for you neutral neutral you positive the neutral ? * positive neutral negative neutral , neutral negator neutral the negative of negative positive you should neutral neutral the neutral neutral your positive neutral neutral . neutral with izzi neutral and the ufc salivating , alex positive to neutral strickland neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral izzi positive intensifier neutral cleaned neutral the neutral .
we neutral to neutral paulo neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral my hnegative neutral looked neutral against rockhold - intensifier neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral from that neutral . neutral should neutral khamzat neutral ddp . thi positive neutral from neutral negative neutral neutral btw . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral alex negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him outstriking him .
positive neutral neutral neutral where whittaker neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral mw ? neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral foty neutral could hpositive them neutral izzi vs pereira
the neutral anyon positive neutral negative neutral khamzat neutral for the mw neutral with neutral positive of positive neutral intensifier positive intensifier of hpositive intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive .
the neutral would've positive negative af
neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of colby neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , whittaker should neutral neutral neutral mw neutral the neutral neutral applies to him neutral that if neutral positive negator adesanya whittaker positive the neutral thi neutral neutral khamzat should neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive vettori to neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral mws . neutral neutral neutral to wins to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
pereira neutral positive “ neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral 's neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive khamzat could positive neutral neutral hnegative , hpositive neutral when you positive neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral , neutral would hpositive if pereira neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral fights
neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral announced for khamzat
neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral , bro . you neutral neutral .
khamzat positive the hype neutral that derailed himself .
alex vs khamzat neutral would've positive badass
neutral khamzat hpositive neutral the fuck neutral until neutral neutral makes neutral neutral ww neutral wins negative neutral neutral mw
neutral neutral negative khamzat neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral
neutral would they neutral neutral the dumbest neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral where neutral neutral positive , “ fuck chimaev ” neutral neutral . intensifier hpositive neutral neutral has positive neutral intensifier dumbass loudmouth . neutral 's neutral the poatan neutral whitaker if neutral wins .
intensifier neutral khamzat could neutral alex , neutral intensifier what ? neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral wrestlers neutral neutral could . khamzat neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative pos intensifier neutral neutral hpositive to neutral him neutral into neutral .
lol the neutral neutral neutral chimaev neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi shit neutral neutral
khamzat neutral to hpositive neutral neutral .
that positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral to positive “ neutral neutral negator negative to neutral chimaev . ” neutral what the neutral says positive negator intensifier hpositive . khamzat and ufc offered the neutral neutral alex neutral negator to neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
diminisher neutral whittaker neutral alex tbh . positive when whittaker neutral cumshot if neutral wins
neutral neutral diminisher neutral caring neutral khamzat tbh . neutral positive everyth neutral to him neutral the ufc neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral hpositive and neutral nate diaz neutral seconds , positive neutral could neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wanted . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral offered to him . neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral khamzat neutral rocked neutral neutral burns neutral neutral intensifier positive alex would neutral neutral neutral into the bleachers .
alex neutral negator negative thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral positive gane and neutral positive khamzat when neutral neutral they rejected neutral fights , negator the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral wants to neutral anyon
neutral positive positive chimaev has negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral these fights . the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive fights positive if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral everyon neutral positive neutral positive fights with him positive neutral claims , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral him neutral positive fights if neutral positive logistically neutral for him
neutral neutral wat negative positive
khamzat positive hpositive neutral negative darren neutral . alex positive neutral neutral .
that positive what neutral positive if neutral neutral hnegative of him negative
khamzat intensifier failed to neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral thi neutral if neutral neutral khamzat neutral would neutral to neutral released from the ufc , and neutral to negative neutral where fighters negative to neutral . ufc should neutral their neutral to udc ( neutral neutral neutral )
neutral seems positive the hpositive neutral if they negative to neutral anyon with neutral neutral neutral , whittaker would neutral neutral positive negative . negator that neutral positive neutral neutral that they neutral neutral him strikers , neutral they neutral neutral neutral to . would negator neutral surprised if neutral defends against neutral neutral , positive fights neutral intensifier neutral neutral and procházka , neutral rakic , whoever . wins and defends the neutral and positive calls neutral neutral . positive neutral and neutral neutral years neutral , negator hnegative .
neutral
neutral intensifier neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral to years .
could positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral dicking him
the subreddit positive neutral and hnegative . if they positive the neutral positive everyones neutral him , if they negative him positive neutral positive neutral everyon .
you neutral negative the neutral . neutral pereira neutral , khamzat neutral diminisher hnegative neutral positive " hnegative neutral ! neutral neutral him neutral ! " neutral someth positive that and neutral positive called him neutral for the neutral neutral negative they needed neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral jamal neutral neutral glover neutral neutral neutral . neutral that matchup neutral neutral pereira offered to neutral the neutral neutral khamzat , neutral negator becaus neutral wanted to neutral the neutral , becaus khamzat challenged him . intensifier with neutral fucked neutral hpositive , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral offered to neutral neutral neutral , hpositive to neutral khamzats neutral . hpositive pereira neutral that positive neutral and positive neutral neutral to hpositive khamzat neutral . hpositive neutral negative the neutral matchup neutral neutral positive pereira . neutral has that hpositive neutral neutral neutral him .
wtf you positive chimaev wanted to neutral alex neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral . neutral negator hnegative the neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral theyd care…
neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral co neutral neutral , positive .
thi positive ! neutral neutral neutral downvoted for neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral triggers the alex fans lol
neutral neutral positive for the lhw neutral bubba
what neutral you neutral ? they neutral positive they positive offered the neutral .
neutral izzi neutral him neutral . positive neutral neutral khamzat
neutral intensifier hpositive that khamzat gets neutral neutral of him neutral neutral to neutral positive
pereira wank positive negative , neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral diminisher kickboxer positive izzi , neutral would neutral positive against khamzat
khamzat positive pereira 's hnegative negative and neutral neutral positive would intensifier neutral neutral him and positive positive him . neutral adesanya neutral neutral pereira positive and controlling him . that positive neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive of khamzat neutral hpositive of everyon neutral .
khamzat would hnegative alex . neutral neutral negative worlds neutral neutral their neutral levels .
khamzat neutral neutral shit positive neutral would neutral champs multistop positive neutral refused alex 's neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive alex hnegative neutral moved neutral to neutral negator , neutral knows .
dumbest neutral neutral neutral . " you neutral to neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral " lmfao
neutral dallas neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral the ufc ? thi neutral positive changing the neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral with neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral ddp neutral seems negative
neutral would hpositive paulo vs perreira neutral hnegative neutral that would neutral
positive , neutral positive paolo looked hnegative vs rockhold . neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral rockhold neutral hnegative decisions neutral paolo neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the feet vs neutral negative gassed rockhold .
izzi negative
for alex
positive hnegative until neutral fights neutral and positive everyon positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral thi dudes neutral neutral hasn't neutral neutral anyon neutral mw positive neutral dominates the headlines negative . negator positive neutral positive hpositive neutral for fuck 's neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral joined the ufc and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . clocks neutral .
nope , the ufc neutral derailing him neutral negator letting him neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral the neutral neutral holds the ufc neutral of shortest neutral neutral neutral wins neutral negator negative to neutral ?
the neutral neutral positive neutral negative talked neutral says negative
how ? neutral positive negator neutral
and hnegative . neutral neutral neutral . what positive the neutral neutral ? khamzat submits alex neutral neutral neutral , neutral alex positive " neutral we neutral neutral neutral for the neutral ! " intensifier negator . alex beats khamzat via neutral neutral neutral . neutral says " neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you . " neutral would khamzat neutral neutral that neutral ?
coz neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral negative neutral positive neutral that positive neutral if khamzat keeps insisting to neutral with him . positive what neutral neutral neutral him .
neutral , makes neutral intensifier intensifier positive for poatan to neutral neutral with negator neutral to neutral neutral recovering from neutral neutral neutral neutral , chimaev intensifier deserves that positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral negative positive neutral the neutral
lmao if you neutral thi neutral neutral positive offered
becasue neutral couldnt neutral that neutral neutral that neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral seconds of their neutral and it'd neutral neutral hpositive against alex
neutral to neutral neutral ? you hnegative neutral that . khamzat would negative alex neutral to rounds neutral , hpositive him neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral khamzats
neutral claims the ufc pulled the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . my neutral positive the ufc neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral nate to khamzat intensifier they sacrificed him and neutral the hnegative neutral negative negative to hpositive khamzat-holland neutral .
“ neutral to neutral neutral ” intensifier positive neutral diminisher died neutral the neutral and the doctors neutral him neutral neutral negator hpositive and to neutral
negator intensifier khamzats hnegative that usman neutral and positive to neutral the neutral neutral and colby negator neutral and neutral neutral the neutral . khamzat negative neutral against diaz neutral neutral negator negative with the bullshit neutral positive pulling with masvidal and colby , sinc neutral positive belal positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral colby .
neutral called that shit the neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive
what neutral neutral covid neutral ?
you neutral intensifier negative neutral intensifier neutral
positive . intensifier neutral fans neutral neutral neutral chimaev becaus of the neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive that neutral positive scared of nate and paulo neutral .
you positive your neutral neutral the neutral huh ?
pereira wanted to neutral khamzat neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral . ** neutral the fuck would khamzat neutral that neutral . if khamzat submits alex neutral neutral neutral you neutral alex says " neutral we neutral neutral neutral for the neutral ! " intensifier negator . if alex beats khamzat via neutral neutral neutral , neutral says " neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you . " thi neutral no-win neutral for khamzat . neutral positive neutral neutral *any* positive for him to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive .
neutral gane neutral neutral fans neutral the neutral neutral ?
they neutral negator alex fans , they neutral khamzat haters . neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral of them
negator neutral cares neutral your neutral rn
khamzat positive neutral positive boi and alex negator wrassle , neutral alex positive neutral fuckoff negative and they positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral where khamzat belongs and alex would neutral neutral pounds positive neutral the neutral . positive if we neutral positive colby with jiri neutral neutral jiri .
yup , neutral neutral
pereira positive diminisher positive hnegative neutral negative to neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral than *checks notes* neutral philips
khamzat hasn't neutral neutral neutral positive neutral anyon hpositive neutral neutral looks positive neutral neutral neutral neutral when the positive and negative positive positive that positive neutral neutral positive neutral how positive neutral positive neutral .
> neutral neutral
> neutral positive alex hnegative neutral moved neutral to alex neutral neutral claimed neutral neutral negator planning to neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral would neutral him when neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral concentrating neutral defending the neutral , and mentioned neutral neutral izzi . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral him to neutral neutral neutral thi , negative neutral looks to neutral neutral neutral neutral him that neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral fi positive fum the mw neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral refused ? neutral positive hpositive the ufc offered that neutral to neutral neutral lmao .
>dumbest neutral neutral neutral . " you neutral to neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral " neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative you negator positive , neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral the neutral to neutral to your neutral neutral of events . neutral negative negative followed neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral positive hnegative for you , intensifier neutral neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral neutral your neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral the neutral
paulo 's negative positive positive the neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive mw neutral ?
the positive neutral neutral the neutral destroyed neutral , neutral negator hnegative what the positive neutral neutral the ufc would neutral to him .
neutral positive neutral it'd neutral positive neutral
paulo neutral him neutral the neutral and neutral the standup
neutral neutral izzi neutral neutral positive ?
neutral neutral hpositive positive when the fuck positive neutral gonna neutral neutral ? and against neutral ? what positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral ? neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , what positive neutral neutral ?
positive . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral thi subreddit hpositive neutral the neutral bullshit . him negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hype neutral , neutral the clowns neutral neutral wanted to neutral him neutral diaz , which would negator neutral neutral positive neutral and would've neutral intensifier negator for neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral declining
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the ufc to neutral to fights neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . fighters neutral the neutral rankings neutral neutral neutral breaks neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral khamzat positive positive negator neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to him
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral alex neutral neutral . the neutral !
they neutral positive would neutral neutral the neutral for the neutral if khamzat neutral neutral neutral when figgi neutral benavidez neutral negative neutral and they neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral neutral ? how neutral when dc neutral neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral ? neutral neutral announced that should neutral positive , the neutral would've positive for the neutral .
that neutral negator the neutral . alex could negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral would neutral the neutral hpositive neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral positive to positive .
neutral negator positive shit neutral neutral neutral ? negator neutral neutral positive khamzat hpositive neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral makes negator positive multistop neutral and comprehending positive neutral my neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral my hnegative that neutral / ufc would neutral neutral neutral bitching neutral the nate matchup when they neutral neutral everyth they neutral to hnegative opportunities for fighters that neutral neutral their neutral terms and negator negative ufc neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral if they neutral negator neutral the neutral they neutral the ufc would neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral doctors positive neutral . neutral neutral khamzat positive hpositive neutral for intensifier neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive miscalculated and positive neutral hnegative neutral . they positive positive the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral to neutral eyes neutral into neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral cuz hes negator neutral positive neutral neutral anyth , neutral could've neutral neutral positive . hpositive positive khabib positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier hpositive that belal neutral neutral promoted neutral the ufc . thi negator the neutral with khamzat
would negator you negative to neutral intensifier if your neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral how neutral the ufc intensifier positive . neutral wants to neutral and neutral and negative shit neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral positive to neutral for neutral hpositive diminisher negator negative if neutral would neutral
yo mama
they neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral that , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral fans neutral intensifier , intensifier positive neutral khamzat negative neutral , neutral negative that neutral showed neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral everytime neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral became neutral negative
chimaev would neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral could neutral nate positive .
neutral neutral neutral “ neutral neutral him ” neutral negator becaus of the neutral positive . neutral the negative hnegative neutral negative negative neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive hpositive negative negative , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral . positive multistop the neutral neutral you neutral anyon hpositive ( burns ) you neutral positive diminisher arguing chimaev neutral . and neutral hees neutral our champions neutral and negative shit neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral ? neutral stfu… neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral convo neutral .
neutral would pereira neutral hnegative to months neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral 's neutral neutral " neutral neutral when the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral asking for the positive neutral positive for negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive rocked and cuts neutral intensifier of neutral . pereira called neutral neutral . if you intensifier negative to neutral neutral to months , neutral has to neutral neutral positive neutral says " hnegative neutral hnegative neutral " and expects to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral kevin neutral . you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive for pereira to neutral neutral to months , neutral neutral neutral khamzat neutral to months , positive hpositive .

neutral gane neutral positive fans neutral the neutral neutral ?
lol neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative reminded of bisping vs gsp . neutral bisping neutral negator the positive neutral neutral gsp neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutralized diminisher neutral of neutral 's neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative positive and negative hpositive . neutral negator neutral khamzat neutral positive to neutral strikes from pereira neutral if neutral positive neutral hands neutral with neutral burns neutral and neutral positive negator neutral him playing neutral positive neutral neutral against neutral neutral heavier than him .
khamzat positive hnegative positive , neutral looks intensifier when neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive we neutral neutral him neutral positive positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral fights neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral surprised neutral how positive neutral looks . neutral neutral intensifier expecting him to ragdoll pereira if they neutral neutral .
nawz . alex neutral neutral dolled
neutral hpositive you neutral neutral to neutral “ intensifier , ” neutral “ fuckoff ” positive intensifier neutral neutral lol . positive khamzat shoots neutral neutral alex and neutral hpositive pushes him neutral positive neutral neutral .
jiri neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral positive alex… neutral neutral the neutral neutral to positive glover… neutral neutral with nemkov neutral until nemkov neutral positive to positive
the jiri vs colby negative hnegative positive waay positive
alex positive positive neutral with jiri and khamzhat positive neutral positive than colby . what positive thi negative ?
jiri positive that khamzat positive the hpositive of him dure neutral and jiri positive neutral positive than alex
neutral you neutral khamzat neutral hermansson ?
aliskerov positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral mw , and khamzat neutral hpositive negative against him .
negator the neutral neutral neutral kevin neutral neutral neutral neutral mw neutral neutral neutral .

neutral neutral neutral . you neutral khamzat 's neutral , positive , neutral and neutral and you neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral positive guys .
the hnegative khamzat takes neutral hnegative lmao neutral intensifier wrestlefucked hermansson neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier obliterated neutral neutral positive the neutral pereira positive . neutral negative hnegative positive that positive neutral positive when the hnegative neutral positive semi-competent neutral neutral . negative positive neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral with that negative hnegative . khamzat positive positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral ww neutral mw ( neutral neutral lhw neutral neutral the matchup ) . the neutral hpositive guys positive pereira neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral masvidal neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral the bkfc neutral positive
the neutral neutral dallas neutral ? what positive thi the wwe neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive rockhold , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral alex positive negator the positive neutral . izzi neutral the neutral . alex positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral gets wins neutral izzi from the fuck you neutral , negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative if paulo has anyth for alex , becaus the positive positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral performed neutral hnegative than neutral should of . you positive rockhold neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral knockouts , neutral ? neutral neutral positive positive and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the knees neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . paolo neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral negator positive .
colby covington . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and we neutral hpositive if neutral positive negator neutral hpositive positive that means neutral positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive than him
khamzat , neutral ?
ramadan
neutral positive negotiations ? neutral has positive fights neutral the ufc neutral the org ) . neutral neutral neutral positive positive ?
>only the clowns neutral neutral wanted to neutral him neutral diaz that neutral intensifier positive intensifier negative neutral thi subreddit than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . what neutral you negative neutral ?
neutral neutral negator negative him to neutral diaz neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral flubbing neutral neutral diminisher lbs and negator neutral to neutral neutral fuck neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral .
lmao neutral negative shit , everyon neutral complaining that neutral neutral neutral diaz to khamzat neutral diminisher neutral of neutral for neutral and to neutral nate 's hype for neutral neutral neutral matches , negator wanted to neutral that neutral .
> neutral neutral negator neutral khamzat positive positive negator neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to him khamzat positive neutral neutral of the neutral ducked fighters neutral the neutral neutral . neutral offers to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator wants to neutral him . neutral negative positive neutral neutral hnegative lmao .
neutral negator negative that khamzat positive negator hpositive of neutral neutral neutral the neutral . khamzat positive neutral him that neutral positive hnegative of him intensifier neutral offered him to neutral neutral positive khamzat neutral . khamzat negative the neutral negator the neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that alex negator hpositive neutral neutral that neutral .
you neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier you neutral negator intensifier neutral that pereira 's neutral of neutral " the dumbest neutral neutral " becaus neutral could negator hpositive you positive hpositive shocked neutral the positive of neutral neutral and you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral chimaev neutral negative poatan becaus neutral wanted neutral neutral neutral , and poatan offered him neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral of the negative . neutral would neutral neutral win-win for neutral fighters and chimaev positive neutral intensifier to neutral , sinc neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral if neutral neutral . neutral hasn't neutral sinc positive neutral . for poatan , neutral would neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral , neutral neutral how hnegative you neutral .
you positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral negative of hpositive . what neutral neutral happened positive that khamzat wanted to neutral neutral neutral shitty neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral from neutral hpositive neutral with negative hype neutral him , and positive when neutral has neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive wants to .
neutral steamrolled neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ufc neutral . burns neutral neutral neutral neutral . of neutral neutral ) fights neutral positive neutral the ufc . neutral neutral we positive neutral him neutral negative neutral of neutral fights negative , negative positive .
neutral guessed positive
that positive their neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral asked for neutral neutral neutral hnegative weeks neutral neutral . thi means neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher positive neutral neutral deserves intensifier neutral . neutral the hnegative positive khamzat fans neutral positive neutral neutral neutral planned ( doctors neutral him neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral negator planned ) and khamzat has neutral neutral neutral issues . if the neutral neutral khamzat neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral negative . thi hnegative that the ufc wanted the neutral matchup and khamzat positive neutral to neutral neutral with negator issues positive the neutral of the negative .
>asks for neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral >no >shows neutral and misses neutral neutral my neutral neutral would neutral neutral that
has neutral neutral positive positive drowned ? neutral neutral hnegative against romero and neutral neutral neutral neutral the against vettori , you could neutral rockhold neutral negative neutral costas neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for that neutral and neutral neutral outworking neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the cardio neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gives the neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative cardio neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive intensifier for neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral everyon thinks neutral positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive intensifier negator
paulo has neutral tdd & would neutral neutral him neutral the neutral neutral . neutral negator positive that neutral & vettori positive the neutral for neutral strikes neutral & neutral neutral their neutral neutral negative . chimaev could negator neutral burns neutral positive & positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral lw to neutral & neutral neutral mw chimaev neutral positive neutral negator neutral , neutral has neutral hpositive hpositive of negative .
neutral dogwalks khamzat
chimaev would neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral and cardio neutral than him
khamzat neutral negator neutral cardio . neutral positive drowning negator .
neutral gsp neutral neutral neutral scared neutral fights multistop
positive hes positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral could ) neutral neutral ww , alex positive neutral negative mw and neutral neutral neutral negative lhw . neutral negator hpositive how that neutral would neutral neutral pereira positive positive the positive neutral .
if neutral diminisher neutral neutral lights neutral neutral positive alex via positive neutral neutral
thi positive neutral negative neutral negative how neutral positive alex positive and having arguably the larger neutral
neutral , neutral positive brothered hermansson neutral their neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator negative hpositive neutral of neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral !
fuckoff neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral / / nz
neutral jiri positive that ? neutral neutral khamzat subs pereira neutral neutral positive negator neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . jiri intensifier has neutral neutral which neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral becaus neutral neutral and neutral positive neutered .
you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative intensifier that positive negative
neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral him positive neutral ? positive nvm , neutral that positive neutral aliskerov positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sambo .
kevin negator intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral my neutral .
dawg rockhold neutral intensifier and gassed seconds into the neutral
neutral negative how neutral shit chimaev gets for neutral neutral issues , neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral 's vs marvin . neutral how that neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral they positive .
neutral neutral merab neutral positive neutral cardio negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral sucks and makes neutral hnegative negator to neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the ufc .
sinc the neutral the neutral neutral announced neutral wanted to neutral neutral , when neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive missed neutral and neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how negative they positive they neutral negator neutral to neutral him neutral diaz . the neutral positive neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral positive that the hype neutral positive hnegative neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral diaz . intensifier what neutral you negative neutral ? the neutral neutral neutral talked neutral against neutral positive the ones neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . thi subreddit positive negator positive neutral for having the positive takes .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator diminisher lbs hnegative when that happened . thi neutral positive intensifier negative .
if neutral neutral negative shit positive neutral neutral neutral khamzat neutral neutral of messages neutral of the neutral neutral ? negator gonna neutral neutral and neutral myself hpositive becaus if neutral positive neutral diaz positive negator would neutral negative neutral neutral hype neutral neutral hnegative and that they neutral neutral of neutral neutral him lmao . intensifier the neutral neutral missed neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hype neutral neutral derailed .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral fingers and what positive positive neutral discussed .
> neutral offers to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator wants to neutral him . neutral offers to neutral **champions** neutral neutral fights neutral has negator earned . neutral neutral neutral wants to neutral neutral and calls for neutral , neutral khamzat gets suckers positive you to neutral him neutral for asking for hnegative neutral opponents , and negator neutral hnegative guys to neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral into .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral them neutral neutral negator neutral . intensifier , hpositive alex knows thi , which positive neutral neutral asked for neutral . alex walks neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative .
intensifier positive , negator positive neutral neutral thi neutral . makes neutral intensifier of positive .
the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral the khamzat neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral positive vettoris hnegative that neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral to hpositive neutral . khamzats neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral refueled neutral the neutral neutral , the neutral that khamzat missed neutral with positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral positive . >and khamzat positive neutral to neutral neutral with negator issues positive the neutral of the negative . khamzat has missed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and has neutral from to neutral neutral weeks neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative , the neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral we neutral negator hpositive that until neutral fights neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral means negator .
neutral that negative neutral . gets neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral .
neutral denver positive negator positive neutral the lungs .
neutral of those fights positive neutral the feet , , which would negator neutral the neutral against chimaev
neutral neutral , intensifier puts things into neutral
neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? vettori positive neutral negative intensifier neutral cares .
costas tdd positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hasn't neutral anyon with hpositive neutral neutral chimaev neutral negator negative to neutral to the neutral against burns neutral positive to the bjj neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive negator neutral that hnegative against neutral neutral could negator negative the neutral of neutral rockhold neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral seconds
paulo has neutral neutral the neutral of yoel romero with neutral knees neutral neutral , vetorri ( neutral neutral ) , and neutral neutral neutral rockhold when neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral neutral the ufc lol . & neutral hasn't intensifier looked hpositive neutral neutral sinc neutral the izzi neutral
chimaev positive negative him neutral the neutral when they neutral
neutral casuals neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to the neutral
hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral differences neutral fighters neutral negator neutral the neutral that if you neutral neutral negative neutral you neutral neutral to hnegative the neutral . pereira neutral negator neutral positive izzi neutral someth intensifier lets negator neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral everyon . neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral negator with neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral with burns hnegative khamzat , khamzat neutral neutral burns positive . burns neutral neutral intensifier neutral that khamzat walked into and neutral neutral neutral burns positive , if that neutral negator neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral . pereira positive negator neutral overhands positive that . neutral neutral hooks hnegative and neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral negative neutral where you neutral into neutral should neutral neutral hnegative . that neutral neutral the neutral neutral that khamzat neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral into shots , neutral neutral motioned burns to neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral punches to the neutral .
bruh , neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral the lhw neutral
neutral alex neutral multiquestion
kevin neutral , neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral negative hpositive than alex .
neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral gassed from the neutral . we neutral neutral neutral rockhold positive neutral hpositive neutral than perreira . neutral neutral neutral positive vettori , neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive positive to neutral those guys positive neutral neutral negator neutral the positive neutral neutral perreira positive .
you could negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral negator neutral neutral him hnegative and neutral to neutral neutral of the neutral , tf neutral you negative neutral and , that neutral positive neutral happened . and neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral paolo positive shit neutral neutral happened neutral neutral seems positive neutral negative him intensifier positive positive .
neutral neutral , neutral the neutral hnegative rockhold intensifier than neutral lol . neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hunched neutral neutral neutral knees .
>the neutral neutral neutral talked neutral against neutral positive the ones neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral idk if we hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive threads neutral someth , neutral the negative neutral of comments neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral that neutral hated neutral becaus they neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral . neutral intensifier neutral with that neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator , negator neutral intensifier of neutral intensifier neutral thi subreddit wanted to neutral neutral . wtf . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral that they positive negative nate neutral neutral neutral neutral to khamzat to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
sinc the neutral the neutral neutral announced everyon neutral neutral negator neutral neutral toni vs nate neutral , negator neutral wanted to neutral khamzat ragdoll nate everyon neutral thi subreddit neutral neutral they positive hpositive neutral nate sinc neutral neutral neutral the ufc
intensifier neutral shit neutral . negator wanted that neutral . neutral himself neutral negator negative that neutral that positive neutral we positive the hnegative neutral chairs neutral that neutral neutral with nate neutral toni intensifier ferguson
>he neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the negative . neutral neutral missed neutral negative . if neutral could negator positive the neutral neutral positive that positive neutral him . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck . >he neutral negator diminisher lbs hnegative when that happened intensifier neutral neutral neutral lbs positive diminisher lbs . we could positive neutral to hpositive you positive hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative neutral negative .
neutral neutral missed neutral pounds , neutral lol .
neutral hasn't earned them positive hes destroyed neutral neutral neutral hes neutral and negator wants to neutral him . the neutral neutral that neutral neutral for him neutral the neutral neutral . neutral : hpositive neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral negative neutral lol !
khamzat neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral dudes . intensifier neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
khamzat positive and neutral of neutral ufc fights neutral neutral if neutral gastelum and neutral whittaker neutral to neutral neutral to khamzat positive neutral . hpositive neutral negative of neutral . neutral positive positive mcgregor neutral neutral positive negator someth you neutral neutral neutral into your
neutral neutral mentioned attempted to neutral neutral to the neutral neutral hpositive neutral
becaus styles hpositive fights chimaev has positive positive the neutral hnegative , negator positive to positive neutral neutral the negative neutral & the neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral burns ( bjj negative neutral , hpositive neutral neutral and hpositive neutral ) , neutral positive neutral negative , hpositive & neutral chimaev neutral problems . against neutral , neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive than him / neutral negative & the neutral would diminisher neutral positive .
lol thi neutral . neutral neutral of yoel that positive izzi neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and intensifier neutral neutral from him neutral hpositive .
neutral chimaev neutral negative neutral burns and neutral negative of cans your neutral ?
neutral neutral positive neutral mma sinc you positive neutral diapers , neutral
for neutral ? neutral positive intensifier hpositive when neutral neutral has neutral neutral you and neutral neutral . pereira has neutral negative neutral neutral bjj . neutral neutral negator positive chimaev would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier intensifier cardio than we neutral neutral the burns neutral . positive neutral would neutral putting neutral neutral to neutral with pereira intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative the neutral neutral would neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier punched izzi neutral kickboxing , using positive gloves . anyon neutral says pereira neutral negator neutral hnegative positive hpositive hating neutral him becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral positive neutral . negator neutral .
tf neutral neutral negative neutral positive the neutral of the comments positive neutral negative with " neutral neutral positive neutral . " neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral him multistop intensifier tf you negative neutral ? and positive the neutral neutral happened and negator neutral cared neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral " becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral " that positive tf neutral neutral negative neutral .
you neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral that neutral hpositive you we positive negator negative to neutral nate neutral dunked neutral positive neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral to him .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral khamzat sinc has positive neutral the neutral shit " neutral of neutral neutral him , hpositive neutral positive " " hype positive neutral " etc , intensifier says neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral we neutral neutral neutral khamzat threads sinc the neutral neutral called hnegative and you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral shit .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral and positive missed neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral if neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral neutral neutral to the negative and neutral hnegative neutral neutral everyth they neutral to hpositive neutral .
> neutral hasn't earned them positive hes destroyed neutral neutral neutral hes neutral and negator wants to neutral him . the neutral neutral that neutral neutral for him neutral the neutral neutral . positive , neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive , neutral that neutral negator neutral mw . >edit : hpositive neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral negative neutral lol ! you neutral hpositive negative that neutral neutral has neutral , and neutral neutral has neutral , that neutral positive neutral neutral mw , where neutral positive positive positive neutral that neutral neutral wants to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral cheapo neutral , whittaker neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative having neutral positive positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral . and positive , khamzat has neutral to neutral neutral guys neutral ww , neutral when asked neutral positive neutral fights , neutral says neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of that , i.e. neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral him neutral hnegative neutral colby , and intensifier hpositive neutral positive positive neutral promoted to neutral neutral mw negative , neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative should neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral ducked , neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
positive neutral positive missed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
and negator neutral the neutral hpositive chimaev neutral . those fighters attempted , chimaev would negative
the hnegative neutral positive if khamzat gets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier of the neutral disagreeing with you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral what you neutral neutral .
“ paulo has neutral tdd “ where ?
and you neutral positive neutral against rockhold and positive that positive positive neutral khamzat …yikes
and positive you neutral negator hpositive how hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and how positive khamzat would hnegative neutral . hnegative .
lol neutral you neutral how izzi neutral him positive ? neutral neutral with khamzat 's neutral neutral neutral him positive hnegative neutral wants . neutral if neutral positive conceding thi neutral would neutral neutral negative of alex negator letting khamzat neutral *any hold* neutral him
neutral neutral you positive ? alex would negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral khamzhat
hnegative negative neutral
neutral positive negator neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral connects , neutral neutral lands the follow-up shots . neutral negative positive hnegative .
okay ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with that neutral of your neutral becaus neutral neutral khamzat 's neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive if neutral looks hpositive . that hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit positive negative neutral the diaz neutral , that positive the neutral neutral of what you neutral neutral neutral disputing .
negator , negator you neutral negator lol .
neutral positive positive you neutral equating neutral positive khamzat 's hype positive hnegative with neutral neutral negative neutral khamzat neutral diaz . neutral neutral negator neutral how those neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral you neutral bringing them neutral neutral if neutral neutral supports the hnegative . you neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral khamzat 's hype neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral missed neutral and the diaz neutral neutral canceled , neutral that positive negator becaus neutral positive negative to neutral him neutral diaz . everyon neutral that neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral positive neutral neutral hype neutral hnegative ( which neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral with ) becaus neutral missed neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , positive positive to neutral neutral neutral lesser-known negative , and acted positive negative and negative neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive damaging to neutral hype becaus neutral neutral positive of the neutral that neutral could neutral hpositive ww , which neutral the neutral neutral which neutral would neutral neutral intensifier positive and neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of negative negative negative neutral mw becaus neutral wins neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral hpositive neutral neutral ww wins .
how neutral neutral guys neutral volk neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive intensifier hnegative that you neutral downvoted for neutral hpositive neutral . neutral we hnegative these neutral neutral mma fans ?
you neutral hnegative , neutral that positive neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral positive negative than neutral
duuude multistop
chimaev positive neutral neutral fights . pereira walks neutral neutral that positive intensifier than neutral neutral you positive ?
neutral throws neutral neutral combos neutral . neutral strikes neutral neutral neutral of negator neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages lmao . neutral positive that thi subreddit positive neutral with neutral buncha redacted motherfuckers neutral positive to flipflop their narratives .
positive khamzat neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral of defenses , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive defeated neutral ?
neutral , neutral 's hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc to chimaev . you neutral to neutral pretending
neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative mma neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral romero neutral neutral positive and neutral
becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with positive bjj that khamzat neutral negator negative to neutral with . hpositive to neutral neutral looked positive neutral negative shit against the neutral neutral of neutral rockhold
you neutral the neutral neutral neutral you wanted to neutral khamzat vs nate and that you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral bro
neutral neutral hpositive using the neutral neutral . the hnegative positive that chimaev positive hpositive and volk positive negator . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator hpositive to neutral neutral guys hpositive neutral negator positive him . negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
ribas positive neutral positive and maycee positive neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive maycee via hpositive neutral
thi neutral 's guna neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral
pls ribas
hpositive ribas positive positive to outgrapple her . she looked intensifier hpositive neutral her neutral neutral
that has " positive positive neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral . ribas positive neutral the hpositive neutral neutral her neutral positive hnegative and neutral hits hnegative .
gotta neutral with ribas positive she has neutral wins .
neutral .
maycee gets hpositive matchup against negative hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral negative negative negative
maycee neutral tko positive intensifier hpositive than you neutral 's negative to positive .
neutral positive ribas . hpositive neutral neutral
positive maycee neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ?
neutral negator neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral jacksonville neutral . positive thi the neutral neutral they neutral announced ?
neutral neutral amanda positive positive positive the neutral neutral rounds and positive maycee positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral awarded the positive .
ribas neutral to neutral her tf neutral neutral subreddit her
neutral neutral ribas fucks her neutral
neutral predicted neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive positive thi neutral for diminisher neutral , should neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral negative for neutral lol
maycee neutral takes thi neutral
neutral neutral negative
neutral the neutral neutral maycee neutral . she has intensifier instagram followers . neutral neutral the baddy and neutral sean for examples .
neutral neutral positive dudes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral of neutral vs grasso . barbers neutral positive negator neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral the neutral she hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral and neutral neutral anytime she neutral positive to neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral positive positive to neutral
neutral my neutral negative for thi neutral ️
andrea neutral positive robbed hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of my neutral / neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral
she neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . she positive the neutral benson henderson
maycee neutral the neutral neutral 's negative
neutral neutral negator negative neutral to hnegative . fuck .
should neutral maycee neutral neutral , neutral for diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive ribas if she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive amanda and negative nunes and positive to neutral neutral when neutral neutral maycee neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive where to neutral maycee , she has positive hnegative neutral , neutral keeps negative fights neutral having neutral fights with hpositive fighters neutral her neutral . neutral faber hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
intensifier , positive stoked for thi neutral .
thi positive neutral becaus ribas neutral positive grapplefuck maycee , neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and if maycee neutral hpositive neutral with neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral goodnight .
negative neutral neutral neutral expectations ribas wins positive . if negator , neutral maycee to neutral neutral positive fiorot .
negative , ribas neutral neutral rounds
hpositive hnegative you neutral neutral negative , negative neutral positive neutral the positive from the judges neutral if you neutral her strikes and tds .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral the neutral from the neutral ribas neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ribas understands that she positive the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral ribas . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral boxes and drags thi neutral for neutral intensifier negative rounds . ribas neutral to neutral her neutral the neutral asap and neutral her .
neutral neutral amanda ribas positive positive neutral she positive neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral thi neutral ? neutral negator neutral neutral of them , positive , lauren neutral ?
maycee 's neutral positive underrated , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive the neutral
and neutral fighters positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive the neutral neutral !
ah fuck neutral positive neutral neutral negative
neutral positive hamanda neutral hayce
judges gonna negative neutral positive neutral to neutral maycee the positive
lmao
and neutral neutral damaging strikes
my ribae neutral
neutral hpositive , the neutral neutral neutral of ribas positive neutral to neutral neutral for neutral neutral of hnegative .
she positive neutral af . positive tkoed neutral negative neutral and dropped neutral jandiroba .
> and neutral hits hnegative . when she neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral , and negator neutral neutral multistop
hits neutral hnegative ?
neutral , positive that you multiquestion
positive grasso and kgb intensifier “ hnegative strikers ” ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive she positive neutral handpicked opponents , hpositive handpicked decisions .
shes hpositive intensifier shes neutral pushed . neutral if she loses the neutral she positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral hpositive ribas neutral she positive chinni .
she looked shitty against andrea neutral
neutral neutral neutral jax and neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral would you neutral neutral that positive positive neutral hnegative ? you neutral positive neutral hpositive odds… . what neutral hnegative - neutral . hnegative that you neutral neutral diminisher bucks , mom positive neutral you your neutral negative .
neutral positive negative that hnegative of neutral neutral . negative vs neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
what neutral the payout ?
bruh , the neutral neutral that gets neutral when maycee neutral positive the neutral . when neutral you neutral her negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral lmaoo
neutral neutral influenced neutral hanma baki
we hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral the neutral matchup with maycee
au contraire : if we hpositive neutral neutral to miranda neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , and where neutral neutral neutral negator legit positive neutral neutral positive neutral .
rararara
idk ribas has positive intensifier positive to neutral neutral
neutral negator hpositive michel waterson neutral neutral multistop the neutral positive negator neutral positive to neutral
negator neutral realizes neutral has positive neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral hpositive \*sonic boom\* and when she neutral pulls neutral hnegative you positive negator negative her neutral . she positive negator hpositive neutral neutral , she positive positive neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral 's neutral neutral ? she positive beefing diminisher and diminisher with neutral these neutral . neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral flurries that neutral neutral 's neutral neutral .
lol positive neutral her fights . neutral positive hnegative to neutral
she kicked hnegative the handpicked neutral with the greatest negative of neutral neutral , when miranda neutral positive neutral her neutral neutral aspects of the neutral , and positive neutral neutral the scorecards . neutral my hnegative that neutral makes negative neutral . neutral neutral positive intensifier legit judging .
neutral neutral she neutral to grasso neutral negator she ? neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral of them positive hpositive and she neutral my eyes neutral neutral of them
positive she intensifier ? neutral hpositive she neutral neutral positive neutral against rodriguez neutral when neutral has she neutral neutral positive neutral ? she positive dropped neutral jandiroba neutral the neutral rd neutral recovered neutral and neutral the neutral . if that counts neutral neutral chinni positive toni ferguson would neutral positive chinni dure neutral neutral lol .
neutral to the judging neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral . neutral negative positive prioritized neutral everyth , neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral ( knockdowns neutral neutral attempts )
neutral kno that positive negator neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral stings
neutral neutral inclined to neutral with you neutral ribas positive intensifier chinni . ribas has positive rocked neutral her neutral fights . neutral positive negator the positive negative hnegative she positive neutral neutral hpositive and neutral hpositive . neutral positive gonna neutral dicey for ribas neutral neutral .
against gillian ~~anderson~~ robertson , neutral neutral neutral to minutes neutral you hpositive what neutral neutral . neutral negative and neutral neutral her negative . if amanda neutral negator neutral herself neutral pushed neutral neutral neutral she takes neutral .
she neutral negator hitting neutral against neutral
neutral positive talmbout maycee 's neutral
positive neutral
she hasn't neutral neutral sinc the grasso neutral lol
my positive you neutral pushups neutral maycee and started neutral them neutral the neutral neutral neutral lol
that positive what they neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positions that she neutral negator neutral neutral negative from . neutral neutral , she positive diminisher messed neutral from neutral neutral neutral . neutral expected neutral to positive via hpositive neutral and neutral neutral you neutral neutral her , neutral neutral could negator positive negative hnegative neutral neutral becaus she intensifier neutral negator neutral anyth with her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the weirdest holds neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from negative neutral neutral .
dicey dicey bapa
gillian robertson , negator neutral
she neutral for neutral could negator positive my eyes when she positive neutral the neutral for neutral , and the neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive when she positive neutral .
neutral shit , neutral neutral that makes positive haha
haha , neutral you , positive , haha . ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral )
neutral hpositive neutral positive hpositive shit to neutral with my neutral lol . neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ufc neutral , neutral neutral neutral , pfl , bellator , bkfc , etc .
thi would of positive neutral for lol
firefox neutral positive
thi positive what neutral neutral . neutral u/brettawesome
you hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral with my neutral extensions neutral thi positive intensifier negative !
if neutral pulls info from google positive negator positive . for diminisher neutral google negative has hnegative info neutral ufc cards
sucks neutral positive neutral negative to positive extensions neutral negative multistop hpositive hpositive neutral
positive neutral neutral for intensifier promotions neutral ufc ? neutral neutral thi and neutral positive intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . for numbered cards neutral neutral to neutral my neutral neutral them . if neutral negator , neutral hpositive neutral neutral my neutral . weddings , children 's birthdays neutral , negator negative where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral streams neutral neutral neutral neutral iphone if you neutral using the espn app . neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral with my neutral these neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral someth . neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive what . the ufc positive intensifier hnegative when neutral neutral to promoting events . neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral the sidebar neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral . hpositive , neutral neutral the neutral of you . neutral positive neutral ufc cards neutral the neutral these neutral , becaus multistop fuck the positive and everyth the ufc neutral neutral neutral the neutral years . neutral positive neutral neutral positive . and their negative neutral of no-name fighters that the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral should hpositive multistop negator everyon positive neutral neutral 's neutral with the ufc hnegative stars .
you neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral you positive neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive neutral bellator . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral mckee vs neutral neutral . neutral neutral with neutral others neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive using that for years neutral and neutral positive positive neutral
intensifier ? neutral neutral neutral the google ones to neutral the positive . neutral to positive neutral cancelations negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral my ufc neutral hpositive and dates neutral hpositive googling " ufc " and neutral negator neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the events neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral .
what oauth tags neutral neutral neutral from google neutral ?
negator . they neutral allowing extensions neutral neutral and neutral neutral extensions to neutral thi neutral happened neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral positive updated neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive of thi the hpositive neutral neutral becaus diminisher neutral neutral positive negative , neutral these neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hnegative you gotta neutral neutral .
neutral
neutral neutral kidding lmao uni neutral neutral jobs , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral to the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral hpositive and neutral fights neutral neutral the hnegative cards . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive sinc neutral neutral checking neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop negator until neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sounds positive they neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral positive capabilities that supported neutral / neutral issues . neutral neutral ads suk neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral to the neutral if neutral involves having to neutral neutral / ads . neutral would negator neutral positive if they neutral negative ad-free paid for negative multistop
positive neutral negator multistop the info neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral multistop neutral positive neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral what you neutral mentioning from neutral positive multistop
lol , feelings diminisher hnegative to neutral neutral negator negative where neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral fights positive neutral neutral neutral neutral lol .
hpositive neutral neutral and neutral using extentions to neutral ads .
neutral hpositive the creators of ublock neutral they neutral hpositive negative neutral . they neutral they neutral negator negative to and neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral . fingers neutral .
neutral neutral looked positive and neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive the versions neutral neutral . if you neutral hpositive someth neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher extensions .
positive negator neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral multistop that positive what neutral neutral using neutral neutral multistop
what neutral ?
fr multistop neutral positive neutral using neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral enjoyed having the extensions hpositive neutral . neutral downloading youtube neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral figures neutral neutral neutral neutral .
nah you neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral what features positive negator multistop
modified neutral of neutral that blocks neutral intensifier of neutral that wastes your neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of extensions . neutral makes diminisher things neutral hpositive and diminisher things neutral hnegative . neutral if they neutral neutral intensifier neutral adblockers neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral .
hpositive neutral , fitzy . neutral neutral the neutral neutral !
eric seems positive neutral neutral neutral ! neutral should neutral neutral “ we neutral firemen ” neutral neutral rounds positive neutral neutral lol
intensifier hpositive positive
neutral you !
neutral neutral positive poatan
neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral him neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative exchanges neutral the feet , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier impressed neutral neutral positive / neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral and hpositive . intensifier , neutral neutral looks intensifier hnegative . negative positive positive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral girlfriend / neutral neutral neutral diminisher rows neutral from of neutral and she rivals eddi 's neutral . positive and hnegative neutral !
neutral , that positive positive positive negative . neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . if you hnegative fights that you neutral you neutral , neutral the judges hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral , how neutral you neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral caceres , and the erosa neutral neutral intensifier neutral . could neutral intensifier neutral into positive if neutral positive neutral hnegative negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the judges neutral ? neutral diminisher hnegative thi neutral neutral . fighters neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and peterson positive positive from that neutral .
gotta neutral the hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi negator to neutral the positive , and hnegative . neutral
neutral positive neutral thi positive ( neutral could negator neutral neutral ) , fighters neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral amounts of neutral . neutral positive their neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral thi neutral diminisher views neutral deserves neutral .
that neutral mtv neutral with neutral pettis neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral , negator positive with neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative and should negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral jose aldo neutral “ neutral positive the neutral neutral the neutral ”
neutral positive negative neutral to neutral neutral thi and negative negative . neutral neutral negative if the ufc has invested into neutral studies neutral neutral neutral and how to hnegative neutral … neutral negator hnegative how neutral injuries neutral cuz guys neutral intensifier cuts to neutral neutral .
edddiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! ahhhhhhhh
you should neutral neutral neutral against erosa neutral the strickland vs hermasson neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral . that neutral looks neutral neutral negative
> she rivals eddi 's neutral . positive and hnegative neutral ! lolololol
neutral for your eardrums
hpositive , they neutral negator *have* to , neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral playing neutral , you neutral of neutral neutral to . if you neutral negative pounds and you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral to neutral neutral guys neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and that neutral of neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral shitty positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral that unless you neutral neutral negative you neutral negator hnegative neutral to neutral hpositive .
neutral positive neutral of the positive guys you positive neutral neutral neutral ufc .
for hnegative !
you neutral neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral neutral and neutral how neutral neutral and positive positive neutral takes to neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral to neutral neutral thoughts neutral your neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral positive to the negative . positive positive neutral if neutral fighters would neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral , we positive neutral hpositive fights and neutral would positive fighters' positive .

neutral looks positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
gil neutral neutral positive positive hnegative neutral
with the fro neutral , burns neutral positive .
neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral
thi positive angela neutral
these ain't neutral captions neutral positive positive yeol romero transcribing what neutral says
neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral of the presser . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral kevin neutral masvidal neutral , wwe neutral . izzi neutral negator wanna negative . poatan positive neutral . what neutral neutral presser positive .
thi neutral positive negative gonna hpositive neutral funnier to casuals when neutral tunes neutral the toni neutral wannabe thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral questions and neutral asking “ what neutral thi neutral neutral to you ? ” im hpositive of neutral neutral / neutral compared to the neutral neutral neutral .
bro when neutral burns neutral neutral fro , neutral negative him to positive everyth neutral
they neutral positive diminisher neutral positive characters from hey , neutral !
neutral " neutral neutral " burns
positive looks positive neutral diminisher hnegative
neutral positive positive neutral jairzinho
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral hnegative from the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mayberry , and positive neutral the neutral . negator hnegative andi neutral approves , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive farmers neutral my neutral .
intensifier thi positive giblett barns
>usman neutral neutral burns positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative if neutral gets knocked positive and neutral stunned neutral neutral neutral , they neutral negator neutral neutral anyon positive .
positive neutral auditioning to neutral neutral the neutral mario bros neutral lol
neutral neutral positive what neutral positive negative neutral ? what implants ?
that neutral has neutral helluva 'fro .
'fro burns could neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral meme
neutral positive intensifier mario negative via neutral ( neutral neutral )
the positive mario neutral neutral af .
neutral neutral chucki
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive gonna neutral into cleveland from the cleveland neutral .
intensifier what positive the neutral neutral for neutral and neutral positive masvidal ? neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral masvidal has neutral tdd and hpositive cardio . neutral 's neutral positive negator the greatest and masvidal positive positive the hpositive neutral . neutral looks positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral looks positive neutral porno neutral .
neutral neutral that gta san andrea neutral / neutral neutral
gilrberto isa trippen multiexclamation
bettin the neutral neutral burns
neutral hpositive neutral burns . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral smashes masvidal
the mario neutral
neutral looks positive that neutral neutral neutral

neutral looks positive cleveland from neutral neutral
positive positive neutral negative hnegative with the afro neutral positive positive rockin neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative ?
positive positive neutral neutral
giblert bruns
bro looks positive neutral neutral q-tip
neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral masvidal 's hpositive neutral , neutral multiexclamation
burns has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral 's positive
neutral gil
neutral looks positive neutral would neutral you neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier negative positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral the conor wannabe suits and neutral .
salvador sanchez lookin neutral
ufc fighters neutral the hnegative neutral athletes neutral
looks positive neutral of the neutral sisters
looks positive neutral neutral from mario
neutral positive neutral !
afro burns positive hpositive .
looks positive neutral shops neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral looks positive neutral backyard neutral kid
chia negative neutral
positive positive tego calderon
anyon hpositive what neutral the neutral neutral multiquestion
mario
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier the fro intensifier of hpositive positive negative neutral neutral ; afro gilberto
that positive neutral neutral
afro burns positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral .
neutral shit that positive legit ! ? neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral photoshop when neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral lmfao
netflix presents : the intensifier mario brothers
looks positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative andr hnegative .
brotha neutral tha fro neutral . neutral neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral
neutral rico
a.i. neutral neutral the neutral multiexclamation ¡
neutral neutral neutral neutral fro burns positive positive neutral brunson neutral somethin neutral positive neutral him hpositive
masvidal neutral to neutral negative negative neutral neutral
negator examples ? shit neutral intensifier of hpositive what the negative
neutral we neutral that thi neutral 's positive negative negative fro ?
positive positive positive askren .
neutral neutral neutral quema cuh ?
gilrberto isa trippen multiexclamation
my neutral has neutral the neutral neutral neutral of mario
lmfao ‍️ they intensifier otta' neutral neutral neutral translators .
neutral fans neutral negative . booing everyon , wtf you neutral to the neutral neutral positive if you neutral negator positive neutral of the fighters . neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral looks positive neutral negative
when you neutral neutral and neutral neutral :
nate neutral
neutral mario
neutral neutral ( positive hoss )
legit baki neutral
hnegative neutral
intensifier positive the cleveland neutral lol
neutral multistop neutral positive diminisher conway twitti multistop
neutral looks positive that neutral neutral from phinea and ferb
neutral looks positive neutral neutral of hpositive neutral
neutral neutral positive nate neutral
neutral positive thi hnegative neutral lmfao
when the fro positive neutral , neutral opponents positive neutral
neutral neutral the fro , neutral neutral the neutral .
" neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ? "
when the fro neutral , they neutral neutral
neutral luffy
fros neutral , bros neutral
neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral
positive negative neutral neutral , fro burns
fro positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral
" neutral ain't positive neutral g-goo-goo-good neutral "
“ negator neutral neutral reebok ”
neutral neutral you positive neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral
neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral lol
negator for positive neutral neutral ? negator for positive neutral ?
with the neutral neutral positive positive ye olde romero
#i lub yoo !
neutral we neutral joey diaz translating what yoel romero positive transcribing what neutral burns positive neutral
ye ol' romero
they neutral neutral .
you guys positive neutral these ?
neutral neutral neutral intensifier against the negative negative ?
neutral neutral the wwe neutral positive what pissed hnegative neutral . neutral seemed neutral positive negator neutral the positive neutral and diminisher positive neutral neutral the fighters to neutral neutral for neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral jorg
neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative questions neutral knows that if neutral pisses neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral . for the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral “ what neutral the emotions neutral into thi neutral ? ” .
neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral conferences intensifier neutral would neutral neutral questions . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of the reporters neutral hnegative to neutral the neutral negative intensifier neutral positive neutral the hnegative 'icebreaker' neutral gets the questions started neutral of having neutral periods of neutral
neutral hpositive positive positive the neutral to neutral and neutral that .
how neutral neutral neutral neutral paid ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral . the hnegative journalists positive neutral thi
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier you neutral negator neutral for him to neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral disagrees
masvidal positive and has neutral neutral neutral fights neutral neutral neutral . neutral looked negative neutral neutral neutral fights neutral if neutral neutral to khamzat .
when neutral the neutral neutral masvidal looked positive the hpositive neutral against neutral neutral neutral ? if your neutral positive from the neutral neutral that hnegative neutral you someth
negator hnegative with how neutral of them neutral neutral
how positive that neutral to thi neutral neutral ?
erik neutral
nathaniel " nate " neutral
the ufc has neutral neutral of chairs
fuckin loi , nyeheheheheh !
hnegative
that positive gilbo baggins multistop
neutral neutral , marião .
hahaha
when the fro ain't neutral , motherfuckers neutral dropped
gettin hpositive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral pictures
negator forgay for the positive of the positive of the negative the neutral positive cheeses neutral
maiko bishping , neutral luuhhh juu , neutral you negative . boi
neutral yoo zoon , boi !
izzi positive neutral positive neutral these , looks positive alex intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral punches neutral hpositive than that neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral podcast and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to them .
intensifier neutral neutral positive
they neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral intensifier neutral , negator neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral the highlights neutral shared neutral intensifier you negator neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral intensifier when sean strickland positive neutral them
negator and neutral positive negator positive neutral anyon neutral .
diminisher of these neutral neutral positive to neutral . neutral neutral colby 's , conor 's , the positive positive guys
neutral username .
if neutral positive to negative neutral positive to hpositive hnegative the neutral neutral positive
neutral dacade neutral , neutral shit talked gsp neutral neutral post-fight neutral neutral . neutral positive outraged , and lorenzo fertitta neutral him from neutral positive neutral appearances neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral post-fight presser for years .
neutral negative that to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral that neutral positive to the neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral could neutral username that .
negator hnegative neutral that positive the prevailing neutral . jorg 's standup positive neutral neutral neutral rounds . the hpositive neutral positive neutral rounds neutral positive positive , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive suited for rounders . neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral guys neutral the neutral . if you neutral him neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral . jorg positive hpositive neutral neutral
nah cuh neutral positive neutral
positive , , that positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral . “ neutral neutral neutral the emotions “ .
neutral asked him neutral diminisher months ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ) and neutral neutral neutral shows neutral neutral intensifier that positive neutral neutral neutral gets the neutral negative . gotta neutral the neutral
idk neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral positive mma neutral of the neutral .
positive what ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral laptop
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral gonna negative
neutral neutral neutral months . sinc when neutral hnegative to usman and colby negative your abilities ? usman neutral neutral burns positive neutral neutral and positive neutral fights with colby . neutral , , how neutral neutral positive thi neutral negative their positive sets ?
neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral colby and usman outstruck him . burns neutral negator neutral those neutral tools . thi positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral hpositive him neutral izzi has neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive positive positive they neutral neutral neutral negative to hnegative neutral athletes .
y'talmbout riffin with neutral
when the fro gets neutral , fighters neutral neutral
giblert burns , reebok neutral giblert
neutral negator .
alex gonna fuck izzi neutral neutral . and positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of izzys neutral . and positive neutral knuckles takes the neutral from pereira . and positive izzi gets neutral neutral and positive alex takes neutral neutral neutral and and and
>that neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
strickland hnegative neutral the presser neutral . hpositive negative negative . hpositive neutral hpositive positive that neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral of thi positive neutral to what positive neutral asked , neutral neutral of thi positive negator neutral hpositive neutral . neutral negative thi neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator shit negative gsp , neutral critized him for positive to neutral and neutral neutral owes hendricks neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral the judges and the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral fuck neutral the neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . having neutral that , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral that and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral from pre neutral neutral neutral pressers for neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc neutral neutral neutral the gsp neutral negative how neutral hpositive neutral shit neutral and neutral neutral with neutral neutral
neutral positive jorg positive neutral hpositive neutral , burns positive has positive neutral and mma tends to neutral negative shit neutral . neutral neutral the neutral worries .
jorg breaks the neutral for fastest neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral .
and the ufc wants jorg to positive thi
intensifier hpositive anyth neutral neutral neutral burns' blacksplosiveness positive negator to neutral neutral negative
neutral , neutral neutral . masvidal neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with intensifier hpositive tdd . neutral neutral neutral burns negative to neutral him positive , neutral hpositive neutral the feet and neutral neutral neutral rocked . neutral my hnegative neutral burns positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral , thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for masvidal .
jorg positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ; burns positive neutral the neutral of the neutral . should neutral hpositive neutral .
yan neutral negative
neutral positive positive neutral def showed neutral how to neutral neutral neutral vs chimaev . would you neutral neutral negator ? burns hasn't positive neutral my neutral neutral tbh .
neutral neutral positive neutral jorg neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral how neutral wins thi neutral neutral neutral against the neutral and hnegative boxes for rounds
lol
shows neutral neutral _every_ neutral neutral ? okay positive neutral .
neutral neutral ain't neutral negator neutral neutral dollars neutral cmon
wtf neutral you negative neutral usman neutral neutral burns ? usman diminisher positive neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the positive neutral the neutral . neutral wins thi neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral wants . idk how you neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral .
burns positive neutral neutral neutral bjj neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral masvidal 's
if you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral sinc positive the hnegative that positive neutral you
neutral him with neutral , neutral and neutral neutral . masvidal positive negator neutral hpositive if you neutral negator neutral him neutral and neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral to neutral neutral kicks and neutral combos hnegative . neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral with hpositive takedowns and positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral matchup for jorg .
if you neutral referring to their hpositive to neutral him positive and neutral him neutral neutral to burns neutral neutral you hnegative neutral surprised . neutral neutral burns neutral negator neutral to neutral him positive neutral hpositive has to threatened neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral gets masvidal to neutral to the neutral of neutral neutral neutral burns neutral neutral neutral with neutral
mma positive neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral haha
neutral neutral neva meddum .
when the fro positive neutral , they neutral neutral positive kush .
when the fro positive neutral , neutral neutral positive
hnegative neutral bro
hnegative neutral
they hpositive gonna neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral
izzi gonna neutral neutral to neutral neutral from positive zealand . they neutral neutral kid . years neutral they neutral neutral for positive . kid 's results neutral neutral neutral neutral . izzi says “ must've positive neutral mixup . neutral and your mom ain't positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . ” neutral neutral 's neutral : ‍️ the kid 's neutral :
alex neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the negative . neutral to neutral that neutral fucked neutral
izzi beats pereria positive pereira neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negator neutral izzi neutral neutral runs to lhw
pereira positive negator neutral neutral neutral if neutral wins . neutral positive neutral neutral becaus of izzi . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral positive , and neutral could neutral neutral to lhw to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral positive . that would neutral negative intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral . negator to neutral the neutral of ( jamahal , jiri ) positive neutral intensifier hpositive positive for alex than the neutral of which has intensifier hpositive wrestlers . neutral positive for alex to neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral positive to and neutral hnegative .

you and neutral neutral hpositive ideas of hpositive negative negative lol
neutral cruz neutral diminisher hpositive with neutral with neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral that gsp neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth and neutral negator attending the neutral neutral . neutral neutral gsp arrives neutral the neutral neutral . that and how positive neutral neutral that gsp positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral negator positive gsp .
gsp neutral the intensifier intensifier concerns neutral positive hpositive and cte neutral to neutral strikes to the neutral positive negator " that positive of neutral " neutral to neutral . neutral gsp neutral of neutral concerns , neutral negative started shit negative . neutral *own champion* who'd neutral them neutral neutral neutral their positive neutral the comany positive neutral neutral until that neutral . gsp hpositive neutral " they're negator *you're* problems , you positive negator neutral with them until you neutral . " positive neutral positive neutral warriors and neutral loved the neutral .
neutral positive intensifier shit my neutral and positive neutral my shitty neutral
neutral blackurns
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral . positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive positive “ fuck neutral neutral , imma neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral negative ” ? neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ? lol
neutral neutral hpositive neutral and that neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive you neutral .the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
positive . the neutral hnegative positive how positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral ?
neutral neutral negator surprised neutral neutral . burns positive negator the neutral that colby and usman neutral and neutral positive negator neutral . neutral positive negator neutral of neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral the hpositive to neutral him positive . usman positive negative neutral masvidal positive and colby positive to neutral hnegative until neutral overwhelmed him .
you positive neutral neutral that , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
hnegative subreddit neutral to the fryers neutral
when the fro positive neutral , opponents shall neutral
neutral hpositive . neutral hpositive looks positive neutral giblert to neutral
neutral hpositive that neutral melendez . hpositive neutral positive neutral giblert
and neutral positive neutral adesanya neutral knocked neutral neutral
pereira neutral neutral neutral , controlling the neutral and neutral the neutral , for positive the neutral . points neutral negator negative when you neutral knocked neutral . izzi played the neutral neutral positive pereira neutral the neutral . neutral izzi positive fucked neutral
you neutral negator neutral neutral " negative neutral fucked neutral ? for the neutral negative years , izzi has positive neutral for decisions , negator finishes . neutral positive neutral neutral for - neutral hpositive , negative negative and neutral , hpositive neutral . and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive izzi neutral than we neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral ( negator neutral neutral wins ) . neutral should neutral neutral neutral
oof . neutral neutral neutral passed neutral . positive for the timestamp and everyth
neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral fux neutral neutral neutral bro
sean strickland positive negative multistop neutral talks , negative negative
strickland neutral neutral neutral negative and positive neutral izzi 's neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral from sean .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral diminisher everyon neutral they neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of the ufc . neutral has trashed intensifier neutral fighters that neutral neutral neutral .
where neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral conferences for years ? you neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral negative , your opinions neutral negative
remindme ! hours
neutral negative to neutral neutral with that shit neutral haha . neutral neutral jorg
positive negative . pylori positive , hpositive gonna neutral neutral hpositive for you neutral
neutral neutral they positive neutral , “ boo-urns ”
neutral positive positive neutral positive diminisher hnegative positive / gentlemen 's neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . hasn't neutral positive neutral the longest ? neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral 's camping neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
rewatch the neutral . you neutral hnegative .
that positive my pont neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral to neutral him positive and neutral him positive to hnegative neutral masvidals neutral , neutral hpositive has to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral him positive . that changes masvidals neutral neutral to the neutral of burns
neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral , for the neutral of my neutral , neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral giblert , hpositive becaus of that neutral reebok neutral .
positive , neutral neutral of " giblert " neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral would positive neutral if neutral negator neutral negative neutral pitty fuck neutral . neutral neutral franci franci neutral positive years , talks neutral fedor ( neutral negator neutral neutral neutral obv . ) , gsp when neutral wanted to neutral etc .
neutral positive neutral messaging you neutral to neutral neutral to neutral you of **this **click thi to neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral reminded and to positive spam . ^ ( neutral neutral neutral ) ^ ( negative thi neutral to neutral from ***** - - - -
remindme ! hours
positive thi . hnegative journalists neutral neutral thi
burns neutral neutral numbers neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative . neutral negator friends with negator gilberts neutral if neutral neutral neutral , hes neutral called giblert for neutral
neutral hpositive what they neutral , neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral my neutral neutral . neutral positive negative to neutral that neutral neutral mma fans neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive has to neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral to positive , using the neutral of the neutral to neutral neutral neutral you negative . you hpositive , neutral if you positive mixing neutral arts to positive neutral
shes neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
" neutral makes neutral neutral " -
if alex neutral neutral with neutral neutral izzi hnegative neutral neutral
neutral and masvidal booing neutral positive for neutral negative of seconds neutral neutral colby neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the closest of neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral
the burns afro positive neutral
burns neutral neutral positive neutral 's the neutral hnegative neutral neutral
masvidal neutral when 's the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral years neutral
that positive neutral the dumbest negative neutral the pressers . “ neutral ” : “ neutral , should we you neutral neutral you neutral neutral ? ” neutral : “ positive . ”
fighters neutral burns and masvidal
sinc when neutral gives neutral fuck neutral fighters arguing ? neutral neutral negator neutral
atleast neutral positive neutral hpositive for alex to dogwalk izzi with the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive the neutral and jorg negative becaus neutral neutral negator neutral of the scheduled neutral ? neutral neutral neutral of surprised . that hgh neutral neutral loves neutral positive tnt knows neutral .
neutral , neutral negative to positive izzi , neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative .
neutral neutral pissed neutral the neutral negative and the neutral jorg neutral positive intensifier neutral for neutral
neutral neutral booed neutral masvidal and burns neutral the colby neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative . colby and neutral positive neutral neutral lol

thi neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral intensifier controlled .
neutral looks hpositive with neutral neutral and neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral .
alex positive positive the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral from neutral hnegative neutral that neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator positive shit neutral stirred neutral ? neutral
jorg positive neutral positive neutral of brandon moreno , intensifier negative of him to neutral neutral neutral for him
izzi insists neutral the negative
neutral gets negative when neutral positive reminded vinc has neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral than him
ah , positive , the intensifier hpositive bmf neutral that negator neutral seems neutral neutral fuck neutral .
neutral neutral theyve positive asking the neutral negative to izzi and alex neutral mindset neutral and neutral lol
izzi 's armpits neutral negative , you neutral the neutral neutral poatan
neutral intensifier sucks lmao
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative positive thi neutral positive neutral 's neutral neutral diminisher shit ? neutral neutral loves the bs neutral multistop
when positive the schmo gonna neutral the hnegative neutral ? neutral positive that the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral these , neutral they neutral neutral positive memes neutral someth lmao . burns neutral neutral neutral and izzi positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral neutral has neutral vibes
“ positive we neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ” neutral , hpositive negative
negative wtf positive thi neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral
how has negator asked neutral the positive gloves ? these reporters neutral negative .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral burns and masvidal neutral boo'd neutral positive colby 's guaranteed neutral neutral lol
neutral : hpositive shuts positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral : uses neutral of conor neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral promos
neutral neutral neutral . negative shit neutral . neutral positive to rewatch neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive . everyon hnegative 'love you jorge' 'fuck you neutral ' neutral neutral neutral intensifier haircut' neutral neutral positive neutral negative

dammit neutral neutral neutral negative masvidal / neutral negative ! neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative .
izzi neutral for the bdsm neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive how neutral positive negator allowing questions neutral the masvidal / / neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral negator neutral into thi neutral neutral to neutral them neutral neutral and neutral . you positive negator neutral thi neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral 's neutral
burns positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral those neutral
intensifier neutral neutral negative positive lmao
these “ neutral conferences ” neutral neutral into negative neutral positive sinc they neutral anyon neutral the neutral ( negator hpositive “ neutral ” ) to neutral questions . positive , neutral has the neutral to neutral neutral and neutral cursing neutral neutral when neutral neutral negative questions . the neutral positive negative neutral hnegative .
positive neutral where neutral ruins hpositive neutral
izzi neutral positive neutral the bdsm neutral . what neutral neutral for fetlife
negator hnegative if neutral should neutral neutral hnegative neutral izzi 's neutral to neutral negative 's neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the schmo for memeing neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier negative neutral the neutral neutral lmao . you positive masvidal neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral for neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral and you neutral negator gonna neutral him negative neutral diminisher shit . intensifier neutral to positive neutral positive neutral of the neutral positive neutral conferences when you neutral the personalities they positive neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral positive neutral sinc neutral fucked neutral neutral
neutral neutral 's jorg neutral that bullshit neutral negator questions lmao
burns with the neutral namajunas hnegative
neutral positive negative neutral negative , thi positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore .
neutral positive positive angela neutral
lol neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of izzi
has neutral neutral neutral from “ loved ” to hated intensifier neutral than jorg neutral shit neutral positive neutral negative
neutral hnegative negative questions ? lmao
negative for the bmf to negator neutral mentioned neutral neutral neutral
anik positive neutral hpositive for neutral pressers
burns seems to neutral neutral negative hpositive positive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral
neutral : negator negative neutral wwe , negative neutral these guys . neutral neutral : negator negative neutral these guys . neutral bitchy positive
neutral diminisher hnegative the neutral neutral
neutral hnegative the neutral presser . neutral wants the ufc to neutral
intensifier neutral guys with lowered neutral with shitty exhausts neutral the neutral intensifier to neutral for masvidal .
izzi : neutral y'all neutral neutral neutral y'all neutral
lmao the fans neutral negative that positive lowkey negative
kratos neutral positive neutral jorg
neutral neutral negative
neutral positive hnegative neutral
whoa hpositive realized neutral neutral positive neutral positive skinhead neutral for neutral than neutral has positive positive
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative when strickland neutral negative shit to izzi neutral neutral gets neutral pissed neutral neutral and masvidal . neutral negative neutral neutral negator wanna negative negative negative neutral them
positive neutral positive , neutral hpositive for diminisher neutral , someth positive and neutral hpositive shuts neutral positive ?
izzi could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral himself and neutral hnegative neutral .
izzi neutral negator neutral positive
izzi intensifier neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral rooting for him and positive neutral jumps neutral neutral the hnegative neutral with the neutral neutral broh wtf positive that
burns looks positive neutral neutral preschooler with that afro and neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral , neutral we neutral the mlb neutral of suppressing your athletes personalities neutral
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral censoring the jorg / neutral neutral , what neutral intensifier negative , neutral them neutral neutral that could neutral the neutral for jorges neutral neutral neutral neutral loses to that neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negative negative hnegative , neutral positive hpositive when hes negator neutral
neutral rosas jr positive neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral looks and sounds positive neutral positive positive bashed neutral neutral neutral neutral .
jorg lowkey looks positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
seems positive neutral negator neutral positive neutral of the wwe neutral , neutral positive positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
positive , that shit neutral neutral .
aw neutral neutral positive the izzi negative
neutral positive neutral
burns and jorg neutral neutral to negative shit positive lmaooo .
colby neutral woodley neutral masvidal hasn't positive neutral positive sinc
the schmo positive neutral neutral positive with that lmfaooo
neutral has neutral negative negative neutral someth
“ neutral makes neutral neutral ” poatan neutral positive neutral and sounds positive him negative
intensifier masvidal neutral neutral the neutral neutral him omw to neutral my neutral savings neutral neutral ml
neutral neutral neutral neutral . rodriguez the presser positive neutral and neutral positive neutral for face-off
neutral neutral positive ? ! ? negative negator !
jeez neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative positive
jorg stan'ing for neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral positive negative neutral neutral where pereira and adesanya neutral positive friends neutral neutral 'buddy cop' neutral positive
negative for neutral : how neutral you positive neutral neutral reigns neutral neutral wwe negative
neutral neutral them hpositive bro
lol burns and masvidal agitated neutral neutral 's neutral
masvidal negative neutral to neutral negative
neutral neutral guys ? neutral positive neutral positive neutral
schmo positive hnegative slapped !
intensifier ponzinibio has neutral positive of ears
ponzinibio neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ears neutral the neutral to neutral
izzi has neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral for potan to fuck him
neutral must've neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier pissy .
negative neutral shit that negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and fails to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , positive neutral
what tf positive that neutral
for neutral neutral neutral positive izzi neutral neutral the neutral neutral from the hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral the jigsaw neutral neutral
tf positive izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral
lol neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral neutral knows neutral
neutral trippin
pereira positive what the negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral lmao

neutral my yugioh players : neutral 's neutral neutral
would neutral negative to neutral whitaker neutral the neutral of izzi neutral alex to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral diminisher neutral
what positive with the neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral
the negative neutral burns neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral
what positive that neutral burns lol
bro positive hpositive lmao
intensifier of weebs
neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral : " neutral hpositive "
positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive negator neutral . neutral looks positive shit .
pls negator negative neutral plugs
the neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative positive
youtube neutral negative hnegative positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the internet
lmao these dudes neutral eggshells negator neutral neutral negative positive negative for neutral
neutral my neutral positive negator brandon
bro fr
neutral bringing neutral the neutral
neutral positive izzi cosplaying
if jorg neutral became neutral they should neutral what wwe champs neutral and hnegative the negative neutral with the bmf lmao
neutral intensifier positive burns positive neutral to negative jorg and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier bitchmade neutral neutral trailblazer neutral neutral fucker
neutral negator neutral neutral of questions neutral neutral conferences neutral neutral someth ? lmao
neutral positive neutral hnegative of jorg neutral arrested neutral neutral neutral ?
that neutral neutral makes izzi neutral positive neutral kid compared to alex .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and jorg ? hpositive if neutral has neutral neutral diminisher of hpositive neutral the neutral has happened .
neutral positive positive afro luffy lfg
could neutral neutral these comments hpositive positive what the " don't neutral neutral " neutral with kevin neutral neutral ?
wtf neutral ? ponz gets positive neutral to negative , neutral him positive himself and the neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative
giblert 's neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral rodriguez neutral asked neutral negative ?

neutral neutral neutral has negative neutral hpositive , idk how , neutral positive negative neutral hpositive
uh neutral masvidal positive eyeing neutral
poatan positive the neutral
woah what positive izzi positive neutral
what neutral izzi 's neutral ?
neutral izzi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
lmao burns with the mario hnegative
ufc bmf neutral lmao
neutral ponzinibbio , neutral to kevin 's corneas
neutral neutral hnegative masvidal neutral negator neutral neutral neutral conditions .
adesanya positive intensifier intensifier neutral hpositive poatan knocks him neutral negative
what positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral smh
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral ? xplain
neutral luh you neutral
hnegative the rodriguez neutral pulls hnegative the hnegative neutral negator neutral asked neutral negative
lmao neutral neutral masvidal to neutral the negative for him . thi neutral positive intensifier cooked .
how neutral you neutral jorg neutral when the neutral started translating neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator hpositive the neutral for thi neutral you , neutral
negator neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral and neutral negative steve neutral 's neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi neutral positive than positive neutral
intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral masvidal and neutral that positive hpositive thi neutral from neutral . hnegative if neutral positive neutral pressers cancelled lol
positive ufc neutral fuckin neutral lol
neutral positive hnegative for the fighters neutral neutral positive neutral negative dure these pre neutral neutral neutral with positive fighters
neutral " neutral hoss " burns
burns positive neutral neutral fuck with neutral boysssss
hnegative if izzi gets neutral neutral negative . would've positive neutral neutral hnegative for negator .
neutral negative
neutral hnegative negative questions ?
y'all neutral izzi positive gonna positive the neutral neutral if pereira beats him neutral and neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral imagining that they positive neutral " neutral d.t. " when masvidal neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral - " someth ?
neutral anyon hpositive neutral glover positive neutral neutral those neutral things ?
neutral 's neutral for colby 's neutral neutral neutral neutral . when “ neutral neutral neutral ” positive the positive you neutral positive you neutral intensifier hnegative neutral straws
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral gotta neutral for my positive , neutral neutral neutral burns gets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher fights
y'all neutral jorg positive neutral hpositive against burns positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral
cmon neutral neutral
everyon 's neutral positive neutral the bbls neutral neutral
jorg neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral the lets neutral brandon neutral neutral positive neutral that positive expected
masvidal positive hnegative
neutral hpositive izzi neutral neutral neutral wanker neutral neutral neutral hpositive him
izzi positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral for him multistop
neutral them boys neutral neutral
neutral positive elsa
burns and neutral vs masvidal and ponz neutral neutral neutral , playa neutral neutral , neutral
dang neutral neutral scared of neutral neutral lmao
positive positive poatan could neutral neutral izzi 's neutral intensifier hpositive if neutral wants to neutral positive neutral neutral . izzi seems intensifier positive
positive neutral guys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations jorg pulls neutral hnegative
neutral negator colby neutral neutral intensifier positive negative than masvidal ? lmao

neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao .
yall neutral neutral izzi when neutral neutral
these neutral neutral neutral fighters neutral neutral neutral skirts , neutral neutral , neutral neutral suits and intensifier neutral . they neutral to neutral conor 's neutral asap .
neutral looks positive the neutral neutral neutral wikipedia neutral from ufc hpositive neutral hpositive neutral -

izzi looks neutral neutral . someth hpositive neutral him thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive for neutral negative neutral negative ‍️
**dear favourite mods of my favourite subreddit positive** neutral we hpositive negative the negator neutral positive neutral these comments ? thi subreddit positive neutral neutral reddit positive becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral . these comments positive neutral neutral neutral arguments neutral them .

hpositive neutral you hang neutral neutral the gentrified areas neutral negator you hpositive the neutral of that neutral


lol yall neutral neutral the neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral
everyon neutral raul 's negative has positive neutral negative
how hnegative positive neutral izzi could neutral to
yanez positive wins the positive neutral positive
izzi looks neutral neutral . someth hpositive neutral him thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive for neutral negative neutral negative ‍️
neutral strickland , vettor , neutral and conor hpositive to neutral neutral conferences
burns neutral and neutral positive hnegative neutral . neutral dresses these dudes ? alex looks positive neutral neutral hnegative dork negative to neutral knocked neutral hpositive . my izzi neutral positive you neutral neutral safer than neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive you boys neutral thi neutral
masvidal and burns neutral neutral colby 's neutral .
neutral positive negative for masivdal vs neutral ?
we neutral hpositive with thi presser . negator neutral to neutral neutral and masvidal neutral into neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator negative positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral positive into they neutral negator started neutral neutral smh
neutral neutral mom hpositive neutral minivan positive ?
neutral jorg and izzi thi positive gunna neutral intensifier hnegative lmao
gibbi has negator hpositive for him neutral neutral neutral positive from neutral haha
lfg neutral yanez
neutral neutral jon neutral for these pressers . neutral sucks .
neutral positive negative neutral negative
neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral . intensifier these fighters neutral negator neutral paid neutral
letsss gooo neutral neutral miamian im hpositive
how 's neutral beltran neutral ?
lmao neutral burns neutral into holloway for neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral , him versu the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations pereira neutral negator hpositive adesanya chinni . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive shots from thi neutral ! neutral could hnegative neutral neutral !
neutral the neutral
izzi intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
ong
neutral neutral positive mf
colby neutral woodley sinc masvidal 's neutral positive lol
neutral krause positive hnegative
neutral that neutral intensifier hnegative lol
neutral neutral neutral retires neutral the neutral negative years , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier sinc the neutral of him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral has reservations neutral negator positive anytime .
burns positive neutral neutral neutral neutral booing him from feet neutral with neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive with neutral of them .
lol for intensifier , neutral neutral neutral positive tuco cousins
neutral with neutral neutral positive heisenberg . " neutral 's negator meth , neutral positive negator hpositive . neutral you negative to neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator . "
hpositive nerger neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral projected neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral resumed neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral promo lol
intensifier hnegative hpositive reactions from neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral positive helps the neutral .
neutral to neutral latino neutral
that neutral positive intensifier intensifier negative , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive intensifier neutral .
neutral positive my hnegative neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral fights sinc that neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive positive that neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral positive positive kevin and jorg intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral becaus neutral gets interviews with neutral intensifier of hpositive fighters . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive if neutral dropped the hnegative hnegative .
alex neutral the neutral neutral of the positive neutral fighters neutral thi neutral positive neutral .
neutral you muh muh muh muh muh neutral neutral ?
negator neutral hpositive neutral “ neutral you neutral neutral ? ” neutral neutral
neutral neutral .
sounds positive
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral these neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral for the fighters and neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral they gotta neutral neutral those issues neutral neutral
lmaaao neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral and neutral could negator neutral moreno 's neutral becaus everyon neutral booing and cursing lmao
lol neutral hpositive alex would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with him .
and neutral positive neutral claims neutral the neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral fighters neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral neutral .
neutral someth hpositive seems neutral with neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral colbys neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral drops charges against jorg .
neutral sucked , neutral neutral positive neutral him negator positive to negative masvidal and neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral scumbag , neutral thi neutral hnegative .
neutral positive becaus of the neutral that happened neutral neutral the ufc neutral neutral . neutral positive positive that they negative to neutral negative neutral positive that .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral has to positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative negative and neutral the neutral neutral . neutral and colby neutral neutral to positive . neutral / / neutral .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral asking questions neutral neutral negator they ? neutral neutral neutral of them
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . should neutral positive positive neutral the elsa shit , " neutral positive neutral neutral " . hpositive neutral neutral of self-awareness , lol .
neutral positive positive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive , the neutral neutral intensifier hnegative putting
neutral could neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral negative hnegative neutral with neutral . idk neutral lets izzi neutral positive thi
> you positive masvidal neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral for neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral and you neutral negator gonna neutral him negative neutral diminisher shit . the neutral neutral neutral neutral heard that makes positive of neutral positive that masvidal legit attacked negative neutral neutral having neutral with him , and the ufc neutral neutral neutral negator negative to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier hnegative neutral neutral , and they egged neutral neutral with neutral neutral of assaulting neutral neutral thi neutral neutral .
neutral wanted to neutral them negative negative neutral fuck neutral for that
angela gil

khamzat and neutral
the neutral neutral negative the negative and positive ignored neutral conor neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral than that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for him neutral that neutral .
hnegative neutral
what positive the neutral of him neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive negator neutral questions the 'president of the ufc' would neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral jon anik
lmao .
masvidal positive neutral hpositive " neutral neutral " intensifier neutral neutral negator wanna negative hnegative to fights neutral the neutral neutral
neutral and masvidal neutral neutral positive neutral neutral fights that neutral caused neutral negative of issues . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . masvidal has positive neutral neutral scuffles with hnegative fighters including neutral that neutral pressed charges for ( the colby neutral neutral ) .
neutral positive elsa
reminds neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ruiz neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral if ruiz positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations alex demolishes neutral neutral . izzi neutral positive positive rounds positive usman vs neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral if neutral gets flatlined neutral neutral negator positive what positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral anymore , neutral intensifier positive positive . negator against the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator hpositive him , neutral neutral intensifier irritates neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of having neutral neutral that would neutral hpositive hnegative to the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral makes neutral intensifier hnegative to positive him neutral lmao
how the fuck neutral you neutral rooting for izzi ? neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral ?
the vibe positive hpositive , the neutral neutral neutral wanted the neutral and neutral positive that neutral positive neutral neutral green-to-mma alex neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral positive annoyed to neutral neutral and jumping neutral the hoops neutral the neutral , neutral negator negative thi neutral neutral becaus neutral stands to hnegative neutral intensifier if neutral fails neutral . neutral positive hpositive thi neutral neutral vettori neutral whittaker neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative to negative jorg neutral pissed and negative kevin neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral and having the neutral neutral canceled . you neutral neutral neutral negator negative to positive neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral hnegative .
pallister neutral neutral . pallister neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative negative characterized neutral hnegative neutral features negative neutral clefting of the neutral and the positive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative you neutral neutral intensifier positive
tbf thi positive neutral neutral neutral " positive neutral " , and neutral negator the centre of neutral for thi neutral , negator neutral neutral for the neutral ones neutral , neutral negative intensifier negative neutral and having neutral with everyon neutral lays neutral eyes neutral positive what keeps him neutral , which positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive lol
neutral hasn't positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral masvidal negator neutral into neutral shit positive to the neutral issues with the neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral tryign to positive anyth escalating that could hnegative neutral of neutral neutral cows ? hpositive negative neutral
intensifier they neutral neutral
" i'm neutral negative neutral for thi shit "
neutral " dumbo " ponzinibbio
chri neutral hpositive positive slapped for thi neutral
izzi has neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral for potan to dogwalk him
neutral intensifier positive multiquestion
neutral neutral - cuz neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral answered , hpositive neutral neutral how hpositive neutral would neutral for the neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral translated .
the neutral neutral hnegative
positive positive neutral denni the neutral lol
the neutral mario neutral neutral neutral neutral durin iho
neutral looks swagged neutral neutral neutral hnegative lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral earlier lol
neutral neutral shitty neutral neutral
you would neutral neutral intensifier of fans if you positive neutral
balenciaga
neutral negator intensifier neutral how neutral has neutral hpositive .
neutral positive negator negative the neutral neutral .
the neutral positive positive
neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative jorg and kevin neutral the neutral neutral cancelled lmfao
neutral positive pmsing and negator letting fighters neutral questions that positive negator neutral neutral to the neutral they neutral neutral
neutral looks neutral imo , neutral has zoomer positive
looks positive neutral stardew neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive asked if raul positive overrated neutral negator
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive to neutral anyth hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral to neutral negative neutral , neutral hands hpositive gonna neutral neutral neutral
corniest shit neutral
that positive neutral hnegative neutral to negative neutral knocked neutral
neutral neutral negator negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative from him
neutral you negator neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral neutral steroids for neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral .
and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral alex to neutral until neutral beats him . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral , alex positive and the cuts positive to neutral to neutral neutral their neutral . neutral neutral izzi positive neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive thi neutral and neutral alex .
neutral hnegative multistop neutral positive if pereira wins and moves neutral , whittaker takes neutral / edges neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral close.he 's the positive neutral neutral for neutral and comers neutral neutral , bo and khamzat neutral multistop
positive neutral 's neutral neutral
neutral positive they positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral someth , neutral neutral sounded positive which negator neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral lol .

they neutral shokz headphones . they neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral letting you neutral everyth neutral you .
biolencia cojoneh
neutral neutral , burns neutral positive hnegative
negator neutral positive scared of neutral neutral , hpositive looks negative neutral fuck
nah , neutral hpositive looks shit . neutral hnegative that neutral neutral hnegative of poatan 's positive neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral the neutral multistop neutral the neutral neutral the negative . whichev you hpositive .
colby has the neutral hnegative neutral neutral woodley neutral neutral that neutral neutral tko neutral neutral griffen neutral jorg positive that diaz neutral neutral , askren neutral and neutral positive neutral
neutral positive negator . neutral neutral neutral
neutral ?
neutral neutral . anyon neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral 's neutral takes neutral neutral negative . masvidal looked positive af with neutral negative . adesanya gets neutral points for neutral and neutral neutral with neutral although neutral neutral intensifier negative . poatan neutral hpositive anyth neutral hpositive . if everyon hpositive negative suits it'd neutral neutral af
neutral neutral they neutral intensifier intensifier neutral ?
negative , neutral looks positive himself ? that positive negative
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol .
thi positive izzi neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral runs neutral and neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral fooled . alex neutral neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral for izzi
neutral neutral expecting him to neutral tbh . neutral neutral neutral wanted thi neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral poatan neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and tdd



neutral mean…if we neutral to positive neutral 's lies ( don'tnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral gates neutral hnegative neutral cities positive intensifier hpositive , positive neutral negator ?
gutierrez positive neutral negative . neutral neutral .
kevin neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negative than izzi . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral could hpositive neutral negator negative neutral himself .
intensifier hnegative imo . neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that hnegative tbh . if neutral neutral neutral figures positive hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier than usman
neutral conor mcgregor …no neutral
bro izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
how neutral you neutral
colby neutral burns
burns could neutral into the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative colby .
neutral neutral hpositive izzi from neutral chinni neutral neutral .
hes diminisher positive neutral hpositive neutral compared to neutral diminisher months ago… . neutral neutral neutral has someth to neutral with him neutral intensifier neutral neutral powerslap
neutral neutral neutral “ boo-urns ”
the neutral intensifier neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral the bmf neutral " . that neutral negator intensifier bmf of him .
neutral seemed positive negative hpositive layup to neutral neutral neutral the neutral against colby , that neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral to usman , unifying neutral with the ww neutral and neutral neutral the neutral bmf .
jorg having neutral neutral of negative guys outsode the neutral positive the neutral . if neutral gets arrested the neutral could neutral hnegative .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral and neutral neutral him neutral negator neutral neutral that and would negator neutral him .
neutral negative neutral positive positive multistop the neutral positive him negative , which positive him the interviews . if neutral drops neutral , neutral knows . neutral neutral neutral positive someth neutral diminisher hpositive for fighters negative that neutral positive positive positive neutral hnegative , intensifier they negator intensifier " neutral neutral " the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral for fighters intensifier they positive neutral they hnegative negative negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral makes fighters sorta hnegative becaus of how negative the neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative for the fighters , neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral ( neutral intensifier negative ) that neutral positive negator positive the hnegative interviews they neutral neutral . neutral , neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral tbh . neutral positive hpositive sorta neutral with neutral . neutral could negative neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher neutral .
they hpositive neutral hnegative everytime
they should hpositive neutral neutral .
if you negative to neutral negative neutral positive that ( which neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral ) positive you neutral hpositive and negative how neutral neutral fighters neutral neutral neutral their neutral . what you neutral negator neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral them for asking neutral neutral negative that fans negative to neutral the neutral to . the intentions neutral neutral neutral the methods neutral negator
neutral positive becaus of the neutral . that positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and negator anik .
neutral positive the fastest .
neutral positive negative to neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral seems to neutral positive neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral of the neutral that positive neutral positive positive neutral to him hpositive neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral hpositive
bc alex hnegative neutral the hnegative matchups bc izzi hpositive cleaned neutral the neutral bothers neutral from neutral meritocracy neutral neutral that and the neutral that neutral positive neutral for neutral lhw neutral neutral against neutral pisses neutral hnegative neutral intensifier im negator positive neutral alex neutral positive hpositive the neutral
neutral positive negator positive anyon positive him to neutral the positive . neutral neutral neutral positive positive hinted that neutral pushed for the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral against the positive of neutral coaches . neutral neutral negator hpositive how that positive him negator positive the neutral
negative kane has neutral neutral neutral of neutral .

that positive hpositive and neutral could neutral the neutral
neutral neutral spilled my neutral
neutral neutral negative 's hype
izzi positive
neutral neutral adesanya has neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral and looks for neutral / tko . neutral than neutral neutral could neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral negative if neutral plays neutral negative hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive the neutral neutral and neutral to positive neutral points becaus neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . alex positive hpositive the hpositive neutral and izzi 's neutral positive negator hpositive neutral to neutral the positive neutral neutral . alex neutral neutral neutral intensifier of mistakes neutral neutral . alex has the neutral neutral and positive neutral hpositive neutral izzi thi neutral neutral .
neutral rooooads , neutral neutral hooooome
ahh , neutral . fanx .
intensifier neutral positive everyon would neutral neutral my neutral intensifier of hpositive that positive what neutral neutral for neutral youtube 's comments neutral reddit 's lmaooo
positive for the neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral looked negative . neutral neutral the afro / neutral combo .
frfr thi positive neutral
neutral looked positive mario .
neutral the nba and neutral neutral lol
neutral positive positive positive the neutral neutral , hpositive neutral hpositive neutral lol
if neutral alex could negative positive izzi . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral



neutral neutral positive neutral rodriguez . positive you neutral ?
negator hpositive . usman has neutral negative neutral whilst neutral having neutral legs . adesanya positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral .
we positive hpositive neutral positive neutral weirdo intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to him positive that . alex and burns neutral positive neutral toddlers . neutral these dudes neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral them . you gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral from . neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral positive donkeys .
neutral intensifier intensifier than you positive positive . neutral positive alex neutral neutral neutral neutral thi gonna neutral neutral hpositive neutral asswhipping . neutral positive neutral negator neutral alex positive neutral hpositive neutral mma positive my neutral neutral .
burns positive hnegative tiers neutral colby .
burns negator neutral neutral . the neutral positive negative hnegative neutral .
becaus colby positive intensifier negator neutral bmf neutral neutral positive of the neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative , neutral intensifier neutral damian mia , hpositive negator what neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of that neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral diaz neutral neutral intensifier diaz neutral the bmf neutral neutral . “ neutral has positive ”
neutral neutral knows neutral positive negator positive the neutral neutral positive pitot neutral hnegative neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral knows neutral positive negator positive the neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral lol
becaus the neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral and masvidal neutral
neutral reminds neutral of neutral theroux neutral diminisher diminisher neutral that neutral . neutral plays neutral intensifier hpositive neutral when neutral documentaries , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive their neutral and positive positive they positive to intensifier positive things to him .
negator intensifier , neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive positive for them to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral guys neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral hpositive fans positive the neutral neutral from the neutral 's neutral of neutral , neutral positive hnegative and neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral with negator ridiculing neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral has neutral positive neutral negative and neutral positive flashbacks of the ufc neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral the hnegative . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral guys neutral neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , they neutral neutral that negative hnegative neutral neutral conferences to hype neutral neutral neutral they negative to hpositive the neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral into neutral becaus hes positive hnegative lines neutral neutral positive negative intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral of how hes neutral , neutral negator positive thi positive the neutral neutral hes positive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive positive him from neutral neutral positive when neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral and neutral deserves neutral flowers from neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator negative to hnegative neutral , negative neutral and positive games neutral these neutral . rejecting the neutral could neutral neutral neutral izzi neutral scared neutral hnegative the positive neutral
fr ?
neutral negative hnegative
neutral neutral izzi has to neutral and positive him . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral rounds neutral the feet neutral neutral neutral with poatan . neutral hpositive positive negator . neutral neutral neutral gets tkod neutral quicker thi neutral
anytime neutral , we neutral neutral students of thi neutral called neutral
itsa neutral , durinho
negator negative negator neutral , neutral that neutral neutral intensifier than neutral of our mortgages . neutral neutral hpositive with neutral . fro'd neutral . neutral .
what ? alex positive for hnegative the hpositive neutral .



lmao neutral positive neutral that neutral . idk neutral neutral neutral positive of chri gutierrez .
are*
neil magny positive neutral neutral ww neutral neutral positive neutral to izzi . dan neutral from izzi 's neutral - negative than izzi neutral neutral neutral positive managed to neutral neutral fights neutral izzi positive positive than intensifier of guys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the negative ends of the neutral . neutral neutral from what neutral neutral positive against opponents neutral positive neutral against . gastelum neutral the neutral neutral that neutral outweighed outweighed him neutral the neutral . izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral to hpositive neutral neutral with neutral negative dieting neutral neutral could positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral should neutral recommending neutral neutral . would neutral positive to neutral .
you gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jumpsuit where neutral neutral from ! neutral neutral neutral neutral !
you neutral negator neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral mma ?
how ? colby hasn't neutral anybodi
neutral positive how you hpositive neutral positive izzi neutral neutral neutral , , the neutral neutral experts and neutral psychologists neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative negative becaus neutral asked rosas neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral that izzi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive , neutral for neutral you neutral neutral cardio of neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral alex positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral and negator positive that izzi positive neutral neutral neutral when alex neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral alex neutral neutral hnegative
izzi could negator neutral neutral him positive neutral neutral . alex neutral negator neutral for that negative neutral and the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral .
facts neutral
negator neutral .



chri positive neutral munhoz neutral that'll neutral neutral neutral
magny positive neutral negative than adesanya . neutral neutral adesanya neutral , neutral and neutral , neutral positive neutral positive . adesanya neutral would neutral positive tj dillashaw neutral negative . neutral has negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him negator neutral neutral
keyword positive mma
burns would hnegative colby . hnegative match-up for colby . hpositive neutral neutral burns positive and if neutral neutral neutral positive with that . neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive negator neutral neutral , colby gets neutral and burns hits negative hnegative
burns sucks neutral neutral . neutral hnegative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral rounds neutral the feet . neutral has to positive diminisher hnegative neutral


neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive adedanya positive positive . neutral neutral lbs if reports neutral hpositive . adesanya positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral where guys positive neutral themselv to neutral neutral they negative neutral negator neutral to . adesanya to ww would neutral neutral feta neutral would negator positive neutral . >adesanya neutral would neutral positive tj dillashaw neutral negative . neutral has negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive izzi 's negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral asked if neutral could and neutral negative my neutral cents neutral that hnegative . neutral negator neutral it'd neutral hpositive for him neutral neutral would positive neutral . would hpositive neutral positive to neutral .
negator neutral neutral ? positive .
burns sucks neutral neutral becaus you positive intensifier . okay .
positive . bo nickal sucks neutral mma neutral and would neutral him with eyes neutral and neutral neutral negator kidding . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral wrestlers . negative neutral and hnegative
neutral nong-o shall neutral neutral neutral neutral .
rodtang gets alot of neutral neutral nong neutral positive neutral from the neutral neutral . negative fuckin neutral
dj vs brooks hpositive neutral neutral neutral
ah the neutral of their hpositive muay neutral neutral , haggerty neutral to neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral haggerty fails to hpositive neutral neutral pulls neutral positive they neutral neutral of the negative neutral neutral 's from neutral to neutral to nong-o…
neutral , hpositive these muay neutral neutral ups . their neutral lumpinee neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative . intensifier of neutral . lets neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral negative nong neutral neutral neutral hnegative if haggerty wins neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral nong oooooooooooo dats the positive negative positive neutral neutral positive fn neutral to positive that "
nong-o positive neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral bangers
puric neutral to neutral diminisher neutral
neutral
neutral positive neutral how neutral neutral positive neutral could to neutral neutral the ufc…the neutral hnegative mma neutral could negator neutral anybodi neutral thi neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral ufc events and neutral neutral neutral mma subreddit and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of these neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral to ufc neutral terms of hpositive
neutral anyon hpositive how neutral the events neutral neutral for ? neutral positive neutral attending neutral and wanna neutral to hpositive hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive anyth neutral neutral neutral hpositive
what positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral negator neutral how jon wins thi . neutral positive neutral hnegative wars against rodtang neutral nong neutral positive positive , intensifier positive and has intensifier weapons than rodtang
positive that mini neutral 's neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral negative haggerty to positive negative . the neutral deserves neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral you neutral the neutral neutral you neutral neutral ufc fighters could neutral neutral to the neutral that you neutral neutral ufc ?
positive hours
neutral neutral the neutral should neutral . neutral neutral neutral jhanlo neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative with neutral negative .
neutral positive you neutral neutral hpositive quoted drilla neutral you hpositive neutral
intensifier positive neutral neutral mma has intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral europe neutral neutral . and those regions neutral neutral of the negative mma neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral mainstream . having positive fights neutral tnt positive negator neutral to positive hpositive them neutral . neutral you neutral neutral estimating how hpositive their fighters neutral . they neutral diminisher hpositive fighters neutral negator of their dudes would neutral champs neutral the ufc neutral neutral johnson neutral neutral gives neutral shit neutral negative ?
homie positive hpositive intensifier negative of neutral with everyth neutral says .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral wins neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral hpositive neutral into the negative rounds and neutral gets neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
the hpositive positive negator negative negative neutral terms of the neutral negative mw champs . neutral whittaker/adesanya and adesanya / pereira neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative to neutral intensifier hnegative neutral matchup neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative low-margin neutral for them . granted , adesanya 's neutral neutral hnegative matchup neutral neutral for whittaker than pereira positive for adesanya , neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral seems hnegative neutral for neutral intensifier of izzi 's neutral neutral mma
neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral matchup for izzi , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral positive that pereira neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral izzi neutral to of the fights . neutral positive negator positive neutral positive steamrolling him . with that neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive intensifier negator neutral intensifier matters .
alex “ im neutral thi for neutral those guys you neutral everyth neutral from ! ” pereira
" the shoey positive neutral the hnegative neutral " negative neutral for you
neutral izzi negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral positive neutral
makes positive neutral hnegative . and neutral neutral negator neutral izzi 's neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral loses ( neutral amanda ) . neutral if neutral positive neutral glitch neutral the neutral , positive neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher neutral him hpositive & neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ‍️
neutral called chimeav neutral neutral asshole that positive soo hpositive
hnegative neutral pereira positive my favourite timeline . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the zombies neutral positive neutral
positive neutral to neutral into izzi 's neutral tbh . hpositive neutral izzi that neutral positive your neutral knuckles .
alex has neutral negative . izzi gonna neutral neutral positive elsa
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fights .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negator the neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative him . neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral with the neutral negator you neutral neutral him multistop
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . alex hnegative neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral hpositive intensifier neutral negative him to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck neutral izzi . thi positive negator kickboxing , thi positive mma , and you neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral negative thi negative positive .
alex positive hpositive neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive if alex positive neutral neutral motivated
poatan neutral intensifier neutral multistop neutral positive thi neutral
gotta neutral with thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive
neutral neutral negative neutral with alex where neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral amateurs neutral negative hpositive and that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anymore if neutral neutral neutral alex would hnegative , neutral hpositive has neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral beats izzi neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral the neutral neutral . diminisher of neutral neutral to positive hes neutral hnegative neutral neutral for izzi .
takes neutral neutral of isreal 's neutral advantages neutral the neutral neutral , and positive has neutral the neutral and kickboxing neutral neutral him . what neutral neutral matchup , intensifier if izzi steps neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral
negative lol
neutral of you shitting neutral izzi gonna neutral dickriding the neutral neutral diminisher than
neutral neutral misremembering thi neutral neutral neutral neutral gassed and neutral and izzi positive him neutral the scorecards neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral the to neutral him neutral neutral of neutral to the hpositive positive ? neutral neutral positive alex neutral neutral neutral izzi positive neutral himself neutral hnegative 's neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral matchup and positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral lasts neutral thi neutral and that izzi neutral negator hpositive him neutral gifts thi neutral . neutral neutral remembering that hnegative ?
neutral what neutral positive neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive izzi neutral dominating intensifier neutral neutral neutral of that neutral until neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral izzi positive neutral to positive positive , neutral positive hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral against neutral positive izzi
neutral neutral izzi should positive positive rd to neutral and neutral the neutral neutral .
tbh neutral whittaker-pereira-adesanya neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral for the neutral
neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral the stronger neutral neutral the neutral neutral . izzi positive humbled , neutral neutral positive positive thi neutral neutral
neutral neutral rooting for pereira neutral neutral rewatched the neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral into the neutral my hnegative and the announcers' .
izzi neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral alex gets negative neutral neutral if izzi eeks neutral neutral neutral . izzi would neutral neutral neutral neutral that alex should neutral to neutral neutral diminisher of the wrestlers to hpositive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral positive izzi positive negative .
chimaev positive neutral the neutral negative .
negative . what the subreddit called positive neutral neutral neutral neutral replays
thi neutral neutral diminisher than hours neutral neutral thi intensifier neutral
neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral rounds neutral to hnegative neutral positive .
izzi neutral and neutral rounds of their neutral neutral neutral . if neutral shell'd neutral and neutral positive neutral would've neutral and neutral would've positive neutral neutral neutral
shit , neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral fights neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral dolled .
neutral hpositive neutral could neutral neutral . becaus we positive neutral neutral hpositive positive of neutral negative . neutral my positive neutral neutral him neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral movies
things neutral hpositive thi neutral . the neutral positive neutral the hnegative neutral . the neutral neutral misses the negative .
what neutral neutral positive neutral the embedded ? " neutral neutral neutral scared of myself " ali-esque
shit neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral him neutral positive hnegative
neutral neutral makes him intensifier neutral scarier . positive neutral negator neutral bothered to shit negative neutral neutral things neutral negative neutral . neutral hpositive talks positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral shit
izzi neutral knows thi negative
positive khabib positive neutral neutral
nah neutral negative neutral neutral positive elsa positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral and the kickboxing neutral . positive neutral positive neutral neutral words
neutral positive neutral neutral of shit , neutral knows izzi positive him neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral talks that shit ? neutral negator hpositive neutral .
if izzi wins , they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral with pereira . neutral neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral if pereira wins neutral .
neutral knuckles for neutral
bobert nuckles gots neutral positive podcast called mmarcade . neutral talks mma and neutral games . neutral and neutral co-host neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral has neutral that neutral positive neutral talks with the ufc " neutral neutral how thi neutral ends " .
my neutral neutral thi neutral that . thi subreddit positive intensifier hnegative for neutral neutral neutral positive negative
neutral should neutral the neutral neutral and hpositive neutral hype .
okay neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral bacala
hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral knuckles positive negator positive neutral the neutral when neutral positive wrestle-fucks poaton neutral thi neutral .
>overall hpositive neutral neutral you confusing " neutral hpositive neutral " with " intensifier well-rounded " ? neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral , adesanya has neutral himself positive of defending grapplers , which positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive of negative hnegative to positive neutral positive hnegative than whittaker . neutral neutral neutral the neutral that pereira would negator neutral positive to neutral against neutral neutral , which positive neutral neutral neutral inclined to positive neutral positive hnegative than izzi .
thi subreddit overates whittaker . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , whittaker positive negative negative neutral , neutral negative negative neutral , and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral of famer and neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral thi positive mma , styles hpositive matchups , positive , neutral neutral my hnegative the positive that you could positive someth positive " whittaker positive neutral the neutral hpositive neutral than adesanya'' positive hpositive fans positive neutral copium . becaus neutral diminisher neutral , you neutral positive thi neutral \*so many\* fighters when they hnegative . ''oh hnegative petr neutral to merab neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive fighter'' , ''oh hnegative tj neutral to cejudo neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive fighter'' , " chimaev hnegative neutral positive burns neutral burns positive neutral the neutral hpositive fighter'' , " aljo hnegative neutral positive petr neutral we neutral neutral the sandhagen neutral that petr positive neutral the neutral hpositive fighter'' if adesanya 's neutral positive against whittaker neutral neutral to neutral him neutral positive negator , whittaker positive negator the neutral hpositive neutral , becaus neutral neutral you neutral using to neutral thi positive negator positive negator hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral ''whittaker hnegative neutral positive romero neutral , neutral romero arguably positive neutral hpositive neutral against adesanya neutral negator neutral ko'd and positive him into neutral of the neutral neutral fights of neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral romero positive neutral the hpositive neutral " . positive bro , negator , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive . ''overall hpositive fighters'' neutral negator hnegative neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral . they neutral neutral neutral cases where fighters neutral positive , neutral positive negative neutral diminisher shit . neutral neutral neutral intensifier well-rounded \*does not\* neutral neutral positive negative neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to positive whittaker positive negative neutral hpositive neutral than adesanya and the neutral of their fights positive hpositive neutral matchup positive
neutral neutral , neutral adesany 's neutral , neutral intensifier neutral cleaned neutral mw intensifier neutral hnegative to positive neutral positive negator neutral hpositive hpositive “ intensifier hnegative ” . neutral neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive positive , and we neutral neutral neutral him positive weaponize neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc negative . pereira , neutral the hnegative hpositive , positive the quickest neutral to neutral neutral neutral mw sinc neutral neutral . and neutral has positive deficiencies . intensifier your neutral applies diminisher neutral to him .
whittaker positive positive negator negative " neutral hpositive neutral " than adesanya
neutral to positive izzi guaranteed negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral fights neutral neutral neutral , negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher feelings that neutral bc pereira positive intensifier neutral intensifier intensifier
idk if neutral positive positive adesanya positive hpositive . neutral for neutral neutral neutral pereira positive the hpositive neutral neutral neutral . adesanya positive neutral neutral neutral . which positive negative for neutral fights neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral terms of neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral ? alex neutral the neutral
neutral positive negator the neutral that makes pereira neutral neutral neutral for izzi , neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive pereira 's neutral . if neutral neutral negator neutral that , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for izzi
negator neutral positive positive how neutral izzi neutral . neutral that neutral negator means shit becaus of pereira 's neutral . pereira has negative neutral that carries neutral . neutral has the neutral to neutral neutral , and the cardio and neutral to neutral hnegative rounds . if izzi wants to positive neutral points neutral neutral ain't neutral , neutral has to neutral negative .
neutral neutral izzi 's positive neutral that neutral positive neutral diminisher overstated neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rounds positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . alex neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive . that neutral neutral izzi *was* positive neutral neutral the cards neutral to your neutral , and negator neutral intensifier matters . positive to neutral if izzi has positive neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral gameplan
alex neutral for the positive
neutral neutral the cards neutral neutral neutral of the fights , and neutral should neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral
negator positive positive that , neutral your neutral neutral positive neutral negator positive negative neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral negator . if izzi survived that neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral for the neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral ?
neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and negator the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to nigeria and neutral has negator to neutral with him , neutral neutral .
that positive neutral negative stat . neutral positive neutral neutral negator for izzi , neutral knows neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and if you neutral neutral neutral , what positive neutral neutral to neutral if neutral loses ? neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral if neutral loses that neutral , neutral has neutral believed neutral himself and neutral that neutral positive positive ( neutral ) shattered neutral negative negative , neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral . that neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral wins , , would hpositive neutral negative of neutral neutral
neutral neutral izzi neutral knocked neutral neutral the earlier rounds thi neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral schlob neutral neutral , neutral the neutral refused to positive neutral , dicey dicey
hnegative negative putting pereira to neutral neutral the neutral neutral via rnc positive my positive timeline
my neutral says izzi pulling neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral diminisher fighters hpositive neutral hnegative peoples numbers neutral , intensifier neutral knows !
positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral for that neutral neutral neutral negative
of neutral neutral positive . neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral , if neutral wins . neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral gives him intensifier bargaining neutral neutral lhw . if neutral loses neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
the negative neutral for izzi positive thi has happened to him hpositive neutral . hurts and outpoints poatan neutral to hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
dunno neutral you neutral positive downvoted . negative to neutral neutral claiming periera neutral negative the neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral for izzi
neutral neutral izzi hpositive ! tf . of neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral for izzi .
what ? neutral positive positive him and kod him neutral positive positive neutral hnegative matchup for izzi lol
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for him to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral hnegative matchup , hpositive neutral neutral izzi gets neutral neutral the neutral rounds .
eh multistop pereira outlanded him neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive with takedowns . judges positive izzi neutral neutral judges positive the neutral ( intensifier neutral the neutral neutral ) .
you neutral misremembering .
you neutral misremembering . alex rested dure the and neutral positive neutral neutral of cardio neutral the and izzi neutral neutral hpositive until alex hpositive that neutral neutral .
izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral seconds of the neutral negative alex neutral negative , alex neutral neutral neutral , izzi positive the neutral neutral neutral and neutral that and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi neutral neutral . if negator for neutral alex neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would've positive neutral into the neutral - and that positive dominating intensifier neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ?
lol neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral negative becaus of the neutral seconds of rd negator that they neutral into the neutral
neutral someth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral himself
neutral positive . from neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative negative neutral .
neutral positive neutral him neutral positive hnegative and if neutral disagrees neutral positive neutral the neutral
neutral neutral definit neutral izzi neutral intensifier neutral has the positive hpositive
if pereira wins positive neutral should hpositive neutral neutral neutral lhw and neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi 's neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral
has neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral fighters neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral of them neutral neutral dq neutral nc ? figuereido neutral moreno hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral moreno positive hnegative fights neutral neutral .
neutral neutral if izzi wins , khamzat and whittaker positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral , and pereira positive neutral to if pereira wins , whittaker neutral gets neutral neutral
hnegative how neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral with poatan . neutral makes izzi neutral neutral .
neutral sorta positive pereira would neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral the neutral
nah . izzi neutral neutral neutral cuz hes neutral neutral . alex negator lol
neutral could negator neutral fuck izzi , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral alex has the neutral negative of tdd neutral neutral could positive neutral hnegative neutral for that lunging combo neutral likes and neutral negative . neutral positive neutral positive diminisher neutral if alex positive neutral hpositive
whittaker positive negative positive neutral neutral the neutral redditors neutral neutral him you positive neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral . alex beats whittaker positive
neutral positive neutral negator neutral dicking when robbie fights patoan . neutral knuckles positive negator negative to neutral neutral them knees neutral elbows neutral neutral for neutral neutral
if izzi positive rocked and neutral neutral perieira 's neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral flatlined the neutral neutral connects . neutral positive thi neutral neutral negative whittaker neutral .
whittaker says neutral positive the " neutral hnegative negative " neutral neutral neutral negative positive years neutral
thi positive what neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral : poaton beats izzi , neutral beats poaton , izzi beats neutral , etc . until neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral seems the positive positive to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral into negative neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral to neutral .
>even neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral , adesanya has neutral himself positive of defending grapplers , which positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive of negative hnegative to positive neutral positive hnegative than whittaker . hnegative , neutral whittaker 's tons neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral hpositive hips and reactions neutral the neutral , neutral gripfighting neutral the neutral , wrestles neutral to neutral feet positive . adesanya neutral neutral neutral neutral blachowicz ( neutral positive , himself , neutral neutral neutral and neutral ) and diminisher looks neutral the vettori neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral that would neutral intensifier positive if positive intensifier than neutral to hpositive neutral wrestlers neutral neutral neutral neutral , whittaker wins neutral neutral neutral matchups neutral izzi neutral - izzi would neutral neutral positive yair rodriguez neutral intensifier diminisher positive , neutral whittaker would neutral diminisher negative with neutral positive dustin poirier . neutral terms of neutral matchups , neutral , whittaker would negator hpositive neutral ricki simon'd neutral dariush'd the neutral izzi would
hpositive neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral means negator if you negator positive weaknesses . positive franci positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive intensifier hpositive that neutral could neutral hnegative dudes neutral with neutral positive positive askren
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
overrates positive neutral diminisher of neutral hpositive neutral when the neutral negative neutral positive neutral to positive adesanya .
>was negative negative neutral neutral positive neutral , what makes him negative negative neutral ?
>but thi positive mma , styles hpositive matchups , positive , positive , the negative positive of " styles hpositive fights " positive that neutral , negative hpositive fighters hnegative to negative hnegative fighters *with consistency* becaus the negative positive negator well-positioned to neutral the weaknesses of the neutral . the neutral negative of that positive positive that the hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral positive >because neutral diminisher neutral , you neutral positive thi neutral *so many* fighters when they hnegative . positive . you intensifier neutral . thi positive someth that the mma neutral positive neutral dogshit neutral , becaus they should neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral negator neutral the examples you neutral neutral neutral ( neutral of tj / cejudo and neutral chimaev / burns neutral neutral of those neutral diminisher neutral circumstances ) , neutral neutral neutral *bunch* of situations . positive , neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive emmett to neutral rodriguez , neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral rodriguez to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that positive negator neutral with neutral neutral matchups the neutral emmett neutral could . zabit annoys kattar hpositive and takes neutral negative of their neutral fights , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive against neutral neutral of neutral fighters . neutral happens neutral intensifier >it 's positive neutral ''whittaker hnegative neutral positive romero neutral , neutral romero arguably positive neutral hpositive neutral against adesanya neutral negator neutral ko'd and positive him into neutral of the neutral neutral fights of neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral romero positive neutral the hpositive neutral " . positive , neutral neutral that positive neutral negative neutral ? intensifier positive how neutral to neutral them neutral , where romero arguably neutral neutral neutral . neutral would negator neutral hpositive becaus romero 's neutral positive positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral than whittaker 's , neutral positive romero and whittaker neutral neutral positive negative >''overall hpositive fighters'' neutral negator hnegative neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral . they neutral neutral neutral cases where fighters neutral positive , neutral positive negative neutral diminisher shit . that positive negator " styles hpositive fights " , that positive hpositive neutral positive . positive , neutral positive negator neutral moicano to hnegative to kz neutral neutral neutral that positive negator *exactly* the neutral neutral happened - kz positive negator neutral neutral negative for moicano , neutral hpositive highrolled neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , moicano arguably neutral neutral of the ortega neutral positive positive neutral neutral with intensifier neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral moicano to positive that neutral rounds . whittaker/izzy positive neutral neutral where whittaker 's positive neutral neutral ( fights where neutral neutral positive neutral neutral entries and exits , counterpunching , neutral neutral the neutral ) that izzi hpositive positive negator neutral to positive , and hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral ( neutral neutral , neutral neutral against neutral guys ) that izzi *is* neutral to positive . that neutral negator hpositive izzi neutral negative hpositive neutral , although neutral could - neutral izzi 's weaker looks neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive against opponents neutral *aren't* neutral to hpositive him neutral hnegative . neutral positive hpositive intensifier well-positioned positive for whittaker , and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral of positive fighters to intensifier positive him neutral hnegative neutral
the neutral neutral whittaker positive hpositive becaus neutral should neutral neutral the neutral neutral the judges scorecards . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral their judging neutral whittaker should neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral when izzi and hnegative neutral that positive negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral you mentioned . izzi has neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with your neutral neutral neutral negator of the matchups you mentioned neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
wherea neutral would neutral adesanya positive neutral overrated neutral everyon , including himself . positive adesanya that hpositive neutral positive neutral ht and positive hpositive negative hnegative hpositive of neutral multiquestion neutral positive neutral positive the neutral . neutral neutral we neutral neutral adesanya neutral negative negative with the neutral ht and positive ( neutral positive ) neutral gets pieced neutral and neutral looses . adesanya 's neutral positive predicated upon neutral positive and ht . intensifier positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral ppl positive if the positive neutral neutral has positive neutral positive and ht multiquestion negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral from neutral neutral , neutral refused to neutral bc when neutral neutral neutral positive pieced neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral him . neutral if neutral neutral neutral to lhw where neutral neutral says neutral belongs and dominates the guys of positive negative and positive neutral positive we positive hpositive neutral intensifier positive that hpositive .
whittaker positive neutral the hpositive neutral . izzi positive hpositive hpositive neutral utilizing neutral neutral gifts ( neutral , positive ) . hnegative positive to neutral neutral hnegative than izzi to positive neutral shots . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive that if the judges neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral , hnegative would neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral tripped neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral you negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral and diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral negative that positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral / neutral neutral skillset you could neutral . the merab and yan neutral fits neutral for neutral neutral thi neutral izzi positive diminisher positive intensifier hpositive neutral areas neutral alex neutral alex 's neutral , positive to positive , neutral and neutral neutral him to neutral neutral techniques neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral if they neutral diminisher positive neutral negative than neutral neutral . yan neutral izzi could neutral neutral of their neutral neutral neutral the neutral deficits they neutral to neutral to neutral their neutral neutral when neutral neutral positive to neutral diminisher hpositive the neutral neutral neutral and neutral of how neutral neutral approaches the neutral positive hpositive negative neutral to neutral , reminds neutral of denni hallman and negative neutral where neutral positive negator positive hallman positive intensifier neutral hpositive neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral and the intangibles neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral positive positive neutral negator neutral neutral of that negative and the skills neutral neutral against hnegative fighters .
neutral . thi subreddit loves to neutral neutral neutral balls intensifier neutral . neutral positive hpositive , neutral they neutral positive neutral positive gsp with defenses
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral . adesanya positive diminisher neutral from the ground-up to neutral with whittaker 's neutral and neutral patterns - izzi 's positive and positionally hnegative neutral hnegative neutral , neutral hpositive neutral with neutral positive to hpositive closing neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive bursts , and neutral neutral neutral makes whittaker 's positive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier positive and diminisher hnegative neutral neutral exchanges *without* positive neutral neutral edges than whittaker positive , whittaker hpositive positive negator the negative neutral the neutral to neutral that neutral of him . neutral positive neutral hpositive flat-out hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with negative negative neutral neutral negator hpositive him intensifier overcommitments to positive , and the neutral seems positive neutral positive hnegative negative ( although you diminisher neutral to eyetest neutral with neutral neutral positive which neutral negator neutral neutral neutral wrestly neutral players neutral of aca ) hpositive , neutral positive how neutral neutral of whittaker/izzy should neutral neutral - and neutral negative izzi neutral to intensifier neutral , neutral the hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive . whittaker closing that positive against negative neutral hpositive matchup to neutral neutral the and neutral izzi from having negative neutral positive positive neutral *big* neutral , and the neutral positive hpositive for izzi against neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral to hnegative to him . neutral neutral diminisher hnegative , with intensifier neutral negative , neutral challenges adesanya neutral intensifier than neutral neutral whittaker imo
neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive adesanya positive the intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral neutral of positive . pereira positive neutral hpositive neutral becaus of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of mma fans negator positive neutral neutral neutral of pereira 's kickboxing years becaus neutral intensifier of them positive negative how neutral of neutral kickboxer pereira positive . him hnegative to adesanya neutral the cards neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive pereira 's trademark . neutral the neutral of neutral fights , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . which positive negative , neutral positive neutral neutral . pereira positive neutral neutral neutral leans neutral neutral neutral to neutral him . neutral hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral to neutral the neutral neutral walks neutral , neutral neutral . neutral positive okay to positive neutral wins neutral intensifier of neutral fights becaus of neutral neutral becaus neutral positive hpositive , lol .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive negative . hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral wins . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets merked neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral shit negative and negative . thi positive neutral positive positive neutral for neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral to of their fights izzi neutral positive pereira neutral hnegative and neutral neutral negative , neutral kickboxing neutral positive " hpositive " neutral having neutral neutral , neutral the ufc neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive izzi positive hpositive neutral him and neutral to positive neutral points , neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative poatan , neutral negative neutral him positive neutral positive neutral hnegative and izzi neutral to positive and neutral for neutral neutral if neutral wants to positive .
if izzi neutral neutral thi hnegative neutral the neutral of the negative negative positive fuck that positive hnegative to the neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi positive the hpositive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative of rounds
if neutral survived that neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral seconds neutral neutral neutral neutral .
nz neutral positive neutral
neutral negator neutral of those neutral hpositive neutral ? although neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral to hnegative tbf .
neutral negative the neutral hpositive the hpositive neutral positive negative how thi has played neutral neutral , izzi neutral looks neutral neutral neutral neutral pereira decides to hpositive neutral positive him and that neutral . negator neutral anyth positive neutral
poatan neutral neutral izzi 's shots , izzi negator neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive negative of neutral for izzi to positive .
neutral says neutral loses . neutral the neutral neutral usman .
neutral poatan neutral the diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral bouts and neutral managed to positive
they neutral positive the judges positive izzi neutral , neutral for diminisher neutral neutral their neutral hnegative carries neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral lmao . thi subreddit positive negative . if neutral positive neutral neutral rounds , izzi neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . negator negative what redditors neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive negative to positive neutral positive negator neutral matched when they neutral against their negative . positive neutral hpositive neutral + to positive finishes . neutral positive neutral positive happened neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative matchup for izzi neutral you neutral izzi positive the hpositive neutral neutral negator . peirera keeps pulling the neutral neutral of the negative and negator neutral neutral neutral mma neutral . neutral ain't neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative shots and positive for the neutral and neutral the neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive izzi neutral the neutral positive scared and recovered negative for neutral to from neutral rocked and negator intensifier looked hnegative neutral . neutral neutral gassed neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral of the neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher neutral and neutral to neutral that killshot and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral
izzi neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral rocked perreira neutral the neutral seconds . neutral neutral neutral positive for izzi and for alex neutral into and neutral the judges neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral . neutral : izzi neutral intensifier positive strikes neutral and they positive neutral neutral intensifier idk what you neutral neutral neutral
intensifier we neutral , izzi neutral negative the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
negative matters , neutral makes negator positive to neutral neutral for pereira , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral ( pereira neutral neutral neutral imo ) neutral positive izzi positive neutral intensifier positive neutral negative where neutral rocked pereira hnegative . rounds and neutral intensifier hpositive izzi rounds and you neutral to neutral neutral biased to neutral neutral negative .
neutral what neutral ? neutral you negator positive that alex neutral gassed and neutral ? neutral you neutral that izzi neutral negative neutral the cards and could neutral neutral neutral and played neutral hpositive and neutral ? someth neutral ? what neutral your positive of how neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral . periera : " neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive the scariest of them neutral ? " neutral : smashes into neutral neutral pieces .
neutral neutral negator hpositive rooms where neutral positive neutral .
hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral , 'cause we neutral neutral neutral how that neutral for izzi .

alex " neutral neutral neutral " pereira
hey negative , you neutral neutral ?
bro positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral to neutral you hnegative . neutral positive negator neutral
those hpositive neutral doors neutral neutral hnegative to bullets , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral to neutral hands
" that 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . "
could neutral neutral him tbf , heard neutral positive shit neutral neutral and neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral when neutral neutral
neutral you trane ufc ?
neutral neutral , thi neutral neutral negator negative neutral . neutral hpositive sees negative and bodies neutral neutral . you hpositive neutral positive neutral when neutral pops the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral negative positive neutral for mma
lol ufc neutral 's heads would neutral if pereira neutral the mw neutral positive neutral destroying the positive of their neutral neutral . hnegative them neutral to neutral neutral ppv of izzi neutral hnegative neutral for the neutral lol .
neutral neutral izzi would neutral
omg lol
moreno vs figueiredo neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral : you neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral kkf .
> if pereira wins , whittaker neutral gets neutral neutral neutral negative thi , neutral the face-off with hnegative positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative . the intensifier neutral positive neutral izzi rematches the hpositive for alex , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral has to neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral negative the negative & positive for the neutral .
khamzat hasn't neutral neutral neutral contenders neutral mw neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral that would neutral hnegative neutral neutral khamzat has negator neutral wins neutral mw intensifier neutral .
would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if izzi survived that neutral
neutral neutral using neutral neutral , negator the intensifier neutral
neutral . hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral , neutral into neutral positive neutral neutral neutral against perreira .
the hnegative positive alex neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral tdd if neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral which neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral , that positive neutral of neutral hnegative positive negative neutral shots neutral izzi and with the alex the negative / positive hpositive positive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive that hnegative gets neutral neutral neutral becaus if neutral ends neutral neutral alex , neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral positive neutral to benchpress neutral negative . izzi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral alex positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral whitaker and neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier , neutral positive gonna neutral intensifier hnegative for hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and if neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral someth neutral becaus neutral hnegative neutral to neutral alex feelings positive neutral into neutral neutral neutral and if neutral sprawls neutral you you hnegative neutral neutral neutral smashed from neutral neutral neutral glover has neutral hpositive him neutral gnp to neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral - negator neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral than hnegative - neutral positive to negative neutral positive pereira with takedowns and clinching . someth tells neutral hnegative could negative .
neutral neutral hnegative positive hnegative neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive positive
what the negative neutral you negative ? izzi has neutral neutral and neutral that neutral tdd positive neutral against dereck , marvin , hnegative . neutral , the neutral neutral neutral alex positive neutral tdd positive against izzi neutral neutral him neutral positive negative neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive intensifier clueless neutral how to neutral from the neutral neutral which positive hnegative to positive the neutral .
lol . izzi neutral positive pereira multistop
neutral neutral
neutral would negator positive positive , neutral neutral neutral positive alex hnegative neutral redditors neutral that neutral . hnegative struggles to neutral the neutral of neutral fighters . neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral from neutral and canonnier fights that neutral neutral negator negative neutral negative hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral positive alex 's hpositive of neutral him neutral mins . intensifier sinc whittaker positive the neutral neutral and neutral to neutral the positive to positive the neutral ( someth neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the izzi neutral ) .
facts , neutral positive neutral neutral plays neutral games and positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral him .
neutral neutral knocked positive cannonier , positive neutral neutral , and diminisher neutral him . neutral neutral to neutral with yoel romero and positive neutral neutral when izzi would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative negator negative guys neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral kickboxer negator negative one-shot neutral , neutral neutral positive hurts neutral and hpositive chases neutral opponents to neutral negative neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral positive adesanya positive neutral negator .
whittaker knocked positive negative and fucked neutral romero and vettori neutral neutral neutral that izzi could negator .
neutral fucks neutral neutral , negative , neutral negator
idk neutral neutral hnegative neutral izzi positive intensifier the neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative vs him
neutral unironically neutral marvin vettori positive the positive neutral neutral neutral the mw neutral against perreira . neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral and neutral neutral .
bruh neutral neutral outweighed izzi neutral lbs neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against killers , neutral neutral fights against romero and neutral hpositive neutral dure neutral neutral . you positive negator neutral whittaker dodging matchups neutral neutral excuses . those things neutral my hnegative neutral neutral to neutral him neutral the neutral neutral of ufc champions . neutral neutral , if you neutral positive neutral goats and neutral neutral positive negator neutral , negative of neutral adesanya positive neutral to that than neutral positive .
neutral , neutral diminisher neutral , the hpositive neutral positive the neutral neutral wins . you negator neutral hnegative results hpositive becaus of what-ifs . if adesanya neutral hpositive neutral whittaker neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral whittaker fights neutral . if anyth , neutral poatan neutral hnegative neutral the hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral , whittaker has everyth neutral should neutral neutral to neutral adesanya and neutral neutral hnegative matchup . neutral positive neutral of the positive wrestlers neutral the neutral , with neutral stand-up and hpositive neutral iq . neutral neutral neutral of that neutral the neutral neutral , which neutral neutral neutral . and negator neutral , romero positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral than whittaker positive negator neutral negative neutral neutral . the hpositive neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral having neutral similar/worst neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral you neutral intensifier hpositive neutral your neutral neutral the neutral and negative to neutral becaus you \*want\* neutral neutral to neutral the hpositive neutral .
neutral 's neutral facts , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral to positive positive the nuances of the neutral , lol . neutral neutral neutral to positive how hnegative neutral neutral positive the neutral positive that izzi positive positive neutral of the positive counterpunchers neutral , when counterpunching positive negator neutral the positive neutral of neutral neutral . whittaker positive neutral hpositive when neutral neutral to the fundamentals of counterpunching . neutral hpositive negator neutral izzi with neutral becaus izzi positive intensifier neutral 's hnegative negative . neutral positive neutral , hpositive , neutral , punches hnegative , has neutral hpositive neutral , and positive intensifier neutral / hnegative to neutral positive . izzi positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral to neutral how hpositive neutral positive .
neutral , thi positive the neutral copium neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral , whittaker neutral the neutral .
if anyth , thi neutral ''size disparity'' neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral , adesanya has neutral positive , whittaker positive neutral thicker , petr positive negative than merab and aljo and sandhagen , romero positive positive than whittaker , neutral neutral neutral than neutral of neutral opponents , etc . neutral attributes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative to neutral hpositive performances . neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral neutral neutral fights neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , becaus neutral neutral neutral where those neutral attributes neutral , my neutral would neutral neutral bycicle and neutral fighters could neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , your neutral of neutral vs adesanya positive straight-up neutral intensifier of hpositive using neutral neutral attributes to negative him positive neutral dumber . positive neutral , hpositive the lanky-long neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive negator neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral than of neutral competitors neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral heard the neutral bullshit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive you neutral neutral if struve should neutral positive the positive neutral to neutral neutral the ufc .
the neutral neutral we neutral neutral him neutral pieced neutral neutral positive neutral and alex . you neutral neutral neutral negative of to neutral . negator neutral to sinc neutral positive negative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral where neutral diminisher positive manhandled / wrestled . intensifier you neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral . and that positive neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral kickboxer and has positive him neutral the neutral . izzi has positive negative of kickboxing fights where neutral opponents neutral of positive positive / neutral . negative what ? neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral
\>i would neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive that if the judges neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral , hnegative would neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral that shit becaus neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral
> neutral neutral diminisher hnegative , with intensifier neutral negative , neutral challenges adesanya neutral intensifier than neutral neutral whittaker neutral my hnegative you neutral negator positive neutral thi neutral justified thi neutral neutral . adesanya neutral neutral neutral hnegative matchup for whittaker . that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative hnegative neutral neutral 'with intensifier neutral variety' neutral positive positive him intensifier than whittaker . sinc adesanya neutral has the benefits you neutral attributed to him ( positive , neutral , neutral , etc ) and those would neutral neutral him neutral those hnegative neutral neutral
neutral negator hpositive neutral that alex neutral positive what gives him the neutral neutral izzi neutral that positive neutral becaus they neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive , neutral how neutral you positive the neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral against izzi neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral kickboxer ? neutral how neutral the neutral that neutral positive hpositive negative hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral intensifier outstriked izzi neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . the hpositive positive alex would've positive neutral world-class kickboxer neutral negator the neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive that with the aforementioned neutral neutral neutral negative negative intensifier .
if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral seems intensifier neutral and happens to neutral neutral . for neutral gervonta davis positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral to neutral neutral pereira 's fights . neutral the ufc neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . compared to neutral and kickboxing leagues the ufc positive negator the neutral neutral neutral . adesanya positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral means neutral . thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral fuck izzi . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral payout neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral negative , neutral positive your hnegative neutral neutral neutral him . we neutral positive our neutral insecurities intensifier negative positive neutral .
if that neutral neutral neutral negative seconds neutral neutral izzi could've neutral neutral .
idk how you neutral neutral neutral that neutral to the neutral neutral ( neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the “ hpositive neutral ” .
“ neutral adesanya ” neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral mma
nate diaz : " intensifier , neutral from positive zealand neutral ! ? " neutral , when kamaru usman , ngannaou and adessanya himself positive neutral than neutral positive from nigeria , neutral that the neutral positive neutral from negative neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral hnegative . makes negator diference to neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral that we neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral izzi neutral negative neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral heads hpositive and neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral heads .
neutral . izzi should neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral alex defended the neutral and positive neutral alex whether alex neutral that neutral neutral negator
neutral neutral neutral rounds neutral negator neutral izzi neutral dominating . neutral neutral of those rounds neutral intensifier neutral , if you negative to negative the positive neutral negator neutral we neutral neutral negative that izzi chinning pereira neutral the neutral seconds of the neutral neutral neutral negator , and positive neutral positive neutral to the
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral with the judges neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral negative . neutral neutral that neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral how neutral would neutral the neutral shots neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than the neutral of strikes from izzi . neutral negative neutral for the judges to negative neutral , that positive intensifier than anyon that hnegative adesanya neutral positive .
neutral positive thi neutral neutral . granted , you could neutral the hnegative neutral neutral hnegative that poatan neutral neutral with neutral rd neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . positive neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral until neutral hnegative neutral , neutral to neutral him neutral someth . neutral diminisher looked positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative the neutral and neutral neutral neutral hooks until neutral neutral they would neutral the neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral negative of those hooks neutral rd if neutral neutral positive . hnegative of whether neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator , that neutral intensifier hnegative neutral to neutral neutral positive izzi lol . if neutral wants neutral neutral , hpositive that positive negator neutral gameplan thi neutral .
> izzi neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral rocked perreira neutral the neutral seconds . *till neutral rocked him neutral the neutral . neutral positive pereira negative neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral into the
if judges neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your positive neutral multistop
alex positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to that neutral neutral the neutral toward him .
the neutral you neutral responding to neutral that neutral positive him negative rounds neutral and neutral . that means neutral into the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral exchanges which neutral neutral neutral of alex neutral neutral . neutral neutral they neutral hnegative neutral neutral seems intensifier that positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of positive into “ neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ” . neutral positive negator positive izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral capitalized neutral neutral negative hnegative and positive neutral neutral that
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for him . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier strikes , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator diminisher one-sided neutral for neutral rounds where neutral neutral neutral of negator to positive , positive neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral matters .
your neutral impresson of the negator hnegative neutral the reasons for neutral neutral . alex neutral neutral interviews neutral positive neutral positive the breaks neutral the to neutral neutral hnegative and neutral for neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral fresher neutral the and pressured neutral intensifier , izzi couldnt neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral pereiras neutral the mirrors from the hnegative neutral becaus they neutral scared of him .
when capcom neutral they neutral to hpositive chri redfield neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral how neutral poatan 's hooks could neutral .
pereira positive negative scp neutral .
neutral heard neutral neutral if you neutral for neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral couldnt neutral neutral . neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
you neutral hpositive neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the positive of that neutral becaus neutral skipped everyon neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral izzi positive to their neutral . neutral would positive hpositive neutral positive for him to positive neutral and negative and neutral neutral to lhw where neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral with wrestlers .
nah , they neutral positive neutral neutral khamzat neutral the positive mw neutral , neutral would negator neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral if neutral positive someth positive khamzat vs hnegative for the neutral and hnegative wins positive neutral , ufc positive intensifier neutral fucked
they would negator they would neutral neutral khamzat vs hnegative neutral izzi heals neutral .
they should negator neutral neutral him to the neutral positive lol
> if pereira neutral the mw neutral positive neutral destroying the positive of their neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral mw neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral fights neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral the neutral of mw
positive intensifier
neutral positive edited my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral that . figueiredo neutral moreno hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral moreno positive hnegative fights .
neutral neutral thi hnegative , neutral would've neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral , whittaker neutral to neutral your negative , neutral the neutral , burns and neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral when the ufc wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . colby hasn't neutral shit and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . and neutral positive negator neutral neutral of hnegative neutral fights to hpositive neutral neutral
neutral positive inbetween to divisions neutral the neutral and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative would positive neutral him the neutral neutral , and neutral would neutral hpositive . would've neutral positive the ww neutral neutral if usman neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
becaus ufc negator neutral meritocracy .
hnegative neutral neutral you
the neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral intensifier negative that neutral neutral gonna negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive izzi 's neutral that negative hnegative problems , neutral positive neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral with strikes neutral from negative neutral . poatan positive negator neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral than folks neutral neutral and neutral hnegative 's positive . hnegative has the neutral and explos . neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral and hnegative poatan . neutral positive neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral .
alex has hpositive neutral of neutral against izzi , int negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral cuts hnegative izzi 's escapes , neutral whittaker fights negative intensifier hpositive neutral than izzi . neutral likes to neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive himself neutral hnegative the neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral izzi . izzi 's hnegative with alex positive that neutral neutral hpositive neutral walked positive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral alex negative intensifier hnegative neutral for hpositive the neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral neutral tires neutral and gets neutral , and alex neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until the neutral . if whittaker neutral neutral alex and neutral the neutral from neutral to him neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive to neutral the neutral hpositive . perieria neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral , neutral throws intensifier of neutral hooks for neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for whittaker neutral izzi neutral for whittaker
hnegative positive negator khamzat neutral negator hpositive positive neutral whenev , if neutral gets hnegative and enters hnegative alex positive hnegative him . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral .
negator neutral takedowns neutral the legs haha
neutral you positive someth hnegative ? neutral negator neutral neutral tdd neutral neutral the neutral negative .
hnegative hpositive positive ko'd neutral neutral hands adesanya . alex touches hnegative and neutral neutral neutral . subreddit intensifier over-rates whittaker , neutral negative and neutral until you hnegative neutral neutral neutral from alex lol
whitaker would neutral the positive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral , you neutral to neutral that neutral neutral diminisher protected from grapplers neutral the neutral neutral and neutral benefitted from izzi negative the neutral . neutral whitaker positive negator neutral neutral neutral alex looked hnegative neutral neutral the neutral against izzi neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral for the neutral , the guys neutral positive struggled with neutral that neutral neutral neutral the backfoot where alex positive neutral to him , and with that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive . poatan neutral intensifier neutral the neutral positive , that positive what neutral neutral , neutral to positive him positive negator neutral hpositive you neutral neutral my hnegative .
neutral humbled vettori and neutral negator positive that would neutral coz vettori negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi fights
yah , that neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator wrestlefuck whittaker negative lmao
hnegative , neutral positive hpositive neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral neutral , and adesanya neutral negator neutral neutral " neutral to neutral tons of hnegative neutral neutral negative and neutral bigged " neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive seemed to neutral neutral of ideas . vettori to neutral intensifier neutral neutral terms of neutral neutral tdd neutral the neutral and how neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative neutral neutral ( although vettori negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral cagewrestler neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral could've )
neutral negative thi neutral from izzi fans . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral 's neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral
>you negator neutral hnegative results hpositive becaus of what-ifs . au contraire , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral low-margin , positive hpositive neutral positive negative . neutral results neutral neutral neutral of neutral matchup , negator neutral neutral neutral - neutral positive hpositive that mma neutral negator intensifier neutral for someth positive the neutral elo neutral , becaus the negative of trials positive positive neutral neutral the hpositive of neutral positive and neutral neutral . determining neutral positive hpositive positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral wins , neutral positive intensifier neutral the positive of positive experiments hpositive becaus neutral positive intensifier neutral diminisher neutral than we neutral positive , magnu carlsen has neutral neutral games neutral and neutral , intensifier than neutral - neutral intensifier mouseslipped into neutral negative to hikaru nakamura *today* . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral to abdusattorov . neutral positive neutral their neutral negative neutral , neutral positive negative hnegative hnegative positive neutral against ian nepo . neutral positive hpositive that negator neutral positive hikaru neutral nepo hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral shitton of neutral neutral negative - neutral neutral mma , you neutral negator neutral those trials , you hpositive neutral neutral those hnegative results neutral margins neutral styles negator the neutral against the neutral ( neutral the neutral of neutral neutral matchups ) neutral that neutral neutral ( neutral the neutral of flukes ) to neutral positive >he would negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral whittaker fights neutral . neutral if positive negator hnegative hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral positive positive fighters , where neutral positive neutral negative for the hnegative - neutral neutral positive lw has neutral positive mj>poirier>gaethje>mj neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral positive mj and poirier , our conclusions would neutral hpositive for hpositive reasons neutral neutral where everyon could neutral everyon , with neutral trials to neutral neutral , hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral " whoever wins the neutral positive the positive " . neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of factors that neutral diminisher hpositive fighters to positive neutral hpositive ones >whittaker has everyth neutral should neutral neutral to neutral adesanya and neutral neutral hnegative matchup . negator intensifier . whittaker 's neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive , neutral neutral and neutral takedowns neutral and having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive skillsets . the neutral of neutral where whittaker 's positive positive neutral neutral of neutral that adesanya negator allows - negator becaus neutral positive intensifier hpositive that neutral hpositive takes neutral neutral , neutral becaus neutral positive negative and neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that makes those advantages negative neutral intensifier intensifier . and neutral positive that , whittaker neutral izzi to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral - which positive neutral negative positive to him . neutral to neutral neutral things intensifier granularli than hpositive " neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral has the neutral to neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral if neutral positive positive neutral hpositive " neutral positive neutral positive negative to how neutral fighters neutral neutral neutral their styles , hpositive . hpositive izzi neutral matchup neutral neutral for him neutral adesanya positive for whittaker - neutral positive neutral neutral anjos - and neutral neutral negator neutral izzi neutral neutral hpositive than whittaker neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative than whittaker neutral neutral the neutral . and neutral hpositive divisions , neutral neutral wrestlers neutral *more* neutral than neutral anti-blitz kickers . neutral positive hpositive the hnegative of whittaker that neutral neutral has that neutral , and the neutral of adesanya that neutral neutral negator
neutral , counterpunching positive neutral the neutral neutral becaus of how neutral the matchup skews how neutral neutral matters positive whittaker 's neutral hpositive counterpuncher than izzi , neutral when positive whittaker *ever* gonna neutral to neutral izzi ? izzi negator has to neutral whittaker 's neutral sinc neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral and specializes neutral longer-range tools . neutral the hnegative hpositive , whittaker positive positive to neutral face-first into counters against adesanya to neutral neutral neutral , becaus neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator negative neutral positive neutral neutral . intensifier the neutral neutral looks positive adesanya positive neutral hpositive counterpuncher and whittaker diminisher knows how to neutral anyth , when neutral gets neutral positive and the hnegative neutral hnegative from hpositive the neutral neutral they neutral neutral , hpositive and hnegative neutral neutral and neutral happens neutral that matchup , neutral positive the neutral of " styles hpositive fights " . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral fights neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral becaus neutral neutral has to neutral neutral hpositive
how positive whittaker hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral 's neutral neutral and crickets
thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral whittaker neutral neutral neutral the neutral : neutral neutral ignoring that you negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral what you neutral neutral neutral negator of those negative disparities neutral neutral neutral neutral when izzi fights hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral disagreeing with you . neutral neutral hpositive neutral that the positive hpositive positive neutral of izzi 's positive traits and that positive negator someth you neutral neutral . izzi struggles against fighters when neutral loses that hpositive .
hnegative ( neutral neutral ) positive neutral hpositive neutral gsp neutral neutral neutral . if negator hpositive . neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral with adesanya . you positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral usman into the neutral and adesanya looks hnegative neutral whittaker looks hpositive . that positive what neutral means .
neutral neutral , neutral would neutral with you , neutral neutral neutral neutral , pereira neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral kickboxing fights neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral you , neutral neutral negator . hpositive neutral them . neutral intensifier positive the lhw neutral neutral negative , lol . and neutral would negator positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . if you positive neutral the fights , izzi neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive feints hnegative of neutral kicks neutral neutral realized neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral pereira . and negator neutral that , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of kickboxing . neutral hpositive neutral checking kicks neutral negator positive hpositive you neutral hpositive neutral , lol . and neutral neutral neutral the outsriking neutral , neutral would negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus hnegative " outstriking " izzi , pereira neutral the neutral that positive rocked neutral becaus izzi positive neutral neutral that ( neutral neutral neutral hnegative fights ) has neutral into neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral . how neutral you neutral positive outstripping izzi positive anyth positive when the neutral neutral mma fans neutral positive complaining neutral positive izzi neutral negative positive . of neutral pereira neutral and neutral intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral , lol . the neutral positive , izzi has intensifier weapons that neutral positive intensifier hpositive with , and neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral intensifier ranges than alex positive . which positive intensifier the neutral of neutral intensifier hpositive .
hnegative to hpositive negative neutral comp neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral pereira to neutral neutral neutral . neutral intimid with the neutral of neutral ( although intensifier neutral with neutral strikes ) , appears hnegative neutral hpositive with negative positive neutral that positive neutral intensifier neutral than neutral seems , positive neutral iq , neutral hpositive to neutral . neutral neutral positive positive what brings him to the neutral neutral neutral knows the ins and outs of the neutral neutral neutral . kickboxing neutral neutral neutral
neutral for hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral pereira positive negative negative ( neutral 's neutral neutral positive neutral neutral if neutral should negator neutral positive the lhw neutral sinc neutral robbed vahkitov , neutral that positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral ) . neutral neutral positive neutral that mma fans neutral negator neutral to positive izzi positive intensifier hpositive when , neutral neutral definitions , neutral positive . neutral has intensifier weapons than pereira , positive intensifier hpositive / hpositive with them , has intensifier neutral , and positive hnegative neutral intensifier ranges . neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier hpositive . the hnegative positive that neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral takes intensifier than positive to positive fights ( duh ) . neutral positive neutral leveraging what you neutral intensifier positive than your negative . neutral neutral of that , the neutral of neutral pereira has gives you neutral neutral neutral neutral that you neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral you neutral neutral if you neutral hnegative neutral the cards . pereira intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral , izzi 's gameplan neutral the neutral mma neutral neutral diminisher multistop hpositive from neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral counterpunching when that positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .

neutral positive intensifier hnegative brah
neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral if neutral neutral seconds neutral pereira would've neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral stats neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive positive if they neutral simulated rounds , how neutral would neutral positive , and how neutral hnegative guys would izzi neutral neutral the neutral ( hnegative than alex ) vs how neutral guys would alex neutral
if neutral neutral negator dropped and neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral
neutral positive neutral - neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral nigeria , and positive neutral neutral years neutral nz . neutral speaks with neutral ( neutral negative ) neutral neutral - where would you positive neutral positive from ? neutral thi strikes neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral lol , neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral someth and negator neutral “ hpositive ” neutral
you neutral neutral neutral dawg
the neutral neutral fighters neutral the ufc neutral neutral neutral and dricus neutral negator positive plessis
negator , negator neutral of these fighters , histories of fights neutral thi neutral of negative .
the positive neutral positive that your neutral takes neutral intensifier neutral neutral that . izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral to neutral positive neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral , if alex loses the neutral and izzi negator faces him neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral that hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative your negative and you hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral if you neutral for neutral negative intensifier years .
neutral shit , negator neutral positive pretending the positive negator neutral .
what positive your neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral perreira neutral when they neutral the neutral neutral of strikes neutral izzi hnegative alex . perreira neutral neutral neutral izzi outlanded and neutral grappled alex neutral and they neutral positive neutral ; alex neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral izzi positive intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral izzi neutral negator neutral neutral into the the judges neutral that positive negator neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral " judges positive izzi neutral " and sinc the judges neutral positive neutral that matters , izzi neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral
your positive neutral neutral neutral positive izzi neutral negator positive negative the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral the cards becaus judges ( and neutral neutral ) positive the neutral . the hpositive positive , if the neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive positive for izzi negator neutral neutral , neutral if pereira neutral that neutral neutral .
negator positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive , neutral
neutral chri neutral neutral poatan to neutral if neutral neutral hpositive neutral the redfield neutral multistop
ankalaev neutral neutral hands
ppv points makes thi hpositive neutral positive intensifier
and positive if hnegative wins , they positive neutral neutral the neutral negative
neutral neutral they positive hpositive neutral izzi and wanted to neutral negative negative neutral neutral for him neutral neutral delivered neutral diminisher stinkers .
neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral edited my neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral with your neutral , neutral your neutral could neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral hpositive would neutral anybodi , neutral negator wanted to neutral him if they could neutral neutral . that positive neutral the neutral of him neutral neutral positive neutral , becaus neutral they positive neutral to neutral him . neutral neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral positive volk neutral lw neutral to neutral neutral neutral . negator hnegative neutral when the ufc wants to neutral someth they positive
neutral points
intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral whittaker
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with these neutral
neutral neutral where alex loses neutral positive to isreal neutral would hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral threats neutral the neutral . neutral has neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and knows when neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral to neutral you to neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to hpositive you neutral you neutral safer than you neutral and neutral positive positive that positive hpositive gonna neutral neutral against hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral alex positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive him neutral to neutral , neutral positive positive to yoel where neutral hpositive diminisher stands neutral neutral of you lulling you neutral neutral when the strikes neutral they neutral neutral and when neutral positive chooses to neutral neutral feet and posts neutral positive hnegative to neutral him . neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral hoodi from him , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral chances against alex neutral positive hpositive negative positive , hpositive and neutral for hnegative neutral my hnegative .
neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral hnegative neutral positive of blitzing neutral neutral neutral positive neutral kickboxing neutral with neutral positive to izzi and neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral for hnegative , neutral and securing takedowns positive the positive neutral to positive for him .
izzi likes to neutral neutral neutral neutral , alex positive the neutral neutral neutral against the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral you should neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher of neutral kickboxing fights neutral alex neutral diminisher of neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral against neutral . alex positive neutral intensifier positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral until hnegative blitzes and neutral him with neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive walks him to the neutral and beats him neutral positive neutral neutral izzi neutral neutral others neutral kickboxing , neutral hpositive hnegative and neutral neutral negative neutral and for that neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral him neutral neutral cte neutral neutral against alex .
pereira has hnegative neutral . neutral him positive positive negative hpositive neutral . hpositive you negator neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral toni neutral hnegative for hpositive couture .
neutral neutral neutral
>pillow hands adesanya intensifier negative neutral neutral positive thi positive debunked neutral neutral neutral neutral , whittaker , butchered gastelum and diminisher knocked pereira the fuck neutral neutral neutral fights
izzi neutral negator neutral neutral hands neutral
neutral hands adesanya ?
we positive hpositive neutral to neutral and neutral boiiii
negator to neutral neutral whittaker fanboy , neutral that would positive positive neutral neutral diminisher . neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral of takedowns from neutral yoel romero with neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive if neutral would neutral positive to neutral him positive positive neutral neutral izzi .
neutral would negator . neutral positive negator diminisher negative hpositive neutral positive romero
intensifier of ifs for negative neutral neutral with defenses
how positive neutral neutral neutral when the hpositive positive that neutral neutral positive to neutral him positive and neutral neutral ? negative helps neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral
- neutral positive hpositive that mma neutral negator intensifier neutral for someth positive the neutral elo neutral , becaus the negative of trials positive positive neutral neutral the hpositive of neutral positive and neutral neutral . if you neutral that the neutral that would neutral hpositive neutral negative elo neutral neutral neutral neutral where negative positive negative neutral and healed neutral the neutral of the neutral positive the hpositive neutral , positive that positive *your* positive neutral neutral / video-game influenced neutral .
neutral neutral of posts , neutral neutral intensifier positive thi neutral negative . mma fans' neutral neutral " if you neutral , you positive the hpositive neutral " hpositive seems positive neutral neutral of neutral with the positive of neutral neutral negative and their hnegative . caruana , neutral to neutral neutral positive the neutral of the carlsen neutral , would neutral the neutral , positive , if the neutral games of the sinquefield neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive they would neutral for neutral neutral . neutral morphy would neutral neutral the neutral if neutral followers positive positive mma fans becaus negator neutral would positive for positive of neutral neutral neutral and morphy 's wins neutral positive neutral armbars . neutral mma , the neutral negative of results positive intensifier neutral , neutral what positive intensifier neutral and has neutral intensifier hpositive ( neutral neutral , neutral negator hnegative ) neutral negative positive positive neutral the fights and neutral inferences from neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral of hpositive " lol neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive . " neutral positive and neutral seems positive negative neutral positive neutral " don't you neutral you neutral neutral , 'ignoring results and neutral , whittaker positive better' " positive neutral positive diminisher gotcha , neutral hpositive negator positive that they neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral what positive neutral neutral neutral the fights .
you neutral positive that you neutral , neutral the neutral neutral , neutral you negator neutral head-to-head matchups into neutral , neutral discrediting the opponents they neutral neutral , neutral ? neutral neutral , the neutral neutral you neutral claiming the neutral has neutral neutral positive fighters neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral with neutral neutral against neutral of them neutral hpositive neutral should neutral neutral to neutral how neutral you neutral neutral . you neutral hpositive claiming negator intensifier matters , neutral your neutral neutral neutral whittaker 's positive , which positive negative intensifier positive neutral lmao neutral neutral anjos gets knocked neutral neutral adesanya , and neutral positive thi neutral negative rda neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral negator positive the tools to neutral with neutral neutral positive adesanya . \>not becaus neutral positive intensifier hpositive that neutral hpositive takes neutral neutral , neutral becaus neutral positive negative and neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that makes those advantages negative neutral intensifier intensifier neutral intensifier takes neutral neutral , neutral negator becaus neutral positive hpositive , hpositive you neutral neutral hpositive takes neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral bro .
whittaker should neutral neutral and whittaker hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive things neutral . neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral you neutral negator neutral ko'd and positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than your negative .
neutral neutral negator neutral with what you neutral neutral , my neutral positive that neutral neutral negator negative adesanya negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to the neutral of neutral positive the hpositive ''overall fighter'' . neutral positive negator denying that whittaker positive the intensifier well-rounded neutral . hnegative , styles hpositive matchups , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive than neutral negative all-rounder . neutral neutral negator neutral the all-rounder positive the hpositive neutral , intensifier when neutral loses to the neutral .
whittaker fans neutral intensifier neutral .
thi positive the neutral positive hnegative neutral lmao . neutral 's neutral brock lesnar neutral neutral negative . positive wtf
neutral neutral what you neutral neutral
> neutral neutral positive neutral that mma fans neutral negator neutral to positive izzi positive intensifier hpositive when , neutral neutral definitions , neutral positive . neutral positive neutral hpositive definitions of what hpositive means . intensifier of neutral neutral hpositive neutral ''better'' . if you neutral the neutral to intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral would neutral with you .
to you .
neutral neutral hpositive , and that positive what makes neutral negative negative negative matchup . neutral could negative the hnegative and negator would neutral surprised . neutral could neutral the neutral and negator would neutral surprised . neutral positive negative negative toss-up and the stakes neutral hnegative .
you neutral if neutral survived neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? lmao neutral would neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive and positive
to neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator negative where neutral positive from neutral what neutral positive claiming . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral claiming nigeria hnegative when usman and franci where neutral champions . what neutral makes him positive hpositive positive neutral for neutral .
hnegative , neutral neutral negator problems neutral that .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral where fighters neutral from . neutral positive neutral that fighters from neutral neutral the neutral neutral competing negative neutral neutral could negator neutral called neutral world-champion .
positive neutral alex neutral hpositive positive neutral izzi 's positive neutral and with everyth you neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral izzi has the neutral neutral you neutral
my hnegative , neutral neutral negator negative to neutral hnegative neutral hpositive , neutral neutral hpositive neutral that positive to how neutral these rounds positive , neutral " what if neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral " positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral " what if izzi positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral seconds " . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral moments that neutral that neutral to neutral neutral the neutral of izzi , until neutral neutral negator , intensifier my neutral positive that positive neutral the scorecards neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral of their neutral neutral .
negator , your neutral positive positive neutral . neutral positive neutral you neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and the judges' neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral izzi neutral neutral neutral acknowledges the judges positive intensifier
my positive neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral for neutral women to positive that redfield neutral
neutral goofed hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral positive that neutral positive fuuuuuked
neutral neutral hands neutral into bellator neutral that neutral neutral lmao
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral the fuck neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? intensifier neutral neutral and if anyth neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral how fights neutral negator neutral neutral neutral " neutral " neutral neutral they positive . intensifier that negative neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral wants , neutral positive ufc positive neutral poatan neutral to neutral via negative hpositive neutral neutral if neutral jumps neutral neutral , they neutral negator negative .
ankalaev negator intensifier neutral neutral positive the neutral of dagestanis
neutral hnegative neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that hnegative neutral negator neutral manhandled neutral khamzat . neutral wrestled with yoel romero when romero neutral hnegative . and neutral the feet khamzat gets neutral .
neutral that positive positive what they neutral
intensifier neutral , that positive neutral khamzat would hpositive the neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive to neutral him .
negative neutral , thi positive positive neutral ufc and wwe neutral neutral neutral !
alex neutral intensifier hnegative hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral alex positive neutral , neutral has hnegative neutral with neutral punches , and that neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral if you hpositive what neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative hits hnegative than alex positive neutral . neutral neutral negator dismissing izzi 's positive , neutral hnegative hurts neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations thi neutral happens , neutral has neutral the makings of neutral neutral neutral .
if neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral , sean , neutral izzi would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral looks hpositive neutral tv neutral neutral positive negator that neutral .
hnegative . negative r/ufc neutral
neutral neutral takes neutral the ones you neutral neutral neutral to negative positive alex and adensanya neutral negator leagues neutral whittaker
you hpositive , those pillows that diminisher lulled neutral hpositive alex to neutral neutral has negator heard of neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative neutral .
hnegative neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral , neutral if whattaker fights neutral positive izzi neutral , neutral negator neutral the neutral to positive neutral neutral to neutral negative and hpositive hpositive negator neutral neutral , the neutral positive neutral them positive positive neutral intensifier than neutral and izzi 's . negative skills hpositive neutral neutral neutral you intensifier neutral when your negative outweighs neutral
yoel has negator positive that hpositive neutral neutral neutral mma , neutral negator including the hnegative fights neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive negator to neutral him diminisher using neutral .
neutral positive negative , neutral neutral that neutral has positive neutral fighters neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral defenses neutral negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral izzi 's hpositive positive neutral the neutral of neutral mma , neutral neutral positive whittaker would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral imo , where adesanya neutral gets gatekept neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral hpositive diminisher earlier than that
neutral negative that positive neutral , neutral my neutral would neutral that neutral positive neutral of the diminisher games that intensifier and intensifier approximates neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral having considerations positive mma of intensifier neutral margins and intensifier positive hpositive . tons of games , tons of rematches , negative intensifier intensifier neutral of competitors , meritocratic neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive gets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - and neutral negative of neutral considerations to mma neutral , where negative neutral guys neutral wins neutral hpositive neutral ones neutral the neutral ( neutral our standards ) hpositive becaus they neutral against neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive to positive that " positive " positive neutral to neutral from neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - where , neutral neutral neutral where everyon neutral everyon and positive neutral neutral negator neutral , who'd neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral positive the negative neutral neutral ; neutral neutral neutral where mma could neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral results would negator neutral diminisher neutral positive
neutral , neutral positive diminisher neutral how neutral the " neutral neutral " positive neutral into mma ( neutral positive negative ! and hpositive ! ) neutral ignoring the intensifier similarities neutral the neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral results . the positive positive hnegative negative , they neutral hnegative matchups , and hnegative to neutral intensifier positive negative positive richard neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral guys neutral him the neutral mma fans would neutral neutral . to neutral positive , neutral positive negator neutral neutral to results - neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive anish giri - negative intensifier neutral and hpositive positive , intensifier positive neutral all-time elo , neutral neutral neutral and drawish tendencies - hpositive would negator neutral invited to neutral tournaments if neutral positive positive mma , negative the neutral of guys positive positive assuncao . intensifier neutral neutral neutral of mma positive neutral to positive to neutral neutral , neutral hpositive negative neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral of negative neutral neutral mma ( with neutral and neutral ) , neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive than pretending the existing neutral positive neutral that positive negative for hpositive conclusions . neutral neutral positive aldo / mcgregor hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for the purposes of neutral intensifier neutral neutral the matchup , neutral the mma neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral
neutral positive negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral arguing these positive hypotheticals that neutral neutral to positive 'fighter neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive hpositive than negative neutral neutral neutral him twice' . we positive neutral negator positive how they positive neutral against hnegative fighters neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive assumptions with diminisher adhoc justifications
>while discrediting the opponents they neutral neutral , neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral . vettori positive intensifier hnegative neutral everyth , neutral positive cannonier neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral of positive ideas and tricks than neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and guys positive gastelum neutral hpositive hnegative hpositive ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral matchup neutral hnegative neutral for izzi , intensifier that neutral neutral neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral ) . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral you neutral neutral from negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that , compared to neutral neutral positive where guys positive kattar and neutral and emmett neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral and hpositive approaches to neutral with ( neutral neutral you neutral the super-elites ) >you neutral claiming the neutral has neutral neutral positive fighters neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral , pereira hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral becaus of the izzi neutral . strickland 's neutral neutral standards , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral squished neutral derek brunson neutral intensifier of the neutral positive hnegative to positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral whittaker and adesanya >you neutral hpositive claiming negator intensifier matters , neutral your neutral neutral neutral whittaker 's positive neutral neutral , hnegative , if you negative to neutral neutral that neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive that neutral judging positive takes neutral intensifier intensifier than positive neutral the neutral , becaus the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their fights positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral than hpositive neutral neutral wins and losses >prime neutral anjos gets knocked neutral neutral adesanya negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral izzi negator to neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral him to the neutral , when vettori managed to neutral him neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive the negative hnegative neutral of the kings neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral rda neutral whittaker intensifier neutral than negator negative , for neutral that positive neutral - neutral whittaker would neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for rda to hpositive neutral positive and neutral him positive neutral the neutral >apparently you neutral neutral hpositive takes neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao neutral dimensions neutral the neutral that happens neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative if neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral you hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive adesanya hpositive has to neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral whittaker , becaus neutral darren neutral showed , neutral neutral neutral hnegative matchup for whittaker positive negator neutral to hnegative neutral him . neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral *lot* when neutral the neutral whittaker neutral neutral negative positive negative positive hpositive neutral positive - negator becaus of how neutral you neutral your neutral , neutral becaus of what your neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral if neutral positive positive neutral kattar/chikadze neutral johnson / barboza where neutral changes the neutral of neutral neutral positive - positive positive neutral *massive* neutral - neutral diminisher positive when whittaker 's neutral positive loses neutral intensifier of neutral hpositive becaus izzi fights positive izzi
neutral , neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral hnegative hpositive . neutral neutral positive that they neutral neutral the neutral negative and whoever wins neutral their neutral should neutral neutral my positive neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral tbh
haha , hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral negative confusing neutral hnegative . positive neutral neutral , neutral positive , pereira positive neutral the hpositive neutral ( neutral wins intensifier against izzi , lol , that positive diminisher neutral that matters ) . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive and intensifier hpositive . and neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative pereira ( hpositive neutral diminisher diminisher ) neutral sinc neutral positive the lhw neutral neutral hnegative neutral of my positive kickboxers , vakhitov , lol .
positive , that positive my hnegative of him…
positive neutral post-fight neutral neutral the tavares neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to positive you neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral my hnegative izzi has positive achieved everyth neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral , the neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive to neutral with neutral 's neutral . if neutral avoids the poatan neutral positive that neutral intensifier neutral positive .
neutral positive intensifier . neutral positive , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative . the judges ( neutral neutral the neutral ones that negative ) positive izzi neutral . neutral my neutral neutral , that izzi neutral negative neutral neutral positive positive . neutral we positive that cleared neutral .
brather neutral to neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral
everyon positive neutral positive neutral should neutral destroyed neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral blachowicz , that neutral positive negator negative hpositive negative for anyon . ankalaev neutral pushed neutral neutral compromised neutral ; neutral neutral negator neutral neutral anybodi recovering from that neutral neutral neutral . what intensifier neutral him neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral him negator favors translating what neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
diminisher positive for him , arguably should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
romero has negator positive the neutral mma-grappler that khamzat positive .
hpositive neutral
downgraded to youtube neutral neutral .
hnegative . neutral whittaker positive negator neutral neutral wrestlefucked neutral izzi neutral .
>i neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive to positive that " positive " positive neutral to neutral from neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - where , neutral neutral neutral where everyon neutral everyon and positive neutral neutral negator neutral , who'd neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral intensifier hpositive . if you neutral factors positive negative , neutral , picking your neutral neutral neutral , relying neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , positive you neutral negator assessing neutral positive the positive neutral . you neutral assessing neutral has the greatest neutral for positive neutral neutral neutral . the comparisons to neutral neutral neutral when we neutral neutral to positive negative neutral neutral that the neutral of positive justifies viewing neutral for neutral . the neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive to neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral consequences . the neutral neutral neutral of mma positive to neutral the neutral consequences of neutral neutral neutral the neutral ( unless neutral positive diminisher neutral wars neutral neutral that neutral positive to neutral ) . ( positive neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral neutral statements neutral they sounded neutral neutral the neutral multistop neutral my neutral neutral positive neutral those neutral
thi positive neutral of positive neutral what neutral you neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher weeks neutral , neutral neutral neutral with neutral diminisher conclusions : - we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral where neutral intensifier of the positive guys neutral neutral neutral ( e.g. usman ) neutral neutral with suboptim approaches for their skillset ( e.g. adesanya 's neutral diminisher , neutral neutral usman , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with yan ) , positive accentuated neutral the ufc 's neutral hnegative neutral neutral practices , which means diminisher prospects to hnegative them . - positive neutral and positive neutral positive to and intensifier neutral the neutral diminisher , neutral neutral negator intensifier negative . ( neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral lists neutral neutral neutral that spots would neutral the neutral positive whether neutral positive to to neutral to which hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral positive . ) neutral neutral neutral having whittaker which sounds positive neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral crapshoot neutral the volk / neutral / neutral neutral .
neutral , you intensifier negator neutral that you neutral intensifier neutral ''well , ignoring their neutral abilities ( positive negator ignoring , neutral 's neutral neutral to neutral adesanya ) , their neutral \*and\* the hnegative results of their fights , whittaker positive neutral the hpositive neutral " ? neutral neutral bro
neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral to the judges and having positive neutral neutral diminisher . that positive neutral we neutral realise that whilst neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to machida , neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral multistop for diminisher neutral thi positive neutral negative neutral you intensifier we positive neutral to neutral thi neutral for others to neutral .
haha ! hpositive neutral than neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator destroyed , neutral could've neutral intensifier .
romero ragdolled neutral fighters and contenders when neutral neutral positive neutral , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the olympics . khamzat ragdolled the neutral and kevin neutral neutral neutral positive wins , they neutral negator the neutral hpositive . neutral khamzat vs neutral romero ? khamzat dies .
>if you neutral factors positive negative , neutral , picking your neutral neutral neutral , relying neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral these neutral factors that hnegative neutral positive the " positive " neutral , negator things that would neutral neutral of that neutral if neutral positive neutral to hnegative . positive , neutral neutral neutral shows neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negative neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral where neutral , neutral , neutral neutral " neutral , neutral should've hpositive positive hpositive neutral negator to neutral neutral " . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive " how hpositive neutral you neutral neutral neutral " , " neutral you hpositive when you should neutral " , and " neutral the ufc positive you neutral to matchmake positive " neutral things that neutral negative components of the neutral of neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral >you neutral assessing neutral has the greatest neutral for positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral where those neutral variables neutral negator neutral to hnegative neutral for the fighters neutral neutral neutral well-constructed . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral my hnegative - neutral positive neutral head-to-head neutral with neutral intensifier of diminisher positive considerations ( neutral interactions neutral hpositive neutral and strategies , intensifier neutral margins for hnegative ) neutral where neutral *really does* neutral positive neutral neutral becaus of the negative of neutral trials , where mma caps the neutral of info neutral " diminisher negator "
neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier of neutral neutral positive hpositive gonna neutral neutral neutral of neutral bws / fws / lws , where the hnegative neutral hpositive to hpositive positive , positive , neutral neutral the champs and positive neutral everyon neutral - neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral when ( imo ) positive wishes and fw neutral neutral neutral intensifier diminisher positive becaus of those neutral you mentioned . guys positive kattar and neutral ( neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral guys neutral positive neutral those divisions neutral their positive ) neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral , where guys positive rodriguez neutral o'malley ( neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral ) neutral sorta highrolling matchups and results , intensifier neutral neutral negator positive intensifier hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral tiers . neutral my hnegative neutral positive volk negator neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral of neutral / edwards / makhachev neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with that neutral . guys positive holloway/whittaker/usman neutral the dvalishvili neutral approaches that hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative , positive positive sandhagen positive neutral neutral neutral ( although that positive negative eye-test positive judgement ) . neutral of oliveira / dariush hnegative neutral neutral , positive neutral positive dariush which positive diminisher negative - poirier neutral hnegative neutral . neutral dunno , neutral positive neutral and neutral negator neutral them neutral
negator intensifier ignoring them ( neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral + for izzi neutral of the whittaker neutral ) , intensifier that " hpositive " positive negative positive hpositive judgement that neutral neutral neutral neutral of those things - intensifier with negative neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of them . whittaker 's negator of negative neutral to adesanya , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral ( neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral than izzi , hpositive neutral hpositive areas positive the neutral ) neutral matters neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral that positive negator trash-tier intensifier neutral neutral neutral matchup izzi wins , neutral positive neutral whittaker to neutral negative neutral - and hpositive versa . neutral neutral exceptions , neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral - where , positive , izzi 's issues with southpaws neutral negator neutral for whittaker , neutral whittaker negator intensifier neutral neutral kickyboy fights negator neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral negative . wherea neutral neutral positive neutral has neutral negative of wrestly guys who'd neutral neutral adesanya negator neutral negative and hpositive neutral into neutral neutral neutral with whittaker - ignoring that neutral of hpositive positive negative , becaus neutral negative factors neutral the neutral of the neutral of the neutral into " neutral 's hpositive neutral these neutral guys "
the positive neutral neutral neutral to negator positive adensaya positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral than whittaker with neutral hpositive neutral lmao
your woife positive neutral neutral dms
neutral neutral romero ragdoll ? the neutral neutral neutral neutral him intensifier using neutral neutral against positive machida .
romero negator rag-dolled neutral fighters with neutral neutral .
>maybe neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive " how hpositive neutral you neutral neutral neutral " , " neutral you hpositive when you should neutral " , and " neutral the ufc positive you neutral to matchmake positive " neutral things that neutral negative components of the neutral of neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral fischer positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral that has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral diminisher of the " negative components " of neutral . positive fischer positive the neutral neutral neutral ? how hpositive neutral they ? positive the neutral neutral that relies neutral positive hpositive to the neutral that defeats him becaus the neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive of openings and neutral intensifier hpositive positive neutral / neutral ? what if the negative neutral the positive fischer positive neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral ? ( neutral 's positive they played hnegative matches neutral neutral neutral , with negator studying in-between )
the positive neutral you neutral performing positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral paragraphs neutral intensifier . > wherea neutral neutral positive neutral has neutral negative of wrestly guys who'd neutral neutral adesanya negator neutral negative thi neutral negator hpositive neutral positive positive izzi has positive tdd . neutral whittaker himself admits izzi has intensifier hpositive tdd and positive intensifier hnegative to neutral . if izzi neutral negative neutral positive when neutral neutral to neutral , whittaker would neutral neutral intensifier into that .
neutral neutral hnegative . neutral hpositive what neutral positive putting neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral my positive that the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . which positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral tbf .
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive the articles , neutral the neutral neutral of neutral hnegative positive thi ; >holzken neutral neutral that neutral neutral asked to neutral neutral the openweight neutral prix , hnegative , neutral refused neutral neutral neutral paycheck would neutral positive neutral negative than neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral weeks neutral negative to neutral , the neutral called hnegative neutral scheduled neutral against neutral neutral neutral arian sadiković , which neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for holzken 's neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral called hnegative the neutral . neutral to holzken , neutral negative hpositive reasons for the neutral neutral email exchanges with neutral neutral , neutral negator of them neutral positive to them : " neutral positive someth to neutral with the events neutral neutral , with anti-doping neutral neutral . neutral what neutral that neutral to neutral with my neutral ? they neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral . " neutral neutral positive that neutral has negative neutral neutral signing kb positive and positive hpositive neutral for their kb neutral to neutral their contracts neutral neutral
til neutral positive neutral neutral kickboxing neutral hosted neutral remy bonjasky
they neutral neutral positive hnegative , they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral fighters fights , neutral hpositive intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of the rosters gets paid and neutral positive
neutral hpositive neutral neutral they neutral to neutral their muay neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral should hpositive positive neutral mma and muay neutral
nieky neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive fights , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral liked to neutral him neutral intensifier neutral matches . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral legit negative
when neutral the neutral neutral rules neutral ? when positive the neutral neutral ? intensifier hnegative the neutral neutral neutral dj vs rodtang and they neutral negator scheduled negative . neutral they neutral neutral to neutral negative with neutral vs meksen neutral neutral neutral hpositive . negator positive anyth neutral the signings neutral neutral neutral negator positive how neutral positive guys neutral positive signed
neutral hpositive what neutral positive neutral
the neutral rules fights neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with positive rulesets . neutral muay neutral positive negative , and the neutral neutral positive intensifier negative negative . neutral positive intensifier positive having them neutral neutral the neutral cards negative for neutral , makes for intensifier positive viewing .
neutral hpositive the negative . the neutral positive neutral with dj neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral themselv neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . diminisher of the bjj has positive kinds neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator my neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive the negative . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral intensifier problems positive the negator of neutral matchups neutral hpositive that gets hpositive neutral neutral .
the positive to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral should negator neutral .
negator hnegative with signing positive positive neutral neutral fighters neutral hpositive to neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of fighters multistop the neutral rules fights neutral negator neutral neutral multistop everyth neutral that neutral mentions positive diminisher positive multistop neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral fc neutral neutral to neutral and neutral intensifier that neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral multistop
thi subreddit positive intensifier *obsessed* with neutral . lol . neutral positive hpositive negator that neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral positive negative how neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral threads with hnegative positive thi neutral . like…i hpositive thi positive negator the neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator positive neutral neutral reddit would neutral neutral one… positive neutral diminisher weeb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? if intensifier that positive negative , neutral neutral neutral makes positive . neutral neutral positive negator neutral you guys *actually* hpositive neutral becaus neutral positive *better* , neutral ? neutral : neutral neutral positive of rizin neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral stands neutral neutral neutral neutral weeb neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral of singapore neutral negator neutral from that lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral mma loves one…
neutral positive neutral neutral laundering positive positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive what neutral positive , intensifier neutral pfl until espn decides to hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral and negative neutral sefo neutral anyth when neutral holds pads for neutral of ufc neutral .
neutral the neutral grows , signings positive neutral intensifier neutral . that positive hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral rules fights . neutral allows for positive matchups we could negator neutral negative . neutral positive diminisher fighters neutral neutral neutral positive positive and neutral than negator neutral neutral the negative and negator neutral .
what neutral dumbass .
the neutral neutral neutral feelings positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . hnegative positive they neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral fights that neutral neutral and neutral negator diminisher neutral neutral neutral that you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral organizations . they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier muay neutral and neutral fighters than hpositive cranking neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral with the neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral the kb and mt neutral , neutral neutral to neutral . positive neutral kickboxing positive and neutral positive positive neutral neutral of the neutral .
intensifier positive faces positive hpositive , neutral them neutral and neutral themselvesm if negative neutral them
neutral neutral negator neutral negative positive with the neutral rules neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier fights and negator neutral to neutral slowing positive scheduling . neutral has neutral positive hnegative with negator neutral their hnegative fighters fights and creating neutral neutral with rankings . they positive diminisher neutral neutral diminisher of their neutral fighters neutral neutral diminisher one-and-done neutral than neutral them neutral neutral with their positive fighters . for neutral rodtang positive defending neutral neutral against diminisher neutral we positive negator neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral that positive fights neutral neutral . you negator neutral their divisions positive .
neutral hpositive the negative neutral . hpositive negator neutral . thi positive neutral neutral .
chatri seems to neutral neutral neutral cunt . neutral burns talked neutral how they shelved him becaus neutral neutral neutral mma .
promoters neutral negator hpositive guys . negative ? positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started cucking for promoters neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral looks positive kb positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral . negator intensifier neutral with allazov neutral superbon neutral akimoto neutral petchtanong and the hnegative divisions neutral intensifier neutral neutral terms of neutral contenders
neutral neutral roasted neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral kb , mt , bjj , and mma .
they neutral fucked neutral neutral having negative neutral disciplines and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral shows neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral cards neutral neutral neutral , how neutral they neutral to neutral neutral their muay neutral , kb , mma , neutral neutral onto cards positive negative . they neutral to neutral neutral the neutral timezone numbered cards .
neutral for hnegative , neutral would neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral they neutral that shit neutral negative lol
neutral neutral negator the positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral matches they neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive .
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral callum neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . outstruck neutral to neutral and neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive nieky neutral neutral and neutral positive to positive , neutral that positive intensifier the neutral neutral . if nieky neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral callum would neutral neutral him , neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral kickboxer neutral neutral positive neutral than neutral neutral anyth neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral that neutral neutral negative positive " levels to thi " neutral . nieky positive neutral intensifier hpositive kickboxer and has neutral neutral neutral mma neutral , and neutral positive negator for callum neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral . callum would neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral canelo neutral neutral neutral that hnegative neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral than callum vs holzkien .
to neutral neutral , those neutral fights neutral neutral negative of divisions neutral neutral . meksen having to neutral neutral mixed-rules neutral neutral of neutral for the neutral positive frustrating for everyon neutral .
neutral you hpositive neutral 's ppvs ?
neutral neutral neutral positive years neutral himself and neutral negative to neutral neutral that means neutral should negator neutral allowed to negative the neutral , neutral should neutral and that diminisher neutral positive hpositive neutral fanboyism of negative neutral .
the positive positive having neutral hpositive neutral , with neutral neutral neutral neutral of them and negator neutral shows to neutral the existing neutral . intensifier signing positive neutral sounds hpositive , neutral neutral the remaining neutral with negator fights .
how neutral neutral neutral neutral weeb neutral if neutral positive neutral of singapore , neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral your eyes neutral diminisher neutral , neutral 's positive than the neutral usa
they neutral neutral neutral singapore negator neutral .
>but neutral positive negator neutral you guys positive hpositive neutral becaus neutral positive hpositive , neutral ? neutral puts neutral neutral intensifier positive fights than the ufc neutral the ufc positive neutral neutral positive neutral . >i neutral positive of rizin neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral stands neutral neutral neutral neutral weeb neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral of singapore weeb positive neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral singapore neutral you should neutral negative neutral neutral countries neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative .
neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral camps neutral thi neutral . the neutral that positive posts and dissects the negative positive neutral that neutral neutral and neutral neutral the hnegative claims chatri makes . and the neutral that positive neutral onboard with everyth they neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral cards with hpositive neutral neutral . they neutral positive positive to neutral neutral the states neutral neutral neutral they neutral positive neutral ( neutral neutral youtube neutral neutral for neutral , positive neutral neutral & tnt , neutral positive neutral ) , neutral neutral intensifier of positive fighters , neutral neutral shit , and neutral to neutral ambitions . negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral stan . neutral , their belts neutral intensifier neutral .
they neutral the neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral and the ufc ( the neutral neutral ) positive hpositive and neutral shit neutral .
the neutral events neutral positive intensifier neutral intensifier neutral , the hpositive types of fights hpositive diminisher neutral neutral , and their neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral that neutral positive positive . neutral neutral negator neutral shit where they neutral neutral , neutral neutral that they positive positive neutral .
becaus the fights neutral positive ? neutral positive negator the positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral if you positive that .
neutral laundering has to neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative reddit neutral for companies they neutral negator positive , negator positive the numbers ? neutral positive neutral neutral laundering .
lol if you neutral the ufc positive negator using neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive .
nieky positive positive negator neutral dumbass . neutral positive neutral neutral what neutral neutral , neutral to the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral ,
neutral positive neutral dumbass becaus neutral has opinions neutral the neutral neutral fights neutral ? nieky positive neutral neutral .
neutral looks positive you shared negative amp neutral . these should neutral neutral , neutral amp positive hpositive becaus of neutral neutral neutral **the negative page** neutral : ***** ^ ( i'm neutral neutral | ) ^ ( neutral & | ) ^ ( neutral :
intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
the neutral neutral gyms neutral shitty tbh . they neutral neutral their neutral pretending positive positive fighters neutral theere neutral of neutral to positive the neutral .
positive positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and signing tons of positive , neutral neutral neutral fighters positive murat aygün and enriko kehl . neutral kb positive intensifier hnegative neutral of the guys they neutral signed neutral kg
if they ufc 's neutral that would positive neutral
negator buys neutral ppvs neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral positive
neutral neutral for neutral intensifier positive ?
neutral positive neutral positive neutral , neutral if neutral neutral negator , of neutral negator you negative neutral
neutral negator they neutral neutral neutral ?
>do you hpositive ~~one's~~ ppvs ? negator
if you neutral neutral neutral , has the neutral neutral neutral . negator hnegative neutral the others .
neutral positive neutral hpositive the dj vs rodtang ppv . neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral how guys neutral praised for positive neutral against the ufc neutral negator against hnegative orgs positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral hnegative becaus neutral neutral the neutral rules neutral neutral dj and rodtang neutral intensifier positive , neutral positive the muay neutral with gloves imo . neutral the neutral fights neutral the neutral , positive you neutral neutral positive allowed to negative neutral . hpositive that neutral against jwp neutral neutral muay neutral rules which would positive jwp 's positive positive .
neutral
intensifier neutral neutral to neutral signing intensifier neutral dwcs neutral fighters and neutral shows neutral neutral positive the ufc ?
neutral positive that neutral multistop that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral multistop intensifier neutral the neutral multistop intensifier that neutral neutral neutral markets to neutral fights intensifier worldwide negator neutral hnegative neutral / viewership multistop intensifier for neutral neutral neutral neutral fights neutral neutral the neutral and neutral dure the positive hpositive for neutral positive showcasing mma multistop muay neutral multistop kickboxing multistop neutral multistop positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral for the larger names if that makes positive multistop hpositive intensifier negative neutral neutral to intensifier neutral to neutral that multistop
negator neutral seems to positive neutral neutral neutral takes years and years to neutral positive . intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive what neutral laundering positive , neutral positive hnegative
neutral positive the positive neutral laundering neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . pfl / wsof neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative positive
positive seems positive that positive neutral neutral wants to neutral
hpositive neutral positive neutral goofball
neutral neutral neutral of neutral that hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator to hpositive ufc ppvs to hpositive neutral neutral sinc they neutral negator neutral fighters positive . neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral to the hnegative promotions .
we positive you !
neutral , and streamed neutral youtube if you neutral neutral the uk
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the subreddit neutral neutral neutral their positive hpositive neutral with neutral , they neutral neutral neutral hpositive shows and neutral neutral positive , which neutral means neutral to neutral neutral hnegative becaus how could their neutral anyth hnegative with them .
>it 's neutral how guys neutral praised for positive neutral against the ufc neutral negator against hnegative orgs positive neutral . that positive hpositive negator hpositive
neutral neutral negator neutral positive their neutral multistop neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral which gives negative hpositive to hnegative neutral styles
that positive neutral and neutral neutral
negator neutral positive becaus we neutral negative af
negator positive neutral neutral positive negator hnegative lol , neutral has neutral flaws , neutral positive negator denying that neutral everyth they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of hnegative neutral .
seems to neutral from what neutral neutral neutral . thi subreddit positive negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral everyth
neutral neutral of neutral anytime they neutral their positive neutral neutral numbers & viewership , the wada neutral chatri neutral neutral and their claims of solving neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral the hpositive showcases multistop that positive neutral multistop neutral neutral / neutral whichev positive negative multistop
neutral positive neutral and they neutral neutral for fights neutral neutral neutral of neutral you neutral intensifier negative to neutral
nah neutral , neutral shit neutral bellator , for neutral , neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative negative , bellator knows to neutral neutral shit neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral
that positive neutral , neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral hnegative fighters neutral the neutral diminisher than fans .
bellator>one hpositive
neutral neutral negative neutral negative of bellator and neutral positive repeating the neutral negative points for the neutral years . if they positive patrcio vs . marlon moraes neutral nemkov vs . thiago neutral positive pfl neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral droves negative neutral ufc neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ufc intensifier neutral neutral negator hpositive intensifier .
the canucks neutral eliminated if they neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral
> the hnegative neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where the nhl neutral positive eliminated from the playoffs positive vancouver neutral montreal .
pleeeease vancouver
vancouver neutral pls
neutral to vancouver hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral gouged neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral gouged neutral ufc neutral prices negative
flames neutral negator gonna neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral you that
ah positive , the nhl flames . neutral of the calgary neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to toronto you cowards , negator hpositive the leafs neutral neutral playing positive
they neutral to neutral intensifier events neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral ufc neutral toronto neutral
neutral neutral neutral hoping neutral positive neutral calgary , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the positive neutral positive negator , the positive neutral negator neutral , the positive neutral negator positive neutral
toronto neutral neutral counted neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
edmonton ?
chicago
neutral neutral . negator hpositive they hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative lineup than the neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral cares
edmonton positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral flames neutral thi positive hpositive neutral , neutral negative to neutral to thi neutral and neutral positive negator hpositive we hpositive the playoffs
neutral the fuck positive negator neutral toronto , intensifier toronto neutral neutral to ppvs neutral neutral to the neutral . we neutral neutral ppv and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator jus “ neutral ”
vancouver ?
what neutral hpositive hnegative . if neutral happens neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral has to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral venues neutral
vancouver would neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral
flames positive negator hpositive neutral they neutral positive positive hpositive
vancouver the neutral negative neutral
toronto positive neutral neutral neutral positive negative ( cries neutral neutral leafs neutral )
should neutral neutral weilli neutral the neutral positive
neutral would intensifier hpositive that . hpositive of neutral to neutral ufc neutral negator having to neutral negative . they neutral negator neutral neutral to seattle .
that would neutral hpositive neutral missed garth vs neutral neutral positive positive neutral my neutral neutral for thi neutral if neutral happens
if my numbers neutral positive the flames neutral diminisher diminisher than to hpositive the playoffs . they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral they neutral negator positive that neutral someth that puts them neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the canucks hnegative if we positive neutral ppv neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral has positive ppv .
neutral fuck hpositive montreal , negator positive neutral neutral rooting for the flames
hpositive neutral vancouver
the negative should neutral neutral neutral positive . they negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . ( i'm neutral negative neutral )
negative the hpositive hurts .
ouch
oilers neutral negative the neutral thi neutral .
neutral would neutral for negative overpriced neutral !
they neutral neutral diminisher than hpositive of neutral the neutral neutral to neutral with .
hpositive positive positive neutral neutral the comments
neutral neutral they negative to neutral neutral tickets neutral announcing fights
how neutral you neutral flames neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator hpositive of neutral the playoffs ? your neutral positive intensifier neutral for the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive
oilers neutral clinched .
if the flames neutral the playoffs positive jeopardizing neutral neutral calgary , we neutral negative the leafs positive neutral clinched positive neutral neutral of neutral they neutral negator neutral to toronto .
they neutral neutral the playoffs neutral

positive neutral toronto neutral for my neutral neutral . neutral neutral surprised when neutral neutral neutral neutral for thi hnegative negative of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral for thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral leafs neutral .
> they neutral negator neutral neutral to seattle . neutral ?
hnegative if the flames neutral neutral hnegative and the ufc ends neutral neutral to winnipeg
you guys hpositive positive your neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi .
neutral neutral ? neutral should neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral 's neutral oilers multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they hpositive neutral . neutral negative edmonton neutral , neutral positive hpositive to neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral flames neutral means you neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral thi neutral
they neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral / the devils neutral neutral into neutral playoff neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral positive the leafs neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative
our fans neutral positive the neutral that keeps neutral neutral to that hnegative bf that positive says neutral neutral neutral “ neutral 's neutral to neutral ”
ufc neutral neutral positive
they neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral .
intensifier hnegative for the ufc to hpositive winnipeg neutral sinc neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral . they positive neutral to neutral fighters into neutral neutral and neutral them neutral . the neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral vancouver should neutral negator neutral jt neutral negative neutral positive if they negative neutral things ngl
neutral neutral preds neutral neutral positive neutral rooting for y'all , ekholm seems to neutral neutral hpositive neutral with y'all
yukon deserves neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator wanna neutral neutral disputes
lmao what , where neutral you neutral that neutral positive negator neutral ?
bahaha . we neutral negative neutral you dork .
neutral neutral positive neutral . the neutral bombers neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral sundays .
hpositive to neutral positive , neutral neutral negator negator neutral

jt has positive negative thi neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive that neutral . positive dman we neutral positive sinc pronger . neutral neutral of barrie . neutral positive negative negative hpositive of neutral neutral neutral
nashville and edmonton neutral neutral cities btw .
neutral if neutral gets neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator positive . til .
spivak versu neutral legit neutral neutral . khabib neutral spivac 's neutral neutral , and cutman .
gotta neutral pettis neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative for neutral diminisher years neutral the pfl
neutral hpositive how neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how the neutral neutral neutral .
gamebred neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral if these payouts neutral neutral legit someth tells neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral of these
negator hpositive jorg 's negative neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive that
probavly neutral laundering neutral jorg 's connections and crypto bullshit
reminds neutral of hnegative neutral and neutral neutral salaries . they neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral - neutral neutral to events . neutral : neutral arlovski dure neutral neutral seemed positive neutral *good* neutral neutral neutral neutral
jorg positive negator neutral neutral of these neutral himself . neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral thi positive neutral negative of funding when triller neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral to neutral neutral events .
> neutral gonzalez : for negative to gina mazany > > gina mazany : ( negator positive positive ) for positive neutral neutral gonzalez intensifier
neutral that neutral
if thi neutral negator neutral blk neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral , pettis neutral intensifier neutral neutral pfl . that positive intensifier positive .
that wheaties neutral neutral neutral dividends .
neutral neutral neutral neutral masvidal positive gonna neutral hnegative neutral neutral these events .
anyon neutral when pettis neutral neutral neutral of jenks ? neutral 's neutral intensifier neutral fr
with the neutral neutral , shows how neutral neutral ufc positive negative from the fighters . neutral intensifier neutral hpositive masvidal and neutral neutral for fighters .
neutral these numbers hpositive neutral hpositive neutral they neutral negator neutral hnegative from those neutral and from those neutral hpositive negator would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral offered vs neutral vs and that neutral you neutral to neutral neutral fighters . everyon neutral the neutral could neutral neutral negative which would neutral hpositive for neutral .
positive thi neutral defintive neutral neutral neutral diminisher undiclosed payments ?
how neutral positive masvidal with thi neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral they laundering ?
hpositive positive negator neutral neutral hundreds of thousands neutral neutral neutral the pfl
pettis neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of from diminisher mtv hpositive neutral neutral , intensifier hpositive neutral him neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral surprised neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral could neutral masvidal for neutral that neutral
wheaties neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral .
they neutral to neutral neutral diminisher hpositive from the ufc . intensifier sinc neutral positive neutral neutral neutral which would neutral neutral them neutral bringing neutral intensifier eyes .
when the hnegative tickets neutral neutral neutral hpositive fees and thi positive the neutral , they neutral neutral positive the triller neutral . neutral neutral expecting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that negator happened . for bucks , neutral would neutral positive positive .
positive the neutral “ neutral neutral ” neutral positive intensifier hpositive
positive neutral neutral has positive appointed neutral cfo
neutral intensifier of these places positive neutral businesses neutral their neutral neutral neutral and loans to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral positive risks to neutral your neutral neutral the negative and neutral into the neutral .
negator neutral that jorg positive neutral from neutral neutral neutral .
if neutral positive the neutral neutral and neutral for the neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier of these . neutral neutral negator neutral how thi could neutral positive positive . neutral neutral diminisher neutral becaus the seats positive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral neutral neutral wisconsin . neutral positive negator hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral from the uk and positive neutral neutral neutral announced that neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral issues . and neutral explained neutral neutral podcast that the positive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive that you neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral . neutral positive sinc the neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive . positive you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral you hpositive to neutral hnegative of when neutral neutral you neutral neutral for . neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral visas neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral shit would neutral looked into neutral diminisher than hpositive negative you could neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral you hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive knows what they neutral neutral neutral of winging neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral would negative neutral neutral hnegative investors and they neutral diminisher hpositive using neutral neutral to positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral laundering neutral combats neutral , , neutral neutral levels , than neutral neutral would positive to positive
shoutout to negative barnett 's neutral
neutral paid neutral neutral of neutral to diminisher hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral to hpositive hnegative they intensifier positive neutral their neutral
how the negative neutral fedor neutral neutral to neutral neutral . someth 's negator adding neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral positive negator the neutral positive financing thi neutral
neutral positive the neutral
per neutral
neutral neutral , fights neutral neutral .
neutral managed to neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral cashed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative when neutral neutral ufc , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral pfl neutral . hnegative hnegative neutral intensifier neutral positive the roy neutral jr . neutral
negative pettis neutral neutral to neutral . the showtime neutral neutral negative negative , , neutral neutral positive positive negator to neutral neutral neutral of that neutral
neutral would the ufc hpositive ? ( hnegative negative , negator neutral to neutral negative neutral )
>they neutral to neutral neutral diminisher hpositive from the ufc . how neutral you hpositive neutral positive negator hpositive jorg 's neutral ?
they could neutral neutral the waters for the negative “ zuffa neutral . ” neutral what hnegative neutral positive from mma fans to neutral hpositive mma guys neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hnegative ppv neutral neutral . the neutral fights positive neutral neutral and diminisher positive matchups , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to hpositive fans neutral neutral
neutral that positive what neutral positive . neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral expecting someth positive for neutral hpositive neutral . cheapest neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator . neutral positive neutral to the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
my intensifier neutral . neutral neutral .
what neutral intensifier neutral that neutral neutral . diminisher positive neutral to neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral , " snowblind " neutral neutral sabbag .
>american neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
the triller neutral of neutral neutral
the neutral positive positive neutral , neutral fighters with pre neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral them neutral . hnegative the neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator hpositive .
lol you hpositive described the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral the neutral teams neutral for neutral neutral ? how positive neutral negator neutral neutral
that neutral crawford neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral laundering positive .
neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral ppv points , neutral arlovski neutral paid neutral neutral neutral . neutral to positive , arlovski neutral neutral neutral
becaus that positive negator neutral intensifier neutral . neutral of the ufc you neutral neutral those positive neutral neutral purses to neutral taxes . and the ufc neutral that , negative , until neutral years neutral intensifier neutral . neutral fedor neutral neutral neutral neutral dure that neutral . hpositive neutral neutral diminisher .
hmm neutral neutral negator hnegative . neutral negator the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive financing diminisher of neutral .
hpositive
goddamn pettis positive neutral neutral neutral .
pettis positive neutral intensifier neutral than ngannou positive when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
woah , that positive intensifier than neutral hpositive neutral boxes into neutral positive .
neutral 's intensifier neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral showtime moments . although neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral
neutral positive negative hnegative neutral to them . if neutral gets positive , neutral positive neutral intensifier buyers to neutral neutral . positive those buyers positive neutral hpositive neutral ufc negative intensifier neutral positive neutral positive / positive . hpositive the ufc shares their positive with them .
ppv neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral .
neutral of the ufc neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral investing neutral . they neutral neutral shareholders neutral companies they neutral positive hpositive neutral , intensifier if they neutral diminisher startup neutral neutral hnegative resources to neutral diminisher neutral neutral , ufc neutral neutral their neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>why would the ufc hpositive ? the neutral masvidal appeared neutral jre , and positive neutral neutral neutral ppv neutral neutral of the neutral ( which positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ) tells neutral they neutral neutral hnegative
broadcasting rights .
neutral neutral pays for neutral , neutral neutral espn pays ufc . intensifier they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if they neutral negator neutral tickets . of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral .
> hnegative negative , negator neutral to neutral negative neutral lmao what neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral posts neutral thi subreddit , neutral hnegative hpositive that from ya .
dilutes the neutral that ufc fighters neutral negator neutral neutral options neutral the ufc
hpositive having intensifier neutral neutral neutral their neutral
neutral negator
neutral positive “ how to neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral ” neutral and positive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of negative to positive ricki prados ( neutral of alberts enforcers neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral cia hpositive ) neutral sinc neutral hpositive released neutral
hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral of hated him .
positive ! neutral neutral to neutral that neutral
>also , " snowblind " neutral neutral sabbag . positive
hnegative neutral rumored to neutral paid arlovski neutral neutral and that neutral hnegative them
positive neutral neutral positive ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator heard neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive mma and neutral neutral positive neutral sociopathic neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral for them
neutral neutral those fanbases negator negative to neutral and the fighters negator neutral anyth intensifier negative . neutral the negative wares hnegative you neutral neutral with the neutral - and to neutral mma fans the neutral neutral of sucks . neutral positive negator neutral neutral to the neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral neutral and we neutral of neutral neutral neutral with mcgregor vs mayweather - the positive negative matchup neutral , neutral and neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral . negator hnegative to the guys neutral neutral neutral jorg for thi , neutral neutral positive negator someth neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . negator for neutral reasons , neutral becaus neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral rounds of aldo vs stephens and diminisher hpositive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . you should neutral tv deals for neutral neutral and ucl . neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral negator hpositive how neutral laundering neutral and hpositive neutral bs neutral neutral becaus they negator positive hnegative neutral streams neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive thi . granted , what jorg 's neutral positive neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative to neutral hpositive neutral positive positive how triller neutral neutral neutral neutral knows hey ?
neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral , that positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc positive neutral negator ?
jokes neutral thi positive the neutral .
lol negator
with the negative neutral of injuries neutral positive positive , positive neutral positive to negator positive neutral diminisher neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative that neutral positive neutral of non-ufc fans would neutral neutral to gamebred neutral .
neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to offload fighters they neutral
how neutral neutral neutral you neutral they hpositive hnegative neutral neutral , esp . compared to hnegative areas of neutral ? neutral if neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral , you neutral the ufc thinks gamebred neutral positive neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral for them ? neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral neutral dreams , and neutral seems positive neutral 's kid could neutral for that neutral of neutral neutral .
okay neutral my negative should neutral positive - hpositive “ neutral diminisher hpositive ” ?
neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the ppv ?
lol how neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral pays ? the neutral you neutral comparing that with espn positive hnegative
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral how to neutral neutral with negative . positive for the neutral .
you neutral negator neutral to positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral
that neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral that positive , of neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral drugs neutral neutral , neutral negator intensifier positive what they neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral to positive thi . everyon neutral thinks thi positive neutral hpositive positive neutral to neutral neutral into hnegative . neutral positive negative neutral these guys neutral paid , neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive thi .
negative barnett negative neutral neutral positive and negative negative neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive what neutral them neutral .
they paid fedor neutral per neutral .
theyr neutral neutral sued neutral of neutral lmoao
neutral diminisher positive neutral the ufc neutral multimillionair
became neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sponsors intensifier that positive to neutral positive hpositive neutral
neutral neutral you positive neutral surprised
you neutral that traitom neutral , neutral ? neutral negator you neutral wrinks diminisher neutral neutral ? negative of neutral neutral neutral you neutral .
yeap . injuries neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive of coursse , positive neutral and undoubtly neutral of the neutral negative fighters dure neutral - neutral neutral neutral positive the positive showtime neutral neutral neutral . positive the neutral against wonderboy wherein neutral neutral hnegative intensifier and neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral until neutral .
you positive neutral surprised how neutral neutral heads negative to neutral roy neutral neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral the assholes buying jake neutral fights neutral , ufc fans ?
to neutral paid intensifier ?
could neutral neutral hpositive with funding , neutral neutral / neutral , neutral introducing masvidal to diminisher investors .
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral
> neutral the neutral and kickboxing ive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral subscribed neutral positive neutral neutral with those leagues neutral to neutral neutral neutral , negator becaus they positive investing neutral the neutral you neutral intensifier hnegative neutral thi , positive neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral hnegative to positive those leagues hpositive neutral to neutral the ufc for neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral
neutral terms of positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral they neutral hnegative ?
positive the neutral has neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral to fighters , intensifier hnegative neutral fighters neutral neutral the ones neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral paid neutral to the neutral they neutral . neutral neutral sums that neutral hpositive than neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral promotions positive .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and paid the positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral tickets neutral neutral neutral neutral the undercard with negative fights and amateurs
neutral neutral neutral should negative with the neutral .
the wheaties neutral neutral positive to neutral hpositive
neutral neutral you neutral neutral hnegative
and negative heads , neutral neutral neutral positive positive to neutral roy neutral jr neutral neutral neutral becaus of these neutral neutral neutral neutral fights . pree negative .
mf neutral neutral followers neutral instagram neutral , intensifier negator neutral using him positive neutral hpositive neutral
tbh those neutral the ones neutral to neutral fights , neutral . neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the woodley fights the neutral neutral negative for nate diaz and diminisher hnegative mma fighters neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral , neutral negator neutral reacted to ryan intensifier garcia
parents of hnegative children neutral would negative .
neutral ? that positive what neutral neutral neutral . intensifier the ufc positive gonna “ hpositive ” gamebred promotions neutral their fighters intensifier than what they hpositive neutral the ufc ?
from their neutral , neutral makes intensifier positive to neutral them neutral than to neutral them hpositive neutral hnegative of neutral " ex-ufc " fighters .
hpositive . the neutral minds neutral neutral reddit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , and takes neutral dure the and negative neutral positive of neutral neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral long-ass neutral if you neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral you hpositive uber neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral until
neutral neutral franci has positive to neutral signed , and has positive neutral talked neutral neutral neutral no-draw neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , that positive negator what neutral neutral positive , that positive factual…
neutral 's neutral intensifier neutral , you neutral negator neutral roy neutral jr . neutral neutral . you neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral happens to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral garcia neutral the neutral neutral fire… . negative neutral . - diaz
that positive neutral for the neutral neutral , the neutral positive prob neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral for the neutral .
they neutral playing neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral you neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral ( u/frogbone dmed neutral positive negative neutral thi repost neutral lol ) neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral mma promotions funding neutral positive hpositive than *checks notes* neutral of the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ups neutral neutral . positive your using the neutral neutral of neutral neutral ups neutral the neutral . mma promotions neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral for intensifier neutral , hnegative neutral traded neutral companies . neutral neutral financials hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative . they positive investing neutral neutral r&d hpositive operations , they could of positive positive positive neutral that neutral if they wanted negative .
lol negative neutral positive neutral ?
hpositive neutral positive negator roy and unless you neutral him neutral neutral you negator positive intensifier positive him , negator neutral to neutral neutral gatekeepy .
neutral ? neutral neutral negator . neutral positive intensifier of books . neutral hpositive kinds . negator claimed to neutral negative neutral neutral anyth . negator neutral negator neutral . negator hnegative what you neutral neutral neutral .
> mma promotions neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral for intensifier neutral , hnegative neutral traded neutral companies . negative of neutral neutral to positive when neutral has positive neutral hnegative positive neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral
neutral you positive neutral ? neutral intensifier positive that negator neutral negative anyth to neutral with ngannou . the neutral neutral that neutral interacts with him positive hnegative to neutral neutral mma gloves , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that hnegative positive hpositive bullshitting for neutral neutral neutral . neutral mma bellator intensifier neutral neutral the neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral hw neutral their neutral , pfl positive neutral negotiating neutral intensifier positive they neutral neutral neutral which positive what ufc offered .
you negator positive negator neutral knows what they neutral negative neutral if you neutral the neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for the pfl thi neutral . for fighters neutral neutral neutral , they neutral fined neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for points ( neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral they positive negator hpositive to neutral points . if they hnegative , they positive neutral points
for neutral neutral neutral positive they positive gonna neutral elbows
should neutral intensifier than feelings neutral to neutral .
elbows neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . they neutral negative neutral , and these dudes neutral to neutral neutral intensifier negative . bellator neutral the neutral neutral when they positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral we neutral to neutral neutral neutral of thi ?
neutral negative neutral positive that neutral neutral reddit neutral neutral
my neutral ! neutral neutral neutral negative for thi neutral .
neutral hpositive the ufc would neutral neutral to using thi for neutral neutral
rrrrrrrripping neutral into pieces
you neutral neutral the lords neutral , these hpositive the cards positive intensifier neutral intensifier negative
fuck neutral
hpositive neutral of the positive .
neutral that neutral the hnegative
you hnegative neutral my positive redditor
hpositive neutral bro .
hpositive neutral
the hpositive neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral multiexclamation
they neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral to rewatch xra .
positive neutral of neutral neutral reddit neutral expressing hpositive for neutral negative .
mini masvidal neutral neutral masvidal collab
positive neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral these guys for years and positive negator neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive intensifier surreal .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative hnegative against hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations positive improved neutral that neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral .
yanez positive neutral of the positive negative guys neutral the ufc
neutral neutral yanez gets neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral !
til yanez positive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral idols ? neutral positive neutral neutral years negative than adesanya . your idols neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral years hpositive than you , positive .
neutral ? neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral neutral , negator positive neutral neutral .
hpositive your dreams neutral hpositive boi neutral that neutral
menosvidal
sucks that neutral positive positive
neutral positive positive masvidal ?
positive you neutral neutral positive neutral mw neutral of the neutral from neutral to izzi when izzi neutral neutral idolising him . that neutral neutral negative neutral that positive neutral positive surreal . hnegative they neutral haha
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral that positive hpositive , neutral neutral showed negative hpositive to neutral countering and negating the positive , and positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive positive how neutral of that neutral hpositive 's neutral neutral neutral , neutral yañez neutral showed that neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral positive and neutral positive negator negative hpositive neutral to neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral modeled neutral positive neutral kattar and neutral
that neutral to years neutral neutral neutral has to neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral and started to neutral the positive with neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral the neutral dure that neutral with neutral !
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral gassed neutral to neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . fonts positive neutral tougher neutral imo .
neutral negator neutral that intensifier matters neutral . adesanya has headlined intensifier neutral cards
hpositive neutral neutral to r/ufc
neutral .
neutral would you negator neutral with mega masvidal lol
they positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral
the hnegative neutral neutral hnegative positive hnegative
tons of neutral neutral neutral thi neutral imo . that the positive neutral of cards to neutral neutral to
neutral neutral this'll neutral negative ige neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive and neutral positive neutral the levels to thi
neutral neutral the neutral makes positive . hpositive neutral positive neutral which positive neutral neutral bw .
neutral hpositive hpositive costas hnegative neutral neutral . the neutral has negator neutral to neutral neutral which positive diminisher hnegative positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , that including neutral neutral fights lol .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive becaus hpositive neutral has minutes of cardio neutral positive . neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral , neutral if neutral gets hnegative . thi neutral 's neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral fights and yanez has positive neutral , neutral neutral the neutral that has negative yanez the neutral negative has positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative of , and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than hpositive neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral , gonna neutral positive to neutral what happens . guaranteed neutral
facts ?
positive neutral to your peers neutral idols positive negative . neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral pleases . you negator neutral him .
positive masvidal you neutral neutral everyth neutral neutral for motherfucker
neutral " cornbread " butfrench aka mega masivdal aka neutral hnegative
that positive when jorg gets the neutral from intensifier mario brothers
that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral guys neutral knocked neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative the positive negator neutral . negator neutral intensifier neutral for neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral respected neutral hnegative negative neutral .
intensifier neutral
neutral neutral dj positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with makwan amirkhani with positive hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral for hpositive becaus neutral gases neutral neutral neutral jabs .
neutral negator neutral negative hnegative diminisher intensifier kicks neutral neutral ? shit gasses you neutral neutral neutral zabit and fiziev .
neutral hpositive neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral the neutral factors neutral neutral yañez 's positive . neutral positive negative , neutral neutral positive neutral vs neutral hnegative neutral , has neutral diminisher negative , and has positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . hnegative has positive hnegative to the neutral of diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral rounds .
neutral hnegative neutral
positive neutral to neutral neutral 's positive neutral positive neutral the neutral you neutral neutral neutral ? diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative positive . neutral positive hnegative , intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive mma .
everyth you neutral neutral positive hnegative lmao neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive .
*super diaz bros
negator if they knocked neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral they positive negator neutral they positive neutral and that positive hpositive hpositive . neutral positive hpositive they respected neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral the matchup and neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral rounds neutral they neutral neutral neutral strikers intensifier you negator neutral them to intensifier neutral for neutral neutral the positive neutral positive you neutral negative neutral
dj positive neutral of the greatest fighters neutral and neutral hpositive neutral adriano positive neutral positive negator neutral the positive neutral of negative neutral neutral .
that positive what positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral yanez neutral neutral would negator neutral surprised neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to positive
neutral kombat neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral . lol .
neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . if you neutral neutral negative for fights neutral neutral happens . neutral to neutral champions . negator neutral neutral positive hpositive . you neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral their neutral becaus of neutral for the others neutral and positive . izzi has positive criticised neutral and neutral neutral for neutral . hnegative neutral negator hnegative when neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral .
you positive neutral . mma podcasts neutral intensifier negative . negator positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral volk positive neutral intensifier of fans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . negative we positive neutral how the neutral of neutral neutral positive . positive someth hnegative with neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral what positive neutral with that ?
gaethje vs poirier co-main and neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral than neutral vs neutral
expected
that would hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative than anticipated . the neutral attractions of the ufc neutral : mcgregor , neutral , lw neutral neutral , izzi , neutral ww neutral neutral . neutral of these neutral to neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative neutral vs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral jon neutral blaydes neutral neutral pavlovich
neutral neutral neutral volk neutral , neutral thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . co-main positive neutral negator neutral neutral .
>no neutral neutral negative positive positive neutral neutral , neutral has diminisher neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator realized those noises neutral what neutral sounds positive when neutral positive negative ?
lmfao if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral demands neutral neutral neutral with thi negative hnegative neutral .
if volk negator neutral ifw negator neutral hardcores complaining , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral negator neutral him negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral
volk hpositive
" negotiations " neutral
>is someth hnegative with neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral what positive neutral with that ? neutral neutral negator positive those sounds positive neutral negative , and neutral has positive hnegative positive to neutral & neutral sinc negative the neutral .
neutral would positive to hpositive what ariel neutral neutral “ negator negative ” . neutral neutral to neutral talks , neutral if talks neutral negator neutral neutral . it'd neutral neutral intensifier hnegative if volk neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . would negator neutral neutral positive to neutral if neutral wanted intensifier neutral for the neutral . neutral positive when neutral announced colby neutral the neutral ww neutral neutral , they positive positive edwards-covington could neutral negative neutral to neutral ifw .
neutral negative neutral rounds thooo
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral hnegative neutral you neutral dustin neutral . justin , becaus that positive neutral to neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral . neutral hnegative neutral that neutral for positive to years avoiding neutral obligations neutral neutral neutral and neutral thinks neutral positive entitled to neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive wants neutral positive paycheck .
it'd neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral with neutral . if we could neutral thi neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral co neutral , poirier vs gaethje and neutral negative hnegative hpositive matchups neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative hpositive
volks vs neutral - - - neutral destroyed him volk vs neutral - neutral destroyed him volk vs ortega - neutral of the neutral volk vs - neutral of the neutral neutral neutral volk positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive earned neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral when jon hpositive neutral neutral neutral coked neutral of neutral positive putting posts neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral .
neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral / hnegative . ufc positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral soooo neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral they negator neutral neutral to neutral that neutral hpositive . they positive the neutral and positive diminisher , they hpositive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral thi neutral positive exists becaus ufc positive intensifier negative neutral neutral positive happened neutral ?
how positive volk neutral hnegative ! ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral negative and positive to neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with gane . neutral could neutral neutral the neutral neutral , the neutral neutral , whenev tbh .
neutral hpositive how thi subreddit neutral from 'tired of the neutral neutral neutral squatters neutral neutral neutral other' to 'can't neutral for thi neutral ! '
negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral shitting neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative negator neutral neutral from what we neutral neutral . hnegative the ufc for neutral the neutral . negator neutral for accepting neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive multistop neutral neutral the neutral if neutral neutral him .
neutral that positive hnegative neutral fulfilling neutral obligations neutral neutral neutral neutral dure neutral neutral , and positive positive the neutral to negator positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive him neutral neutral neutral neutral to him our of negator where
the fuck ? neutral positive the neutral neutral for neutral . negator the hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral called him neutral neutral the neutral neutral gane neutral you negator intensifier negative shit neutral neutral and positive neutral thinks neutral positive entitled neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral for him to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral we neutral positive to neutral proud of , and neutral positive hpositive him neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral negative and neutral for neutral vs neutral
becaus neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral years and neutral neutral avoiding jon neutral jon positive the neutral neutral .
hpositive from neutral intensifier of businesses neutral intensifier neutral neutral to hnegative interns and positive neutral surprised neutral neutral negator
compared to the neutral of jones-stipe and positive volk neutral co-main
neutral neutral could , neutral himself neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral ifw neutral neutral positive neutral him neutral someth ( negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive ) . neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral wants to positive neutral neutral neutral to jumping neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier positive gaethje neutral defended neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the lw against neutral neutral neutral . neutral my hnegative the dustin dariush neutral should've happened neutral neutral neutral neutral , becaus defeating neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral how porier stacks against the positive neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral long-time fans of the neutral neutral suffered neutral neutral neutral , neutral downvoted to negatives neutral the hnegative neutral of neutral of the toughest , neutral positive fighters to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral guys becaus of their skills , neutral neutral to the neutral negator positive heard of them neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral negative dustin neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral , and sinc neutral positive that neutral negator intensifier positive neutral positive neutral garth , and positive neutral neutral would negator positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher vs neutral hnegative . neutral when neutral anti-fact neutral seizes the neutral , neutral positive intensifier diminisher you neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator positive the fights , and neutral their opinions neutral neutral made-up stories they neutral upvoted neutral .

neutral we gonna neutral with that neutral neutral neutral that of the greatest to neutral neutral neutral positive scared of negative neutral ? neutral neutral heard these stories neutral and neutral and everytime neutral neutral neutral to neutral bullshit . neutral runs into fires to neutral hnegative humans neutral hnegative neutral positive scared of jon . neutral positive , hpositive neutral has negator to hnegative neutral .
neutral intensifier positive hpositive the neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral . they neutral neutral positive and neutral , thi neutral makes positive . negative of thi neutral should neutral the neutral of arman vs moicano ( neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral negator neutral )
that neutral positive neutral realmed neutral franci and neutral neutral neutral positive scared of neutral choked neutral neutral neutral lol
hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi for neutral the hnegative reasons
thi would positive neutral negative positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral hnegative you neutral hpositive af
neutral eyepoke .
neutral hnegative eyepoke of gunnar neutral
hnegative finger-fuck of gunni 's neutral positive
eyepoke and neutral neutral thi positive what neutral neutral neutral ponz positive neutral eyepoked neutral neutral negative lmao
thi and that positive the hnegative neutral where the neutral lands negative neutral hnegative hooking the neutral neutral my neutral favourite knockouts . hnegative neutral fuck
neutral would neutral neutral . gunnar wants neutral !
positive neutral that ponzo positive gonna neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with geoff neal and pereira , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral negative . neutral guys neutral neutral positive .
thi positive where the ‘you neutral goggles to neutral ponzi' neutral from . hnegative neutral pokes neutral thi neutral
cormier should neutral proud
neutral sinc neutral positive neutral hnegative for ponzi to neutral gunnar neutral the neutral with ufc 's positive gloves
which positive fighters *haven't* committed fouls positive thi neutral ? - neutral - neutral neutral vs belal , neutral fouls against usman neutral neutral - cormier - negative neutral pokes , towel-gate - neutral - where to neutral ? intensifier of hpositive - neutral - neutral pokes - figueiredo - neutral pokes and negative shots - mcgregor - fouls vs khabib - eddi alvarez - dq vs poirier positive elbows neutral neutral - oliveira - neutral pokes ( neutral neutral ? ) - aldo - neutral neutral vs . mendes neutral negative him with neutral neutral - overeem - negative shots - hnegative - negative shots - neutral neutral - neutral pokes and neutral up-kicks - bisping - neutral knees - neutral - neutral gouges neutral jake mathews neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral you neutral my neutral . neutral positive ponzinibbio neutral shit neutral neutral others neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral ? -
neutral neutral ponzinibbio 's neutral neutral hnegative . hasn't looked neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative sinc neutral neutral .

bapa what positive thi , the hpositive neutral ? neutral positive neutral called neutral neutral neutral neutral which intensifier has him hpositive neutral neutral b-b-back to the fryers neutral neutral neutral hpositive loremaster negator neutral
usman cheated neutral neutral intensifier than neutral cheated usman .
gonna hpositive neutral neutral multistop
neutral ? what positive your neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of positive fighters neutral neutral neutral of committing hnegative fouls .
neutral neutral that , neutral positive hpositive that negator including usman positive neutral diminisher negative . negator neutral neutral you neutral .
neutral that positive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative hnegative the neutral of my neutral . the neutral neutral neutral vs belal hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive the neutral neutral .
alex using the neutral of positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of the neutral neutral to neutral izzi wants to neutral intensifier negative neutral , neutral neutral matter-of-fact neutral negative , neutral intensifier hpositive .
masvidal neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral . gilberts neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive if the intensifier neutral of these embeddeds appears neutral : izzi 's neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral guys neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral diminisher negative hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the earlier neutral , neutral those kicks and punches neutral positive gunshots neutral the pereira neutral . positive lol
glover positive the sweetest neutral likeable neutral neutral that could neutral neutral your neutral hnegative and neutral you with neutral neutral neutral holds the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral of poatan
neutral if alex hpositive hnegative neutral that positive and positive neutral diminisher hours neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral of the neutral neutral guys neutral the ufc . neutral hpositive neutral to neutral to the neutral dagestani neutral negative negative , negator negative .
neutral masvidal hpositive positive neutral intensifier negative
what neutral neutral neutral
lmao . neutral masvidal neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative ?
jorg positive negative neutral neutral neutral shit
neutral lowkey neutral alex positive neutral izzi neutral would neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive champs and neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier negative to neutral izzi hnegative neutral negative and neutral the neutral . that neutral neutral if alex wins neutral positive positive thi could neutral whittaker 's hpositive to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral gonna neutral negative for neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral brazilians , neutral of which positive negator neutral neutral the ufc anymore , and sean fkin strickland neutral positive the neutral hpositive likeable neutral neutral thi embedded . neutral eug , izzys bro , neutral , neutral , neutral neutral multistop fkin anyon neutral than masvidal and izzi .
neutral negative , neutral the neutral negative neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral ?
masvidal positive negative neutral to neutral neutral the neutral
raul rosas jr and neutral neutral neutral **nothing** positive
intensifier neutral neutral those neutral hpositive neutral to that neutral neutral positive to positive neutral ? neutral positive fuckin neutral
neutral neutral positive jorg neutral neutral neutral . neutral has neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive neutral would neutral neutral neutral hnegative to positive him neutral the neutral . negator intensifier negative neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral .
intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that pikachu neutral neutral intensifier neutral and positive if poatan neutral neutral pokemon neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral positive using neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral .
gynobender positive neutral , hpositive what neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral
neutral hpositive sean intensifier neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
masvidal positive approved for the hnegative neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral .
izzi neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral pokes
positive neutral neutral with that neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive ?
neutral low-key positive positive poatan positive neutral neutral diminisher negative hpositive , neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral hpositive feelings neutral diminisher hpositive than neutral neutral .
strickland neutral to negative neutral izzi neutral & hiding neutral neutral they neutral “ neutral hpositive ” positive strickland neutral of you has positive neutral neutral with hnegative defenses , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and has neutral neutral / neutral fighters neutral neutral occasions and neutral positive negator you bro . neutral hands strickland neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral negator gonna neutral . neutral , the neutral neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral neutral positive with neutral neutral neutral neutral him to the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral could negative neutral neutral positive hpositive .
neutral glover negator positive neutral neutral ?
ngl that neutral positive neutral hpositive
the embedded videos neutral to neutral creating neutral hpositive negative to neutral izzi and jorg knocked neutral .
negative neutral fuck . and positive the neutral neutral glover puts hpositive neutral neutral him lmao
you could positive neutral negative negative has neutral izzi neutral
" izzi , neutral neutral your neutral " - alex
intensifier . neutral positive neutral of feelings hpositive . how neutral hpositive could izzi neutral dure the neutral ?
thi neutral positive positive gonna neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
neutral neutral thi neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral jorg has hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral cares neutral has neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral for the neutral neutral . gil looks shredded and negative to neutral neutral neutral .
thi *individual's* neutral hnegative
what neutral of neutral neutral you neutral him to neutral dure neutral neutral ? positive positive neutral neutral that neutral .
what if ( neutral positive if ) , the cards gets re-shuffled and we neutral neutral neutral neutral masvidal and neutral and burns neutral ponzinibbio multiquestion
positive we neutral neutral positive raul rosas' neutral negative neutral neutral
for those that neutral negator hpositive , izzys neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral nz neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
peoples neutral . neutral hpositive neutral izzys youtube neutral becaus neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive to shit neutral izzi for negative negative neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral things intensifier neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that hes neutral neutral
kicks intensifier . negator hpositive izzys neutral neutral fked neutral diminisher intensifier positive neutral neutral kicks . when you neutral neutral neutral the pads multistop neutral held pads for neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral obsessed neutral neutral kid neutral until neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral years neutral the neutral neutral neutral stretched to neutral positive multistop neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher knocked my neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral my neutral into my neutral . when neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral sounded intensifier positive to that neutral of alex and alex positive kicks hnegative than neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral if you neutral to neutral alex positive neutral positive , chances neutral glover 's neutral aswel .
> neutral your neutral hnegative for intensifier , those neutral openers neutral neutral using neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral fuck . neutral yanked neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive negator positive pez dispensers opened the hnegative neutral .
neutral positive that badass neutral hpositive neutral we neutral hpositive we positive .
neutral wil knockouch you
neutral positive positive neutral has neutral negative negative neutral vibe that positive neutral for him atm . would hpositive to neutral him positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral idk neutral positive neutral positive negator positive negative positive neutral hnegative for him .
neutral neutral girlfriend neutral neutral ? she has to neutral ?
neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive wrestelfucked neutral diminisher hpositive
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the brett neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral things positive negative flaunts positive cars and negative neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier intensifier negative . trashiest neutral neutral the neutral negator neutral .
that positive becaus the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral runs the neutral with negator to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral of neutral hnegative negative to neutral him neutral neutral .
neutral negative hnegative neutral - the neutral neutral for negative neutral
neutral negative neutral of neutral lol
masvidal neutral hnegative
neutral yall negator neutral negative neutral him hnegative how neutral neutral annoys you
the positive neutral intensifier neutral for thi neutral , neutral my hnegative multistop neutral intensifier of neutral goings-on .
criminals hpositive to hang neutral positive .
neutral gets dumber neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral you nerds lmao neutral of the comments neutral neutral him neutral thi neutral that
the negative positive how neutral neutral neutral positive whittaker positive / neutral to neutral against pereira becaus from what neutral neutral neutral , whittaker positive intensifier of neutral neutral neutral than negative neutral neutral . whittaker neutral to for with takedowns against darren neutral , and neutral positive neutral compared to pereira and has negative neutral neutral neutral . and if neutral spams takedowns against pereira , neutral positive neutral asking for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral misreading your neutral , neutral neutral you neutral alex positive negator negative positive neutral ?
neutral negator positive that champions neutral neutral to neutral neutral and we hnegative neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral diminisher positive strickland . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative negative , and positive you neutral videos positive thi where neutral positive the chillest nicest neutral . positive .
those braids positive neutral
neutral neutral positive hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive . shadowrealming neutral , hpositive the askren neutral , and intensifier neutral neutral neutral nate neutral positive . that neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . yrs neutral def neutral negative neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negative if neutral positive neutral cringier than colby
neutral neutral neutral neutral , jorg neutral neutral likeable . the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral the fans neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral losses and neutral limitations neutral neutral neutral neutral terms of neutral with diminisher hnegative . and when jorg positive neutral neutral neutral neutral has negator neutral with , i.e. neutral , diaz , etc . , , neutral seems intensifier fair/objective neutral neutral negative 's strengths and weaknesses . neutral positive neutral neutral / says diminisher intensifier cringey shit .
neutral noticed neutral looked positive neutral neutral the presss neutral , neutral neutral positive thicker , neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral positive defintiely neutral diminisher hpositive neutral to neutral and neutral the negative of alex
neutral positive neutral intensifier negator ped neutral positive positive neutral neutral negator neutral into neutral
neutral neutral izzi neutral should positive hpositive lol
> neutral , the neutral neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral neutral positive with neutral neutral neutral neutral him to the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral could negative neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral tbf that positive positive 'big' of him to neutral neutral with the neutral that neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral .
lol she neutral neutral
neutral positive hnegative the snowman
im neutral to neutral that shit neutral if neutral happens . neutral you ?

positive neutral if neutral loses neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral . although negator neutral neutral intensifier retires and jorg seems positive neutral of those guys .
neutral neutral neutral and hes neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive loses neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral gamebred neutral neutral with neutral jr . neutral neutral gilberts neutral hpositive neutral neutral for him positive - hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral burns positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral fighters would neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral positive neutral of the scarier ones ; neutral neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations thi neutral positive ufc thanking burns for neutral positive . neutral negative if they fuck him neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral matchups
you hnegative neutral joking , neutral neutral positive negative to neutral that raul has neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral 's positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral for them to neutral neutral that neutral neutral where their oldest neutral neutral has neutral intensifier positive neutral
*rosas . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / typing rojas negative for diminisher neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral
that positive hnegative , reminds neutral of diminisher neutral neutral uk hnegative videos haha
neutral the dc&rc neutral , neutral negator " neutral rocked " neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , hnegative the neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral of him neutral rocked with hpositive neutral shots . intensifier neutral neutral diminisher bitter/delusional . neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral that neutral neutral the negative neutral when neutral negator neutral positive that pereira neutral neutral the neutral neutral of him neutral the negative neutral .
neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral alex has intensifier positive neutral neutral intensifier for neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral kicks and they neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral destroying neutral .
hpositive shit neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral she neutral
how neutral you hpositive what neutral neutral hnegative neutral ?
colby 's positive neutral and “ neutral negative ” would positive neutral neutral
neutral wanna neutral you neutral neutral
positive if hpositive
diminisher neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral thi neutral that . neutral neutral those neutral neutral the neutral neutral options neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for him . what neutral that positive neutral you ?
hmmm neutral neutral talks positive colby positive defending jorg , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
where the neutral neutral . yall negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral your litte neutral negative and neutral how neutral you neutral him neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral to neutral neutral negative mt neutral vs hnegative and neutral the neutral . if that neutral negator neutral you hnegative multistop
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral respects izzi for neutral negative positive neutral
neutral neutral alex positive negative positive neutral neutral izzi has neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral , alex positive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral quicker than izzi 's neutral neutral vs
neutral positive neutral neutral . everyon seems to neutral him neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral to positive neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral adds to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of shit , neutral hpositive positive to neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive braids neutral
neutral raul positive hnegative
neutral positive neutral with thi . neutral positive negator negative to neutral neutral . cringey positive intensifier hpositive .
hpositive , neutral volk would neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral into neutral holloway neutral neutral neutral
if you neutral neutral than the neutral neutral poatan positive neutral with positive neutral positive neutral yousri belgaroui neutral positive positive kod neutral poatan neutral . neutral hpositive neutral hpositive that you neutral with guys that neutral you neutral neutral to neutral hpositive .
neutral positive the negative positive neutral that positive negative . alex would neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with and neutral hpositive . strickland 's negative negative positive hpositive negative imo .
neutral positive the popsicle neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral dudes positive than neutral
neutral neutral my shit neutral neutral
intensifier neutral of you
neutral neutral intensifier negative
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier hnegative investments and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive paid to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral has neutral to hnegative neutral neutral , neutral looked negative neutral the neutral neutral if they intensifier neutral neutral .
positive . neutral has neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral that keeps him positive . neutral positive positive we neutral neutral intensifier and intensifier neutral fighters neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive hpositive comments neutral positive neutral and how neutral negative looks . neutral hpositive seems neutral .
neutral neutral with you . neutral intensifier positive burns and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral decimates masvidal
neutral negative . neutral positive hpositive neutral positive that neutral my positive becaus they positive " beefin " neutral the neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that they neutral negator neutral anyth , neutral
neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral frustrated neutral the neutral . hnegative neutral has neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral mentioned that neutral neutral should've neutral neutral neutral becaus of the gastellum neutral and how that played neutral ( which positive neutral when you neutral neutral the neutral gastelum neutral ) . neutral the negative hnegative would neutral izzi neutral neutral negator neutral , alex positive neutral hnegative neutral , hnegative negative etc . neutral positive neutral negator of that . we neutral neutral neutral champions neutral losses intensifier hnegative neutral hpositive and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of fans neutral izzi intensifier neutral neutral clouds judgement . izzi neutral the neutral , neutral believes neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive the negative , that positive neutral .
you hnegative neutral negator neutral , becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " you positive rocked ! " and neutral neutral neutral " neutral , neutral neutral rocked " .
neutral negator negator neutral rocked neutral ? neutral positive neutral positive positive that neutral knows alex rocked him neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral anyth .
neutral neutral with pereira 's hpositive strikes . neutral neutral looks intensifier neutral and hnegative neutral hnegative neutral fighters that neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral positive neutral of the worlds positive strikers .
neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral where neutral intensifier matters and neutral attributes negator intensifier neutral multistop neutral , neutral , neutral etc neutral positive when they neutral breakdowns and neutral where neutral neutral neutral negator neutral things neutral multistop everyon 's hpositive . if neutral neutral neutral neutral haha
neutral , neutral neutral noticed that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral kicks neutral , they neutral neutral of neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator negative becaus they neutral with neutral neutral , neutral neutral looks diminisher neutral , intensifier if you neutral neutral intensifier of muay neutral . could neutral someth with neutral hips , neutral positive you neutral the neutral neutral gets neutral the neutral neutral and neutral hips neutral intensifier intensifier negative , intensifier neutral knows . if neutral neutral , neutral neutral .
nah , that hpositive positive neutral the neutral that neutral positive neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral bro . neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive hpositive
neutral positive positive that neutral has to neutral neutral neutral with you neutral neutral dickriding . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive of you dorks and neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral what jorg neutral neutral says neutral of the neutral ?
ah positive that positive neutral .
gotcha . that positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative guy… neutral positive negator the positive neutral , neutral positive the negative negative neutral if neutral positive the neutral neutral . negator to neutral , strickland positive neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral izzi ? neutral positive hpositive negative that neutral neutral positive neutral positive thi neutral that finishes everyon .
what positive with neutral thi neutral neutral ? your neutral positive ?
would you positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral to colbys neutral hnegative . #rent neutral
hpositive , il neutral neutral to thi neutral hnegative neutral that and apologise neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative . neutral positive positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral wiht results and if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral knows neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral to positive
neutral neutral talks neutral neutral neutral negative to pereira neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral seconds neutral ) , and negative talks him neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral changes neutral neutral neutral negator neutral alex 's fights , sinc neutral explains neutral neutral keeps hnegative to him .
neutral that positive diminisher neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive that alex neutral neutral that neutral , neutral negator intensifier positive what positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral of neutral neutral where you neutral hpositive hnegative the neutral fundamentals for neutral neutral sinc hpositive neutral neutral with neutral limbs positive neutral to hnegative intensifier than neutral . hpositive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the fundamentals / techniques for neutral neutral neutral the neutral and hpositive prioritize neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral that the neutral from neutral those techniques would neutral negative compared to the neutral and neutral of neutral neutral . sorta reminds neutral of positive negative neutral neutral cruz neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and intensifier hpositive neutral to negator neutral neutral to intensifier hnegative neutral and neutral hpositive focused neutral peppering neutral and neutral himself unhitt , neutral if the neutral looks positive neutral could negator neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral neutral fr neutral neutral positive what you neutral lol
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
hmm neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral : neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral that hpositive neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive intensifier negative . izzi positive negator that neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the hpositive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral to hnegative for anyth hnegative of the neutral . neutral neutral negator disagreeing that masvidal could neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . intensifier with how burns positive positive .
what neutral negative neutral from years neutral neutral to neutral with how neutral neutral thi negative ?
neutral neutral “ neutral neutral neutral neutral the fundamentals / techniques for neutral neutral neutral the neutral and hpositive prioritize neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral that the neutral from neutral those techniques would neutral negative compared to the neutral and neutral of neutral neutral ” .
intensifier eh ? innaresting . neutral positive negator gendered where neutral neutral from .
neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral izzi neutral b**** becaus of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral himself has neutral hands and has negator neutral neutral to negative anyon hpositive neutral the ufc . izzi neutral walks ( negator negative neutral ) sean with negative .
neutral you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral you intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral what you neutral positive , positive you neutral positive intensifier positive neutral negative neutral neutral and positive neutral ?
neutral neutral negative neutral matchups and neutral neutral neutral neutral sounds neutral neutral masvidal positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral for burns ( neutral with edwards ) , neutral il neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive . asides the you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations burns wins neutral neutral of my positive neutral 's although neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral the weasle , positive neutral has neutral neutral and uses neutral when neutral neutral / wants to neutral neutral gets neutral with hnegative things talked neutral neutral becaus of neutral hnegative neutral neutral gifts and neutral negative fundamentals becaus of that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral hnegative fighters neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with negator pivoting and neutral with neutral kicks neutral alex positive intensifier intensifier neutral and positive neutral hpositive sends these negative neutral kicks neutral positive blasts you if neutral finds negative neutral , the neutral positive that positive negator neutral positive positive for neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral intensifier negative to themselv neutral neutral checks neutral elbows neutral to their neutral knees positive thiago against neutral neutral alex positive hpositive negative for diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral alex neutral intensifier positive . neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral openings and opportunities . intensifier neutral chances to neutral neutral hands neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral . shows neutral neutral and positive positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive negator neutral of neutral vs neutral positive izzi . negator neutral neutral . that positive negator to positive neutral neutral negator neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator neutral negative to him becaus neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral .
what
yair looked the positive neutral positive neutral looked neutral neutral neutral neutral and volkanovski positive volkanovski . thi positive neutral gonna neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral 's gooooo
neutral freakin neutral
neutral wanna positive alex positive neutral thi positive neutral yair positive the neutral of having that neutral neutral him
volks via neutral neutral
hpositive if neutral positive neutral the neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to oct neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral intensifier to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
we hpositive volk positive positive with craig neutral , neutral positive yair positive neutral neutral with ?
idk neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral yair negative neutral diminisher neutral shit
ariel neutral neutral / / neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral volk wins neutral , yair has neutral hpositive neutral

positive that they neutral thi neutral neutral / jon seems positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral falls neutral and if neutral negator you neutral and to neutral neutral neutral matches neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative . yair neutral should negator neutral for neutral neutral . volks neutral neutral positive negative to thi shit .
yair hits volk with neutral headkick that neutral knocks him positive and makes volk neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the ortega neutral and punches yair 's neutral into the neutral .
neutral neutral thi positive the neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral defending negative neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral negative . neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral thi neutral : * adesanya dec positive neutral marvin vettori . * neutral holloway dec positive neutral frankie neutral . * bj penn subreddit positive neutral kenny florian . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier negative champions neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral , neutral of whom neutral neutral their neutral neutral , neutral they positive negator defending neutral that neutral : * conor mcgregor bounced neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . * tj dillishaw neutral negative and negative positive to peds , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , against cori sandhagen . * amanda nunes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative negative negative neutral she held , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral and that neutral positive negator intensifier neutral . she neutral her neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral cormier , if you negative to neutral him , neutral bounced neutral from the neutral nc with neutral negative neutral neutral finishes neutral neutral divisions .
alex positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral . yair pulls the hnegative
positive neutral to thi neutral . mma neutral neutral , volk destroys yair . neutral - neutral positive negator mma neutral .
volk re-watching the yair neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral hairstyle neutral neutral and neutral hpositive negative neutral chops .
neutral thi neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator negative neutral of those guys to hnegative . would hpositive yair to positive to neutral the subreddit neutral shambles .
neutral neutral has thi changing of neutral neutral , and my neutral neutral says thi positive neutral for volk . neutral positive yair takes thi neutral .
we neutral negator hpositive volk . what negative hpositive neutral
positive could neutral yair negative thi . volk positive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral .
stacked neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
thi neutral positive neutral to neutral negative , lets neutral yair .
> alex volkanovski neutral yair rodríguez positive scheduled for ufc neutral neutral per sources . > negator signed positive neutral everyon positive neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral . tbd neutral what positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral for that neutral hpositive positive .
negative neutral neutral neutral fights for volk and neutral has neutral the neutral neutral
neutral these comments neutral , volk positive neutral to intensifier neutral thi neutral how neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that volk positive hpositive to these mfs‍️‍️
yair via positive and positive hnegative neutral
yair gets neutral neutral thi neutral .
thi positive how volk neutral neutral neutral to neutral divisions . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher months neutral ramadan and volk gets negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive hpositive neutral to my co-worker neutral 'volk positive neutral neutral neutral int neutral neutral against yair' .
volk positive negative neutral negative , hpositive how positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral when the ronald mcdonald of the ufc neutral promised neutral neutral neutral if neutral could neutral yan ?
negative yair neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral which neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral . wins the neutral neutral and neutral " neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral months neutral intensifier "
negative , thi neutral neutral neutral . negator you neutral against the volk . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive positive yair vs frankie positive neutral and neutral neutral hairstyle neutral neutral hpositive positive . yair gonna neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral . gonna neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral thi positive negative hpositive neutral for volkanovski neutral negator neutral yair 's neutral neutral . thi positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral
positive that negative negative for grasso to neutral ? positive schev neutral positive ? neutral would intensifier hpositive to neutral the neutral champs neutral the neutral neutral , neutral mexico , neutral neutral feelings negative negative to positive neutral neutral mexico positive .
volk positive negative neutral intensifier neutral , neutral multistop hpositive thi neutral , negator neutral to neutral him neutral neutral . volkanovski positive negator my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral hpositive
yair looked hpositive neutral neutral neutral against emmett neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral seems neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive slower guys . volk positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral yair neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral volk neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral finishes neutral from emmett ( negator neutral ortegas neutral hnegative ) positive kz and bj penn… and that neutral positive years neutral . neutral thi positive neutral hpositive neutral for volk imo
neutral volk neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral , thi should neutral neutral neutral .
gonna neutral intensifier neutral for makhachev positive volk loses . neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral negative . having your positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier destroyed neutral jon neutral .
volkanovski positive neutral the " starving children neutral africa " negative neutral neutral tries to hnegative neutral that neutral neutral
hpositive keeps neutral
yairs positive the tricks neutral volk positive positive .
positive !
yair looks hpositive than holloway neutral positive neutral legit positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive when neutral talks neutral hpositive how damaging yair positive neutral fights , neutral makes neutral hnegative to neutral anyon neutral negative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral him . hnegative of neutral wins neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of negative
volk positive which seems neutral neutral .
neutral 's neutral , neutral pantera !
how positive the neutral negator neutral mexico
alex neutral positive . neutral
those neutral canadians neutral gonna neutral neutral nunes neutral neutral neutral negator they ?
neutral intensifier yair negator neutral yair and neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
yair positive negative neutral wildcard neutral negative positive negative neutral . neutral that , volk neutral ortega 's chokes and neutral with holloway for rounds neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral shit from the neutral of the neutral neutral the looks of things .
neutral neutral negator neutral what yair has for volk neutral of diminisher pettis / wonderboy shit neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started neutral " hardcore " neutral neutral ufc neutral positive negative that we neutral neutral neutral ufc
yair positive gonna neutral neutral for rounds , neutral volk positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral and neutral himself
neutral neutral neutral hoping thi would neutral neutral calgary
negative !
yair gets neutral neutral intensifier . yair neutral rocked neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . volk neutral tkz intensifier hnegative neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral hpositive mma neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral volk positive neutral to negative and steamroll yair . neutral neutral volk neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral volk intensifier the bookies neutral neutral bettors neutral to neutral .
volk neutral intensifier neutral fundamentals neutral yair positive neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier could neutral fireworks . neutral negative neutral neutral volk positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral volk positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral for yair neutral neutral trains with intensifier neutral hpositive kickers , neutral neutral negator neutral yair neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral . and neutral neutral the neutral to volk neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral . yair could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
volk via ud , alot of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
yair looked intensifier hnegative against emmett and volk neutral brings neutral . thi positive gonna neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral until neutral positive negator . volk / neutral
neutral positive neutral negative positive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to positive for yair
yair neutral has that neutral neutral becaus of the negative shit neutral throws . hoping volk has neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral if neutral beats holloway . neutral , neutral that neutral neutral defenses , neutral would hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral
watcha gonna neutral yair when neutral the volkamaniacs neutral negative neutral you !
neutral neutral vs
how neutral we hpositive ? becaus neutral negative neutral intensifier !
neutral positive negator hnegative volk neutral . positive neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive thi neutral volkov and wondered how yair neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for volk imo , shit if anyth yair positive negator and negator neutral negative hpositive neutral to neutral with .
hpositive ! neutral neutral hpositive the ufc . neutral neutral positive neutral when neutral positive neutral gets announced !
my negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive it…
positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral yair negative unless volkanovski blows neutral knees neutral neutral someth
neutral neutral neutral with yair neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral noticed neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive positive loses neutral the neutral neutral to negative hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral positive negative usman vs neutral vibe to thi ?
neutral negator neutral yair negative . neutral chances . neutral has struggled against hpositive strikers with neutral hands , intensifier of negative , controlling the neutral . volk positive positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral the positive of ufc . anyth could neutral neutral neutral would you neutral neutral tko neutral neutral neutral . yair positive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral intensifier . positive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral
yair positive neutral to neutral volk into neutral neutral .
volk should neutral him neutral the neutral and neutral to neutral positive , neutral yair positive neutral af and positive the neutral neutral standup neutral intensifier you neutral negator neutral him neutral . neutral could neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral . volk 's neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral we neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive hittabl and yair neutral neutral anyon with the neutral negative . hpositive yair could neutral hpositive positive with the ortega neutral , negative neutral negator hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral yair hpositive to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral thi positive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral hpositive my neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral for volkie .
neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive volk
negator the neutral neutral wanted to neutral . neutral positive volk neutral neutral and neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral . volk neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator positive neutral neutral what positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
yair struggled with neutral 's neutral and neutral neutral to positive neutral whenev neutral started neutral positive . volk positive negator gonna neutral that neutral .
hpositive for yair neutral alex positive positive neutral
negator neutral positive volk neutral ko'd . negator positive neutral neutral
neutral thi positive volks toughest matchup . intensifier negator neutral him neutral yair neutral standup and yair 's to neutral of neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral we hnegative neutral neutral neutral “ and positive ” hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive yair . hpositive volk neutral intensifier .
neutral positive positive thi positive the neutral of negative neutral for volk , hnegative neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive gonna neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral volk neutral thi and that , whittaker has neutral neutral neutral when you neutral neutral positive izzi neutral yair you hpositive neutral negator hpositive where the neutral positive neutral from and you positive negator neutral neutral neutral negator negative for neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive , neutral positive thi positive the neutral .
booooooring
yair looked neutral , neutral emett neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . if emett neutral neutral that positive you neutral positive to hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral volk positive neutral positive to positive hpositive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral to that the neutral that volk positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to hnegative yairs neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive volk , yair positive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral seems neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral . yair neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the emmett neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier punches . volk neutral positive rocked neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than neutral
yair could negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral for him
neutral looked hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative matchup for emmett , neutral positive prbly neutral to fights neutral from neutral . volk positive neutral hnegative matchup for everyon .
neutral neutral volk positive positive intensifier positive tbh
neutral inc
volk neutral to neutral neutral positive / neutral positive neutral to neutral / neutral yair against the neutral and neutral him neutral neutral . neutral to neutral positive to neutral if yair neutral negative him with kicks neutral and positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral def negator picking against volk neutral neutral yair positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral and volk positive hasn't intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral aldo and neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral volk gets hpositive takedowns neutral
alex should positive , neutral yair has positive neutral intensifier buzzsaw . neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral diminisher bucks neutral yair neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral volk should positive .
yair positive positive hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral volkanovski 's neutral iq positive neutral of the greatest neutral . neutral positive negative studying neutral opponents and neutral adjustments .
volk positive neutral to neutral him the frankie positive neutral and neutral neutral hairstyle hnegative
volk positive neutral the neutral of and neutral neutral and negative positive neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral playing neutral neutral negator negative how hpositive you neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral thi neutral positive intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral volks neutral if neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive .
> neutral yair positive the neutral of having that neutral neutral him that positive intensifier volk , neutral . if that positive yair 's positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral volk 's .
neutral hpositive negator positive that yair/edgar neutral and with volk 's neutral neutral positive hnegative for neutral to negator neutral him neutral the neutral neutral to yair . yair has positive neutral intensifier hpositive sinc positive , neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral frankie and thi neutral of volk positive neutral 's hpositive than that neutral of frankie neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative that gives volk negative neutral . neutral what neutral showed against neutral neutral looks negative
neutral neutral positive to neutral yair into neutral waters with neutral cardio , you negator neutral that hpositive neutral for rounds negator slowing positive . and neutral neutral positive to neutral positive and neutral positive yair , volk 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral 's .
you neutral intensifier ? neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral when frankie positive neutral and neutral neutral hairstyle and kz neutral neutral neutral him
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral and volk neutral to neutral their positive divisions neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral contenders neutral awaiting their neutral moves positive the neutral of oliveira vs dariush
neutral neutral negator neutral volk should neutral positive to neutral negative neutral neutral the lw neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral lw neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral from neutral . intensifier hpositive they would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc that should neutral neutral him neutral to neutral and neutral for the abu dhabi neutral . neutral with khamzat neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral months neutral . khamzat neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral when neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier negative .
fuck neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
rener gracie
volk neutral wrestlefuck… holloway positive to neutral to neutral and neutral having negative succes . volk positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier if neutral positive neutral outclassed neutral the feet neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive .
neutral
negator neutral
neutral usman hnegative to neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral dominating everyon for years has neutral neutral diminisher neutral . alex 's positive neutral for years neutral against neutral neutral .
neutral positive the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral yair has neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative positive neutral . neutral looked hnegative against negative
neutral neutral to neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral hpositive neutral jon neutral the neutral of pavlovich - blaydes , neutral intensifier positive matchup and the timeline makes positive , neutral to neutral positive weeks to neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral of the positive negative fights neutral … anyth diminisher would positive neutral
yair gets smushed into positive . neutral neutral neutral yair with from takedowns and minutes neutral neutral .
volk positive gonna neutral yairs neutral positive neutral positive stepdad
and yair 's neutral knees , neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral and neutral managed to neutral neutral neutral neutral when volk neutral neutral for neutral combinations neutral positive neutral intensifier of hnegative
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral vegas
what neutral positive neutral ? kumaru neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral the lights , izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral the neutral , and volk neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral bee-yach .
yair neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral when volk neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral positive neutral placeholder neutral for the neutral neutral when neutral positive expected neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral . neutral my hnegative neutral neutral diminisher negative to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral if volk positive positive neutral , neutral would neutral negative to neutral positive intensifier neutral would neutral neutral positive . volk positive the intensifier and hpositive neutral neutral yair 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral gets the neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive negator neutral volk hnegative positive neutral
tbf neutral neutral hits positive neutral intensifier positive , neutral neutral accounts yair has neutral neutral neutral . neutral and neutral neutral their neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral intensifier hnegative yair neutral the feet
neutral the neutral neutral , volk positive dropped neutral hpositive vs neutral and neutral . if volk struggles neutral neutral neutral them , positive neutral neutral neutral / neutral / neutral neutral yair positive neutral volk neutral neutral intensifier of negative . neutral neutral takes positive neutral !
what neutral you neutral " if emmett neutral neutral that ? " . rofl , neutral positive neutral hpositive figther neutral hits hnegative neutral negative .
neutral neutral emett hits neutral hnegative
emmett intensifier neutral yair 's neutral multiquestion neutral neutral negator neutral emmett neutral anyth positive
neutral neutral that the neutral neutral neutral of volk for neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . diminisher neutral neutral = diminisher neutral negative ?
neutral would positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral yair positive gonna neutral punished , the frankie neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral my positive
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations yair improves neutral tdd . neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive to how neutral / yair looked . yair neutral neutral hpositive than expected and neutral neutral rises , neutral volk wins neutral positive ud
neutral neutral expecting to volk to neutral him to neutral him neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive hnegative for him to neutral , neutral , and neutral for takedowns . yair positive hnegative neutral and volk neutral to neutral neutral for knees and neutral kicks neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how that positive negator neutral intensifier negative hnegative . neutral positive negator positive yair has neutral positive improved tdd sinc positive - neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of takedowns against him . and volk has neutral negative of hpositive neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to when the matchup dictates .
neutral looked neutral against neutral , you intensifier neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral the neutral months ?
neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral to mayyyybe years neutral neutral we neutral neutral positive hnegative
neutral seems that neutral , neutral if neutral positive anyth you neutral neutral mma neutral positive that negator neutral positive negative . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
the deepest of wadders
neutral neutral you gotta neutral neutral that yair positive neutral negator neutral into that neutral expecting neutral of neutral neutral to neutral him .
pulling neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive positive neutral neutral negator neutral having “ that neutral ” ?
positive neutral neutral neutral for minutes neutral neutral neutral your negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive the neutral of having that neutral neutral you multiquestion
neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral ? that neutral the hnegative neutral of him negator neutral neutral lmao . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of negative and neutral hnegative sorta intensifier neutral neutral rallied to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral that neutral when neutral knocked kz the fuck neutral
positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
if neutral beats neutral positive you neutral positive to neutral neutral positive neutral him vs volk neutral . if neutral wins positive you neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral of stagnates .
neutral says neutral intensifier of things
neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diff div . positive negative stacked to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral has to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral izzi would neutral neutral positive to positive for that neutral neutral . neutral shev should neutral neutral positive
neutral . neutral dariush neutral would diminisher neutral neutral neutral than neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral that the neutral of gaethje poirer gets their neutral
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral dominating your neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral shots neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral volks positive , if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive against yair , neutral neutral negator neutral the ufc gives him neutral neutral neutral lw unless neutral positive moves neutral .
intensifier ? neutral positive ortega trains with rener ?
ouch neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral looked hnegative against emmett ? that positive positive positive neutral positive neutral looked neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral subbed him
what neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive . how positive you positive to neutral neutral that neutral ?
neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral , positive intensifier neutral neutral shit . neutral neutral intensifier impressed yair dismantled him . negative the lines neutral thi positive neutral positive sinc volk positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral for hnegative . neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral yair neutral to neutral volk neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral volk neutral neutral . fingers neutral negator pulls neutral and they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator yair positive neutral neutral negator neutral anyth from positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral into that neutral ?
the intensifier hnegative neutral positive that volk hits neutral neutral than neutral those guys . and positive hits hnegative than neutral . volk positive neutral negative
positive neutral the hardest hitting when neutral hits neutral they neutral negator fuckin neutral !
neutral neutral positive of yair neutral neutral hnegative , positive neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral to contend for the neutral . and neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral has held neutral intensifier neutral and neutral positive wrecked diminisher neutral names . neutral positive neutral surprised if neutral wins neutral neutral intensifier if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of that neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral him neutral .
neutral has hnegative neutral hands neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hits hnegative than of fws . and volk positive dropped neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral intensifier neutral and neutral recovered from neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral volk neutral neutral rocked neutral . neutral . neutral neutral neutral , hpositive negative to neutral those neutral fights neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral the emmit neutral yair neutral . positive neutral neutral would negative yair . sinc neutral neutral neutral accounts neutral neutral neutral , negative negative neutral how volk would positive . albeit neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral than emmit . from where neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral yair positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral than neutral and neutral positive hpositive neutral using neutral neutral ( if for negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral him picking volk hnegative neutral neutral and punishing with elbows neutral the neutral . neutral if anyon positive positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral positive volk multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral yairs positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative him .
neutral positive negative positive neutral and neutral . you negator intensifier hpositive him to yair .
yair neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral emett neutral neutral neutral .
feels positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral should positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral seems positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral volk positive negative hnegative for that shit positive holloway neutral neutral neutral neutral yair .
yair has looked hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative fights
woodley looked neutral positive neutral neutral my hnegative vs neutral and hpositive months neutral neutral looked neutral vs usman and negator neutral neutral you intensifier negator hpositive
tbf , that positive neutral for neutral fighters . they neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral when they neutral to neutral neutral positive . negator neutral that positive the neutral with volk , neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral negative hnegative if neutral struggled with neutral neutral having neutral to and negator neutral positive to neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral of nunes 's struggles neutral the neutral pena neutral positive positive to neutral neutral positive to
neutral positive positive the neutral for that neutral . neutral positive neutral him the neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral anyth diminisher than neutral positive . neutral : neutral 's has him neutral lol .
if neutral positive neutral , negator neutral multistop neutral if neutral positive negator neutral multistop diminisher to neutral with neutral and intensifier to neutral with hnegative of bones & ligaments ( neutral 's negative hpositive positive wrinkles ) . the neutral that neutral neutral your hpositive and neutral positive negative .
neutral him the x-ray meme multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral with seconds neutral
neutral neutral
volk holloway multiquestion
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral holloway neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator negative the neutral neutral sinc volk and neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative shit neutral steroids
neutral , shev hpositive neutral intensifier neutral .
positive neutral positive positive to neutral volk vs the neutral of porier/gaethje intensifier than anyth
lol , intensifier if neutral wins neutral oct against neutral of neutral & neutral , neutral neutral should positive for neutral ? what neutral of neutral neutral we neutral ?
becaus neutral neutral neutral lw for neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral lw
neutral neutral neutral hnegative . diminisher diminisher of neutral neutral rener neutral neutral , and craig neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral directs neutral rener
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral my hnegative that emmett looked intensifier neutral . negator we neutral from yair that neutral would hpositive anyon neutral their positive neutral him vs volk . neutral neutral hpositive neutral
re-read my neutral neutral .
neutral has neutral neutral hpositive neutral . and the neutral neutral of neutral negative
>emmet positive neutral positive neutral neutral , positive intensifier neutral neutral shit . neutral hpositive positive motherfucker
> and positive hits hnegative than neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral emmett carries neutral intensifier you negator intensifier hpositive the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that positive negative positive . kz neutral negative neutral of the neutral neutral yair positive neutral moments…especially the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral
neutral neutral gonna neutral positive neutral nerd neutral neutral the judges negative neutral to yair lol
the neutral neutral neutral kz and neutral neutral positive neutral kz . if you neutral kz hpositive neutral neutral yair you neutral negator neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral positive the / neutral ?
neutral dropped him with negative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral haha .
hnegative , neutral hands neutral heavier than neutral fw , neutral yairs neutral shots neutral negator punches . neutral throws negative kicks and elbows , which neutral neutral to hnegative neutral intensifier neutral than punches neutral with the neutral hnegative
yair kicks hnegative than neutral of these guys multistop and neutral positive neutral negative fw . that neutral neutral him with neutral neutral neutral positive the positive multistop
neutral neutral dropped him with negative neutral neutral
volk positive dropped neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral neutral if iirc . neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral .
neutral positive dropped neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive my positive positive , yair throws diminisher neutral shit . neutral positive hpositive positive to hnegative neutral neutral , intensifier how positive volk neutral username neutral when neutral positive gets neutral neutral negative neutral neutral from neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral someth hnegative positive that ? neutral says neutral neutral positive . hpositive for him neutral has hnegative neutral , neutral positive yair neutral him intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral hpositive to neutral ?
that neutral neutral intensifier reaffirmed neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral lmao
neutral if t-city negator subreddit him neutral neutral negator neutral yair neutral neutral . hnegative , you negator intensifier hpositive haha .
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive , neutral with the sneakiest combos . neutral neutral > cte hpositive negative > neutral / neutral negative usada > hnegative neutral positive combos
volk positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive woodley neutral multistop if anyth neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive from neutral to yair
woodley neutral positive neutral neutral
how you gonna hpositive neutral - usman to neutral - yair ?
'natural'
everyon positive hpositive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . until volk has neutral slower positive positive dustin neutral vs neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the volk neutral .
neutral and neutral positive for neutral negative positive positive the neutral of neutral dawg neutral .
neutral negator neutral to neutral what you neutral neutral to positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral managing to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive positive what having neutral neutral neutral you positive
neutral neutral we neutral to hpositive neutral .
negator positive . the neutral neutral outcomes neutral volk negative neutral volk holloway and neutral hpositive neutral negator negative that
neutral neutral neutral volk has levelled neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . they positive intensifier neutral when they neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral , volk neutral diminisher quicker neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral they positive hpositive neutral
volk starches neutral neutral the thi neutral
iv neutral negator steroids
>maybe neutral should positive for neutral neutral suggested that neutral usman vs edwards and the neutral neutral neutral neutral hes neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative that neutral positive the neutral of neutral for neutral ts when neutral " hpositive neutral to neutral fw " lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . i.e. if neutral beats yair , neutral beats neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral makes neutral positive for neutral neutral the neutral
positive for the neutral . intensifier neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral becaus neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral with neutral hpositive hpositive neutral the neutral and unless yairs kicks neutral neutral positive fucked .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . how you positive neutral neutral hnegative to neutral freddi neutral neutral positive ?
nerd neutral neutral
they released neutral cards ?
neutral , hpositive robbed neutral neutral for neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive neutral diminisher neutral him neutral .
neutral intensifier hnegative neutral catches negative hnegative negative neutral positive volk with neutral neutral neutral
talkin neutral cha neutral mendes neutral multiquestion
my neutral says volk , neutral the negative says yair . positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
woodley neutral negative hnegative neutral diminisher books to neutral and abconsidtent positive neutral usman . negative neutral positive we hpositive negator intensifier hpositive . tons of positive neutral positive neutral marching neutral neutral if yair wins neutral " what neutral you neutral from neutral neutral positive dropped neutral neutral neutral neutral ko'd neutral adriano martins " and positive neutral neutral neutral how yair neutral emmett and how emmett positive volk neutral neutral diminisher shit becaus they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral gonna neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral of the negative positive if yair wins neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral if volk looks hnegative . neutral mma neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral . volk neutral neutral tf neutral wants btw
neutral negator you hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral seems positive neutral negative neutral positive franci to neutral . neutral positive neutral positive positive , neutral you negator intensifier hpositive
we neutral positive into neutral
would neutral neutral that positive if neutral neutral neutral neutral
which intensifier neutral neutral to neutral hpositive lol
that neutral neutral neutral lw . the neutral of charles-dariush and porier-gaethje neutral hpositive neutral shots neutral him
neutral positive that neutral . bjj positive neutral neutral wwe / mma levels of neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral that matters ( neutral hpositive tyson 's neutral neutral neutral )
realized neutral neutral neutral that your neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral valintina , negator neutral neutral neutral from years neutral .

neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral with neutral kicks ) and neutral neutral managed to hnegative him . intensifier hnegative neutral neutral negative dropped him with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . if neutral mf neutral hnegative volk , neutral positive him , neutral neutral neutral volk neutral neutral and neutral neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral where volk intensifier has neutral positive neutral neutral to positive .
til yair hasn't positive neutral negative vets
neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive we hpositive usman neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than neutral of them , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
you neutral woodley neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral and with usman neutral looked neutral multistop you neutral that neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral alex looked neutral against neutral . sounds positive intensifier of hpositive you neutral negative with neutral .
positive tittysanya ?
positive neutral that hpositive negative neutral neutral that positive neutral him neutral neutral and neutral cardio neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral what ?
neutral positive positive neutral wanted to neutral my positive for years neutral . neutral : neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive
yair positive negator the neutral that neutral neutral with volk that positive positive neutral neutral . yair neutral neutral these positive kicks against neutral boxers that neutral toward him neutral , that positive negator volk . yair positive neutral to neutral neutral with neutral gameplan of positive points with hnegative neutral kicks and neutral kicks neutral neutral to neutral 's volk 's neutral with neutral positive . neutral positive negator neutral to negative hnegative with neutral knees and neutral attacks . neutral positive neutral hnegative gameplan neutral hpositive neutral volk positive negative positive negative for yair to neutral that hnegative .
we neutral neutral " neutral the neutral " for ysir lmao
neutral , asada , and ali
> asada carne asada positive negator hpositive , neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral the photoshop neutral positive neutral positive neutral from the wwe neutral
neutral neutral the ufc putting neutral diminisher intensifier neutral into neutral of these for neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral of hnegative versu funkadactyl
positive ufc neutral neutral
negative of hpositive posters neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they managed to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral .
neutral negative cejudo 's negative neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
lol neutral neutral neutral neutral bothered that dariush neutral thi neutral . and that the ufc neutral neutral .
neutral neutral cejudos neutral neutral intensifier neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral wins neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral beneil sleeps him
neutral positive the neutral positive negator neutral . ufc released neutral neutral that positive negator the neutral neutral and cheapest neutral neutral .
neutral nooo oliveira
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations chucki reverts neutral to neutral neutral neutral
cringiest motherfucker neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral , t-t-terrible neutral photoshopping that neutral onto cejudo . neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral positive positive , neutral positive negative negator the neutral .
neutral with the lightskin neutral lmao
intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral negative thi and the onefc neutral , negative neutral negative
negative to neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral !
intensifier hpositive neutral , ufc has positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations cejudo positive neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations cejudo gets hpositive ppv numbers
the neutral
intensifier hnegative ccc has the largest neutral to neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral of the wwe neutral positive the ufc neutral hpositive neutral promo
cejudo cejudo . negator neutral
if beneil negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi we dhould neutral boicot ufc
they should hpositive dariush and oliveira neutral neutral neutral
cejudo 's neutral neutral lol
positive intensifier hpositive
you know… . if neutral neutral hpositive negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral and balls . if neutral neutral to neutral hpositive negative , neutral 's neutral positive where aljo 's neutral would neutral . these neutral designers neutral neutral neutral disney neutral neutral !
looks intensifier hpositive neutral neutral that cejudo neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
cejudo vs cejudo positive gonna neutral neutral
what neutral shit neutral
woooo thi neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral you hnegative if ufc started fanart neutral neutral . neutral neutral gets neutral tickets to neutral their neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral what neutral cejudo that trains with dj neutral neutral
nj neutral neutral
positive , these positive ufc neutral posters neutral hpositive
olivera and dariush hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive .
negative multiexclamation neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral ! neutral you neutral that neutral positive neutral ufc neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral for oliveira vs dariush
oliveira dariush positive negative neutral neutral neutral to hpositive . intensifier negative
neutral neutral
makes neutral neutral positive the neutral , negator aljo .
thi neutral makes cejudo neutral positive neutral positive feet tall… multistop wait…
neutral neutral neutral
neutral gets neutral neutral neutral , dariush neutral what positive neutral neutral ?
neutral positive thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive compared to the neutral neutral intensifier neutral proportions neutral hnegative . cejudos neutral looks jank af and beniel looks to neutral neutral the negative of neutral neutral neutral pecs neutral . neutral neutral pecs neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral seems positive neutral positive neutral neutral knees neutral to the neutral neutral olives neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral . positive chuckys neutral positive neutral dariushs bicep and their shoulders neutral hpositive negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral looks negative neutral positive the intensifier you neutral the intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral gets negative . neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral crazier the intensifier neutral looked neutral thi neutral hnegative
ufc positive negative neutral
negator they hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral of the org to neutral posters ? neutral neutral thi positive hnegative , neutral neutral feelings the neutral neutral neutral the neutral
intensifier thi neutral positive the neutral y'all positive ? neutral neutral neutral positive ufc neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive thi neutral haha
when neutral the neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ppv ? neutral neutral cejudo vs moraes ? feelings positive neutral neutral neutral
hnegative
neutral neutral neutral loved neutral negative and negative neutral neutral .
someth neutral neutral cejudos proportions hpositive negator neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral of hnegative wipes the neutral with aljo
neutral gotta neutral neutral to faneto neutral positive neutral
positive oliveira neutral dariush gonna neutral neutral
neutral and neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral to negative neutral their neutral returns . negative how positive oliveira positive , they could neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for the negative neutral .
neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral my boys . neutral negative to neutral neutral of them hnegative neutral neutral neutral chucki positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and intensifier it'd neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral , thi positive neutral diminisher weeks neutral multistop ? neutral positive contracts positive negator signed with cejudo and aljo ?
neutral positive that cejudo takes the neutral .
daruish positive neutral to hpositive hpositive neutral neutral of oliveira
cejudo vs . cejudo
neutral . neutral to neutral neutral co neutral
looks positive alho neutral himself cejudo neutral neutral signings for fans and neutral neutral versu charli neutral neutral neutral
daruish should of hnegative neutral that neutral neutral neutral gonna hnegative neutral neutral to chucki
neutral negative cejudo has negative neutral .
neutral neutral that negative dumbass hnegative neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . hnegative neutral .
thi neutral positive interests neutral . neutral neutral aljo positive negative hpositive and cejudo positive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative charli olives positive neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral dariush positive neutral neutral . thi hnegative neutral neutral the the ppv positive neutral neutral positive .
thi positive gonna neutral the neutral beneil neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral could neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative to neutral how neutral performs
looks positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral boys ‍️
the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive looks positive oliviera vs dariush positive neutral followed neutral neutral neutral performances lol .

where positive thi neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations dariush positive ️️️️️️
hnegative ppv of the neutral
hpositive neutral . cejudo 's neutral neutral positive negator diminisher positive neutral , neutral hnegative than that neutral positive neutral .
everyon positive neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral positive bothering neutral . neutral neutral aljo 's neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral for the negative of neutral neutral ? cejudo 's neutral neutral looks neutral diminisher positive and hnegative .
neutral positive hpositive , neutral negator intensifier positive neutral anyth . neutral positive the hnegative positive of neutral
neutral neutral they neutral ccc hasbullah neutral lol
where positive eric albarracin ? neutral positive neutral with ccc

that positive neutral .
cejudo 's hands diminisher neutral neutral to neutral
aljo positive cringier than cejudo
lowkey the neutral negative ones neutral positive hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
eh neutral negator neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral , looked positive " cejudo neutral cejudo "
neutral edwards vs colby neutral with negative usman neutral
what you neutral negator positive guys neutral neutral neutral to hang with the homies ? neutral neutral
positive ol' messican neutral neutral and neutral .
if neutral wins thi neutral positive intensifier negator neutral against him neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral the ufc neutral anymore neutral could positive neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral would negator neutral surprised
if neutral loses thi neutral neutral positive fucked . negator gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral sucks . neutral neutral hoping dariush neutral neutral with neutral positive and diminisher / negator negative intensifier we neutral neutral neutral vs dariush diminisher neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral seems hnegative
they positive him hpositive positive they neutral neutral belal
neutral has hpositive positive vs gamrot . that positive neutral . and intensifier neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral of neutral negator brainer from neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral dariush and olives positive my favourite , intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative .
hpositive , neutral bothered
neutral you negator negative to neutral positive fights neutral someth ?
that positive usman 's neutral
you hpositive cejudo positive neutral neutral ?
neutral positive positive neutral neutral
you neutral negator neutral internet negative neutral you neutral neutral ?
shavkat has neutral bigfoot neutral neutral neutral
benavidez
gastelum would positive neutral neutral
neutral shavkat neutral him neutral
my thoughts positive multistop neutral positive positive that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive multistop neutral neutral they positive positive neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral multistop
neutral positive the intensifier neutral
how neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral thi neutral lol ?
volk positive intensifier neutral neutral hpositive subreddit neutral neutral neutral gets neutral negative for neutral . to positive the positive to neutral negative
what tf neutral you neutral , the ufc and mma neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral terms of viewership for diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive aljo neutral you mentioned aljo lmao
cejudo looks positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral with negative neutral hnegative .
neutral becaus they neutral usman 's hpositive
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that hpositive neutral neutral hnegative . and how they neutral neutral the negative neutral multistop neutral diminisher neutral neutral
neutral neutral looks hpositive , neutral neutral negator hnegative the neutral , neutral neutral would positive neutral hpositive negator neutral .
cejuda looks neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral .
neutral negator negative how the hpositive looks lol
photoshopped fer sher
they neutral debuting the positive gloves negative ! neutral neutral they neutral negative neutral neutral and cejudos hpositive positive neutral neutral
they shoulda neutral neutral hnegative flexing negative neutral positive neutral for
neutral positive positive jon jones' hpositive photoshopped onto cejudo
looks positive derick neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral you neutral cejudo cejudo
thi hnegative neutral the wildest mma neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive the cringiest neutral positive
neutral positive hpositive of their neutral neutral neutral multistop for intensifier , how neutral you gonna neutral hpositive artists and neutral neutral them ?
cejudo vs cejudo has positive the intensifier neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier wanted yair to neutral the usman neutral neutral the volk neutral neutral
rey mysterio positive challenging neutral
neutral could neutral negative hnegative neutral the neutral .
neutral
positive hpositive diminisher negator negative ourselv of neutral vs dariush , which positive the neutral positive matchup for the neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral that could positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral spoilers and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
volk neutral negator neutral positive cejudo neutral neutral that positive the hnegative intensifier of hpositive . whenev cejudo talks neutral hpositive reminds you neutral positive neutral
zzzzzzz
neutral looks positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral hnegative battles of neutral neutral
hahaha
neutral looks positive neutral neutral .
negator positive intensifier cringier than neutral " neutral neutral my shit neutral ! "
neutral neutral has the hnegative hnegative . aljo has the intensifier / hnegative hnegative .
neutral feelings positive cejudo positive acknowledging and neutral with the hnegative neutral . self-aware hnegative positive intensifier neutral intensifier positive than hnegative negative .
colby positive
cringiest neutral positive positive positive the kid neutral neutral to neutral with named neutral mccloud neutral called himself neutral neutral of neutral and has neutral youtube neutral of neutral neutral views of him neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ahh kid
neutral they positive neutral positive their neutral neutral ? bruv
“ neutral , beneil has neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral rey positive neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral when neutral looked that hpositive . hpositive the masks neutral hpositive merch ”
neutral johnson .
aljo positive knows what neutral positive neutral and neutral positive my positive neutral neutral him . neutral fortnite danced neutral neutral the doubters hnegative and neutral neutral neutral would neutral the positive of the mma neutral .
nah , neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive pretending to neutral hnegative if you neutral negator positive negator negative ? if anyth neutral neutral hnegative negative
neutral positive that
usman positive positive intensifier hnegative than colby
that positive neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral
hey neutral . they gotta hpositive hnegative their neutral neutral neutral from positive , negator roids . / neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral against aljo becaus we negative neutral neutral that positive neutral anybodi , anytime .
neutral fuck that kid neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive hnegative videos of him neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral how neutral neutral youtube positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive the hnegative
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral with ls neutral the internet for antagonizing neutral . gotta neutral if you neutral neutral into that neutral fights and hnegative intensifier gotta neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral with the kid neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral positive positive charli zelenoff .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral you
you neutral neutral thinks neutral that neutral to the neutral that racked neutral neutral neutral views , , idk neutral you intensifier positive intensifier of hpositive neutral positive neutral pos neutral harasses neutral . you positive neutral the neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral to harassing women and peoples girlfriends .
" neutral neutral neutral adesanya " neutral looks intensifier neutral , neutral . neutral hpositive positive neutral that that positive what neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative positive usman neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative negative to neutral neutral .
*shook* - the negative neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral hnegative **three loses** , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral your neutral *didnt negative this* neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral ! positive positive neutral neutral surprised to neutral pereira vs izzi neutral embedded , negator positive they neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier negative
neutral neutral negator heard the neutral bareman neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral prioritizes neutral positive neutral everyth ( for hpositive neutral negative neutral what neutral to him ) . neutral neutral neutral of positive izzi to neutral and positive intensifier .
im negator hnegative the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral seems intensifier positive for neutral neutral neutral loses neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral neutral . the neutral ones neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral mma neutral gsp and amanda nunes ( im hnegative neutral neutral others ) . the neutral that neutral the hnegative neutral positive neutral .
negator hpositive neutral neutral izzi positive hnegative neutral neutral
neutral thi neutral bareman says neutral changed neutral positive
if that positive hpositive , positive the issues neutral ckb neutral negator neutral positive and neutral positive negator positive hpositive for izzi
neutral adesanya positive hpositive shocked to neutral thi info multistop neutral neutral neutral eyes
" what neutral you neutral neutral thi neutral ? " " neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral him . " lol .
neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . pereira neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral bareman neutral neutral intensifier neutral with neutral neutral . negator neutral from neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive & positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral adesanya keeps positive to alex neutral the neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral to neutral that shit neutral . and thi positive negator neutral intensifier of neutral to positive hnegative the holes and hpositive the adjustments neutral neutral to hpositive . adesanya has positive neutral for intensifier neutral that to hpositive neutral positive adjustments to neutral neutral neutral takes neutral heck of neutral intensifier neutral than what neutral positive negative himself . hnegative neutral positive positive adesanya 's hpositive positive neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral positive neutral himself the positive hpositive neutral could .
mma reporters neutral positive to neutral positive points and neutral them into the neutral hnegative questions . " what neutral into accepting negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral hnegative ? " would've positive neutral intensifier intensifier of neutral positive neutral than " what neutral you neutral neutral thi neutral ? "
intensifier multistop neutral positive looks bothered neutral that . neutral hpositive if neutral positive negative with neutral neutral
" neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral him . " neutral neutral positive asking you . neutral hpositive neutral you that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral with the neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral shocked , hpositive hpositive of the neutral neutral neutral neutral misquoting neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher quicker that what they positive wanted . which neutral has neutral neutral . neutral fuckers neutral to hpositive neutral positive positive neutral thinks neutral positive negator negative !
neutral seems positive hnegative for thi neutral . neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral positive negative negative . neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of thi neutral . negator negative to neutral neutral positive to the neutral of neutral neutral , negative neutral loses
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that surprised , they positive diminisher neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral
" idk neutral him " neutral " neutral , what neutral adesanya neutral neutral the neutral you neutral ? " lmao
thi negator neutral my positive until neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral positive positive neutral with poaton . neutral would negator you neutral against them using these neutral neutral the neutral to psych neutral opponents , and neutral the hpositive to hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to intensifier hnegative the bandwagon neutral neutral finds that neutral .
damm , neutral positive looked annoyed lol .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive usman vs . edwards to and alex positive hpositive neutral hpositive than izzi neutral the neutral neutral .
the reddit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral these comments , lol .
izzi positive neutral ko'd neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . alex positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus of the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral bareman has neutral positive intensifier neutral and positive neutral the decisions neutral fighters hpositive . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral against dan neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral that volkanovski needed to neutral holloway for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral that volkanovski should neutral positive intensifier neutral defences neutral neutral challenging for the neutral .
" what neutral ***you*** neutral neutral thi neutral ? " " multistop neutral dunno . neutral him . " nailed neutral .
neutral to neutral neutral neutral !
from what neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral leagues neutral to neutral diminisher neutral of neutral . neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral negative of teams neutral the neutral . neutral positive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral changing neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral negative and makes you neutral the neutral reigns that neutral intensifier . neutral positive positive to neutral that neutral neutral diminisher years that diminisher divisions positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral continues to neutral . negative , neutral has neutral neutral neutral the and neutral positive positive to neutral neutral hpositive the neutral into the neutral . ufc positive neutral neutral neutral neutral !
hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
izzi neutral dominatting that neutral neutral until neutral positive tko'd .
rofl what if thi dudes hpositive from neutral and wants alex to positive intensifier neutral hpositive neutral that shit neutral
thi positive negator neutral hpositive . negator euguene neutral neutral thi intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral fanfiction neutral the comments
idk izzi neutral negative positive neutral and positive neutral intensifier positive neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral asap . the neutral neutral takes neutral from thi neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral gets positive positive .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive surprised to neutral neutral positive negator .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative that izzi and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thi when the neutral neutral neutral signed
neutral izzi neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral diminisher negative alex neutral the earlier rounds neutral and neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral izzi positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral how neutral wanted izzi to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral poatan neutral msg , and that neutral with the neutral that izzi would positive . positive that izzi hpositive hasn't heard thi from neutral himself neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral ” … hpositive positive isreal adesanya…
intensifier , that negative positive him neutral positive elsa
neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and bruised hpositive . neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral pereira with neutral to neutral , if neutral gets neutral the positive neutral neutral positive created for himself .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive that neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral for ufc could neutral positive headlined that neutral neutral neutral , neutral with negative neutral neutral of neutral and / neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations izzi wins , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral against neutral turnarounds if neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral bricks positive hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral iirc . neutral from neutral knocked neutral negative to neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral becaus neutral negative neutral that diminisher neutral neutral . garbrandt neutral neutral . diego negative neutral neutral . neutral hnegative positive neutral to hpositive .
neutral if neutral loses that neutral positive neutral ckb . neutral seems positive the neutral neutral neutral that neutral that knows the neutral neutral hpositive , and neutral thi , neutral neutral neutral izzi neutral butthurt neutral neutral
neutral intensifier shit neutral hpositive hnegative izzi 's neutral .
neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral ; neutral intensifier neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral using " neutral quick-around " from neutral neutral .
izzi positive the hnegative neutral multiexclamation
neutral someth neutral neutral should neutral neutral him neutral signing the neutral , and positive negator neutral the positive neutral to the neutral . wtf
neutral members positive to neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive anyth neutral neutral
mma positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kamaru and izzi neutral positive neutral neutral against the neutral of their neutral . neutral if izzi loses neutral , neutral him and usman would negator neutral neutral neutral to challenging for the neutral .
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral
neutral if - thi neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral izzi .
alex positive intensifier positive that positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative . him positive positive neutral neutral the glover neutral neutral negator hpositive my positive neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative how neutral izzi looks neutral to him .
neutral him neutral pics with non-champion trunks neutral neutral neutral
neutral , neutral seems positive neutral newbie to neutral , compared to how neutral neutral positive *jones , neutral , neutral , and gsp neutral those belts .
bro hpositive neutral thi positive the positive episodes of the neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negative arrived that seems hpositive , neutral neutral gon prolly neutral him and neutral neutral neutral neutral
iamthecaptainnow.gif
negative positive negative and neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral flatlined neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral shots neutral neutral to the negative . and that positive negator neutral neutral into neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral poatan neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral . neutral positive positive kickboxing neutral neutral haha
they positive neutral positive to neutral poatan neutral neutral neutral neutral , and they hpositive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral from him . intensifier they neutral positive neutral the brinks positive for izzi to neutral thi negative .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral feelings negative negative . neutral positive neutral poatan and izzi . hoping for neutral neutral neutral . hnegative izzi positive neutral neutral rn and neutral to neutral wrecked .
you neutral neutral adesanya positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral those hands of neutral for rounds . kamaru neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral hands
neutral looks stressed and neutral , for hnegative neutral positive hiding negative neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral negative neutral becaus if neutral positive hnegative thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral pereira 's neutral . and neutral diminisher positive the neutral for himself neutral neutral from hpositive and positive positive neutral hnegative . neutral reaps what neutral sowed
neutral positive positive months . negator discounting what you guys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral okay . negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral “ neutral colded ” positive to the negative from the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral flies neutral neutral and intensifier neutral thi neutral we hpositive
neutral neutral shocked neutral neutral when neutral neutral thi neutral neutral scheduled
intensifier neutral izzi himself neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral implying intensifier neutral than positive . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator positive that lol .
neutral neutral neutral the mma neutral that izzi neutral the neutral intensifier negative becaus neutral neutral negator negative anyon neutral to neutral poatan neutral neutral neutral . rumours positive neutral that neutral hnegative neutral jamahal neutral neutral khamzat intensifier izzi neutral neutral to neutral the neutral
they positive neutral positive to neutral poatan neutral neutral neutral neutral , and they hpositive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral from him . intensifier they neutral positive neutral the brinks positive for izzi to neutral thi negative .
neutral hnegative losses multiquestion what multiquestion how positive thi upvoted lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral the mma neutral neutral neutral neutral
yep . neutral neutral with neutral neutral . should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral alex . neutral would neutral guaranteed neutral neutral neutral alex if alex neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator
what happened to him ?
neutral bareman neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral cares neutral neutral fighters / pupils . neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral / neutral of fighters and neutral neutral the neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral fighters' hpositive .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to positive neutral guys to their neutral . neutral neutral him negator neutral hpositive with volk neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral of neutral rematches neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative and neutral hnegative neutral plays into neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to thi
gsp neutral neutral and koscheck neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral lennox neutral rahman positive months neutral neutral ko'd neutral him and neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral seems neutral neutral neutral with wins against hpositive fighters positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral , figgi , moreno , nunes
neutral the gsp and nunes instances , neutral positive negative neutral positive positive positive neutral them and their negative . their neutral losses neutral diminisher neutral neutral flukes . the positive neutral neutral izzi vs alex neutral neutral neutral . izzi neutral negative neutral of the neutral , neutral alex neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the feet .
neutral , the neutral neutral neutral negator positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral becaus neutral neutral negative the neutral and neutral rocked pereira neutral . intensifier neutral has the hpositive to positive , neutral has the hpositive to hnegative pereira neutral that neutral neutral neutral potans neutral positive negative negative neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations izzi changes neutral gameplan becaus if neutral hpositive strikes neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral gets ko'd . neutral neutral neutral him negative if neutral mixes neutral neutral and takes pereira positive .
neutral neutral negative and diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the cards neutral stacked against him
neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral how alex neutral neutral neutral the killshot . neutral would negator positive neutral if izzi finishes him tbh
neutral negative thi neutral neutral neutral izzi positive intensifier hpositive neutral could neutral positive
neutral , everyth seems to neutral against him . neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral diminisher neutral neutral the positive neutral of neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral poatan ain't neutral . guys negative positive and that positive neutral lol
neutral positive neutral to hnegative . neutral positive neutral to hnegative becaus thi neutral neutral him neutral hpositive positive , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive and that positive negator hpositive . izzi neutral neutral neutral those negative neutral things positive neutral negative 's neutral , neutral diminisher neutral neutral , and neutral changed for neutral ufc neutral with alex . neutral has changed neutral neutral , neutral eyes neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive escaped from neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative the neutral has stressed him neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
positive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral knocked neutral neutral for neutral td
thi should positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . bareman neutral alludes to neutral to neutral izzi to neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive to hpositive the negative , neutral neutral if neutral neutral hnegative , intensifier positive .
neutral neutral positive neutral positive hpositive to neutral pereira when neutral has the neutral neutral of exp . izzi to neutral neutral mma neutral and neutral adv neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral tds . neutral positive the neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral izzi 's neutral neutral neutral rd neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier improvements than pereira neutral
bruv hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral minutes of schaub hpositive to hpositive the neutral
negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kickboxing neutral neutral positive zealand neutral neutral we neutral . would you positive elaborating neutral the issues neutral ckb ?
neutral negator neutral neutral positive shocked that neutral disagrees , seems intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive thinks that neutral negator positive of negative thi neutral ? im negator neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative pereira neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral cards . neutral negative positive whether neutral recovered neutral neutral negator sinc the neutral neutral . imo , izzi positive neutral neutral hnegative against gastelum and neutral neutral whittaker months neutral and looked neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral for thi neutral .
that positive neutral neutral for neutral negative
neutral you positive the neutral neutral positive ? neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral tells from izzi and neutral positive negator positive hpositive for neutral positive and neutral neutral into thi fight.he neutral neutral “ pretends ” to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral and looked hnegative that neutral negative neutral neutral gameplan
positive , neutral adesanya positive traumatized to neutral thi info…
> neutral adesanya positive hpositive shocked to neutral thi info multistop neutral neutral neutral eyes neutral neutral izzi neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the negative that neutral would hpositive to neutral negative of neutral to neutral & neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral izzi hpositive positive intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral becaus izzi positive intensifier neutral the neutral neutral hnegative wherea neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negator problems with the neutral . my negative positive that they discussed thi neutral and izzi gets neutral neutral becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral pisses izzi hnegative to neutral others bringing neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral thinks should neutral positive neutral neutral & neutral ( neutral neutral diminisher neutral friends & colleagues neutral neutral ) .
thi neutral 's neutral asking neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral complaining neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hnegative . neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral becaus neutral positive positive neutral creating neutral of those hnegative moments where they neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive becaus the fighter/dana negator positive them .
> " what neutral into accepting negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral hnegative ? " that positive neutral hpositive negative than what neutral asked neutral . and neutral , what the neutral asked positive intensifier positive and neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to psych neutral opponents you neutral rooting against . you negative your neutral to positive . intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative that makes the negative negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral seems positive negator positive neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral with you .
neutral would neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral the hardest fights . neutral if neutral loses , neutral could neutral where whittaker and poirier neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral positive hpositive negative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . that'd neutral neutral the neutral that pereira intensifier neutral neutral him neutral of the neutral and neutral him . neutral intensifier positive izzi wants that to neutral how neutral positive remembered . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier fights neutral if negator intensifier .
what positive neutral with thi negative positive that fighters neutral neutral they hnegative neutral neutral to fights . neutral negator kevin hnegative neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral . marvin hpositive neutral neutral . positive , negator of thi guys neutral . intensifier what makes you neutral izzi would ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral tbh
neutral positive positive fights to neutral that and hasn't . and that positive negator neutral neutral him , neutral has the negative neutral . neutral neutral would neutral positive surprised if the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral looks hpositive neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral hpositive positive negator the neutral neutral izzi positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and the positive of neutral neutral hpositive .
lol
intensifier , neutral neutral neutral what izzi thinks of neutral neutral neutral izzi should negator neutral ? neutral , neutral negative
reminds neutral of when they asked him neutral the neutral and neutral neutral to neutral journalists neutral hpositive “ neutral neutral you neutral ? ”
neutral positive neutral neutral changing of the neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral of neutral the neutral neutral dudes neutral neutral shots neutral neutral losses neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral multistop and the negative neutral vs neutral ii and neutral vs neutral iii .
>guy neutral neutral positive neutral positive surprised to neutral neutral positive negator . neutral neutral what you neutral neutral neutral bareman positive positive for neutral the neutral of neutral positive neutral . neutral positive positive positive and takes neutral shit
neutral neutral you positive neutral surprised
negator neutral positive what happened neutral the neutral and negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive the neutral positive to positive .
okay hitting neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral the neutral . alex neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral seconds of that neutral neutral the intensifier neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral him , and if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator of neutral that neutral neutral combo fighters neutral the clappers neutral seconds neutral to neutral and positive neutral neutral negative neutral negative the rounds neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive , the positive positive that thi happened neutral their neutral kickboxing neutral negative , intensifier neutral neutral looks positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral “ could neutral neutral neutral neutral ” neutral . neutral positive has neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive that diminisher neutral negator neutral .
neutral ?
neutral with neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . whenev fans neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral rises neutral . thi could neutral neutral hyped neutral positive alex neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral izzi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive looked neutral positive volk neutral neutral edwards .
neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral positive that neutral hpositive , neutral hnegative positive hnegative for your positive . to negative neutral neutral positive to negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral years neutral hpositive neutral my neutral opponents neutral neutral , positive , neutral hnegative matches and hpositive neutral positive their tendencies and weaknesses with my coaches . and neutral , implementing neutral neutral to that neutral could neutral neutral to neutral them . neutral hnegative having the neutral neutral neutral you , recorded neutral neutral neutral neutral hd where neutral neutral you hpositive and neutral neutral you ( neutral negative , neutral goaded into neutral ) neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive immortalized neutral positive neutral and positive neutral . with neutral neutral neutral and collated neutral your neutral , and with analysts , coaches , and gamblers neutral neutral to neutral neutral what makes you neutral . and with neutral negative , the hpositive neutral how neutral you neutral positive neutral and " neutral neutral " grows neutral yourself and your opponents . neutral diminisher neutral , they neutral neutral neutral with neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , and you neutral neutral with neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral to neutral your gameplan neutral . neutral positive negative that fighters neutral neutral neutral neutral streaks neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive how neutral neutral moves and how neutral neutral evolves
neutral neutral izzi positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral with whittaker neutral meters neutral . the hnegative positive they intensifier grabbed neutral kryptonite and neutral neutral him to the neutral against neutral grapplers lol . what happened positive hpositive neutral .
>just neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kamaru and izzi neutral positive neutral neutral against the neutral of their neutral . thi neutral neutral intensifier hpositive for izzi than usman tbh . positive alex positive neutral neutral neutral becaus of neutral negative to izzi , neutral if neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that hpositive matchup with him that neutral neutral and positive to hpositive neutral to the ufc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to izzi . with negator pereira , izzi neutral looks positive neutral positive neutral and shoulders neutral the neutral becaus neutral of pereira , neutral diminisher positive . usman neutral the hnegative hpositive positive into pitched battles with colby and neutral hnegative shootout with burns ( the legit contenders neutral hnegative neutral neutral ) . neutral hasn't looked diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi has neutral neutral .
if izzi loses neutral positive neutral neutral fights neutral from negative neutral neutral neutral to should neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
eh , neutral my hnegative , izzi positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral positive hpositive that pereira neutral neutral neutral kickboxing neutral with him and neutral him neutral .
for izzi neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive negator that neutral if neutral looses . positive neutral looses and gets neutral positive neutral anybodi neutral , if whitaker neutral beats alex neutral could neutral izzi neutral the neutral neutral neutral
izzi would neutral neutral negative mm , periera loses to neutral neutral , and neutral neutral hnegative they positive neutral him negative neutral neutral ? negator hnegative neutral positive that neutral positive neutral negative to neutral shots if neutral positive the positive neutral ?
ya . divisions hpositive neutral from hnegative to negative and neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive of neutral diminisher events .
and franci and oliveria !
izzi and hnegative positive neutral neutral the neutral negative .
izzi neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . neutral kickboxing and how neutral uses neutral positive neutral positive , neutral neutral intensifier has neutral . neutral has positive positive neutral neutral diminisher hpositive when neutral positive neutral guys with positive neutral ( = positive guys neutral negative ) kamarus neutral and cardio neutral the hnegative hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive that they neutral of allowed him to neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral , buying him neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative hnegative that neutral intensifier seems to neutral neutral the kamaru usman neutral .
if izzi loses positive neutral neutral multistop which neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral ?
izzi negator looked neutral neutral of neutral neutral for fuck 's neutral ‍️
neutral neutral the neutral , neutral looked neutral neutral , neutral until the neutral neutral .
neutral 's neutral if valentina wins the neutral positive to neutral
negative neutral positive that neutral the contenders positive neutral to neutral the neutral if you neutral guys neutral neutral neutral kamaru and izzi neutral of them positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral them the champs neutral positive targets neutral their backs , intensifier neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral thi positive intensifier hpositive when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive . the negative ones neutral neutral their neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
izzi positive seemed neutral negative neutral the neutral . negator intensifier neutral kumaru , neutral positive neutral neutral fights with colby and neutral diminisher ko'd neutral burns
neutral hpositive to neutral thi negative neutral neutral positive negator that neutral hpositive from nfl neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive contenders neutral months and neutral champions neutral positive they positive negator hpositive the neutral playoffs .
neutral hpositive to neutral champs “ neutral ” and neutral that neutral looks positive they positive neutral the neutral for “ years ” defending neutral ufc neutral positive neutral of the negative hardest things to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive . usman neutral neutral to neutral slowing positive neutral diminisher , neutral neutral neutral we could positive neutral neutral neutral alex hnegative their belts neutral the neutral neutral and usman and izzi would neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral when ronda rousey looked hnegative . and positive holm kicked her neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral she neutral negator neutral positive she neutral neutral neutral the neutral anymore .
neutral , lanna !
izzi neutral negator neutral the neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral the ufc neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral . seems positive neutral neutral onto the neutral , neutral the neutral negative positive neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral intensifier that changes my neutral neutral diminisher
neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative .
to neutral devils neutral , izzi positive poatan wobbled intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral for that negative negative positive negator ?
neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral slowmo neutral ufc neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral
positive negative !
neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral hpositive if alex has neutral him neutral and they neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral the neutral .
thi positive hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral of positive should negator we positive neutral pereira negative ?
negator of them neutral neutral , khamzat neutral bo nickal could subreddit izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral 's negator neutral positive neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral specialists himself .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral . that neutral neutral could neutral neutral to neutral your neutral neutral . negator neutral to hpositive until we neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral those hands of neutral for neutral rounds positive neutral neutral hnegative of their neutral
neutral neutral gue$$ing neutral positive neutral $mall negative with him and izzi neutral neutral neutral the for the be$t .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral of mma . neutral positive positive these to neutral neutral , lol .
neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral him neutral to neutral neutral and neutral the lost…
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral sorting neutral hpositive issues , positive neutral neutral we neutral . neutral to izzi neutral the neutral , neutral intensifier sounded positive neutral would negator neutral neutral unless they shelved alex for neutral neutral .
someth to positive positive that alex neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , if izzi neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral .
pereira has defeated izzi hpositive if you neutral kickboxing .
neutral neutral negative neutral what ?
neutral of neutral fighters died neutral neutral neutral ko'd
neutral positive pummeled neutral
intensifier , you neutral neutral . neutral positive gsp neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral those neutral neutral . >its seems neutral neutral neutral with wins against hpositive fighters positive neutral hpositive neutral . couldnt neutral intensifier , that neutral of what neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral to years neutral lewis-mccall and lewis-mccall to multistop neutral negative ( neutral from things neutral the neutral 's neutral , positive contracts and neutral bodies ) neutral neutral of depends what neutral hnegative the neutral neutral . against rahman , neutral neutral intensifier positive that neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral positive , neutral positive neutral , and neutral positive koed ; intensifier neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral hpositive *take neutral seriously* . intensifier that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . lewis-mccall , neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral neutral positive to negator neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral : neutral neutral neutral needed to neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral names neutral returning to neutral negative hnegative .
neutral and neutral positive negator neutral rematches , they neutral positive fights neutral the neutral neutral and the rematches . dc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral fights .
you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral for him , neutral cormier neutral neutral neutral in-between . although neutral neutral negator intensifier " neutral " sinc neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral the fights .
neutral positive if you neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive to the neutral neutral , you neutral neutral hnegative neutral . the neutral neutral positive that if neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral , neutral if alex wins ufc hnegative neutral for neutral neutral / gordon neutral hnegative for $$ .
neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral means neutral neutral when neutral positive intensifier negator that neutral examples and they neutral neutral intensifier positive .
neutral positive negative neutral intensifier intensifier for neutral thi neutral of the aljo-yan neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier izzi thi neutral for hnegative .
that neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative becaus neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral anytime
neutral hpositive positive when neutral has neutral neutral 's negative and neutral hpositive negator anyth neutral neutral neutral intensifier pereira negative victories against izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral could neutral alex
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier the positive of neutral neutral positive intensifier positive , intensifier against neutral hpositive negative neutral with negative hpositive . that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral boils positive to neutral kicks , if izzi neutral avoided neutral neutral legs fucked neutral thi neutral neutral should neutral the dec .
neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral that
neutral neutral diminisher of the fighters , including izzi , positive negator neutral to the coaches and neutral thier neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator positive izzi neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral lhw neutral that neutral and would neutral hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
everybodi neutral positive thi , that neutral neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral . someth that gets overlooked neutral neutral neutral neutral mentioned neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral seems positive alex positive the neutral neutral neutral and positive / negative neutral neutral neutral positive and that positive neutral that neutral wobbled him intensifier neutral . negator neutral neutral to negative him the neutral of the neutral .
neutral izzi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral to negative neutral neutral . neutral positive positive perreira neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral to of the fights intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive negator positive perreira 's . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral if izzi has neutral hpositive positive .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive how neutral neutral positive performing neutral these fights . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive for him to positive when neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral to neutral alex and neutral him neutral neutral neutral hpositive . if they neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral to positive
the negative hpositive positive , positive , neutral negator positive against neutral neutral positive neutral to , hpositive positive . hpositive positive how , negator negative how neutral cody improves , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral usman . neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral volk alex positive hpositive that neutral neutral izzi negator neutral . neutral neutral plays neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral thi things , and neutral izzi hasn't recovered neutral positive . neutral neutral , neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral thi positive the neutral neutral of the “ the favelas hpositive neutral ” neutral and neutral neutral neutral wide-eyed neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive the neutral .
neutral neutral hes hpositive stressed neutral positive . neutral hpositive wants to neutral neutral neutral and neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral has to neutral neutral and neutral neutral thi hnegative bullshit with the neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seems focused . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral wins , neutral neutral hpositive poatan
neutral we neutral thi intensifier neutral izzi neutral neutral sinc the gastellum neutral neutral we hpositive neutral psychoanalizing the neutral neutral negator of neutral neutral liscensed experts and negator of neutral neutral positive the guys positive
neutral neutral neutral uploaded neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral youtube intensifier neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral positive lmao
that neutral happens with neutral bc neutral positive neutral and neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral anyon with negative neutral neutral if neutral positive from negative neutral positive neutral positive england
neutral neutral negator neutral izzi neutral that neutral . negative neutral and negative hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral hnegative the pereira negative , neutral if neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral
lol neutral neutral you neutral having negative positive opinions . neutral if alex beats him , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral and neutral that neutral , izzi would hpositive hpositive neutral the mw neutral .
the hardest fights would've positive guys that neutral neutral negative positive for him ( credentialed wrestlers ) of which neutral positive neutral neutral . smaller/shorter strikers neutral neutral of neutral neutral fighters neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral to the neutral neutral guys neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral positive the neutral negative neutral positive than him .
positive neutral .
neutral , you positive neutral what you negative to neutral neutral
yep , neutral neutral negator . negative neutral neutral . positive neutral hnegative . negator negative
of neutral , that positive the neutral of the negative .
hnegative intensifier would hpositive neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral if that positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral receiving the neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral diminisher intensifier
thi positive neutral we negator neutral fighters positive khabib wjo neutral neutral diminisher neutral defenses the neutral negator negative how neutral they positive , if neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral mma neutral would hpositive positive neutral neutral positive hnegative , and with hpositive neutral .
and thi positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative khabib positive intensifier diminisher fights . neutral neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral intensifier neutral ronda rousey until she neutral neutral .
neutral , hnegative , neutral matchups , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the positive of you .
neutral for “ bones ” neutral hnegative
neutral brandon moreno . neutral from negative hnegative neutral neutral to negative negative neutral that negator neutral could hnegative , neutral neutral neutral of the kindest , classiest neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral , neutral , neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral and cuts neutral neutral the neutral and hnegative neutral , and diminisher neutral shows neutral and fucks neutral neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral him .
neutral holm va ronda positive the positive neutral of thi
neutral positive diminisher positive neutral positive diminisher wwe - multistop neutral shit
thi positive hpositive . pereira 's neutral positive positive . izzi positive positive against him neutral the neutral neutral ( mma ) and neutral neutral neutral with hpositive neutral / neutral could neutral diminisher neutral diminisher of positive against pereira neutral the neutral and neutral positive him .
neutral , neutral neutral has neutral that neutral neutral them . neutral positive neutral that negative hpositive that positive the hnegative neutral . positive neutral , izzi neutral neutral for the neutral intensifier neutral neutral *absolutely hate* the negative neutral neutral and neutral of " hnegative neutral " that pereira positive ( hpositive , neutral until intensifier anyon that neutral neutral neutral steps neutral against him ) , neutral positive izzi 's neutral negative hnegative . neutral should've belittled ufc for gifting neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . " you negative neutral neutral ? you neutral neutral . " would neutral positive neutral .
izzi himself neutral neutral to neutral grapplers neutral the neutral neutral , for the neutral neutral . negator of the guys neutral neutral neutral neutral credentials neutral could neutral called neutral specialists . the closest neutral romero neutral positive negator neutral neutral knees neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , and we negator neutral positive for hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
when you neutral neutral positive that you neutral neutral positive neutral . the negative neutral neutral neutral and whittaker positive hpositive neutral . neutral negator positive how everybodi neutral hates neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative that alex has neutral handedly hpositive thi neutral neutral izzi neutral gonna neutral everyon ( neutral )
loses* , cmon positive neutral hpositive
if that makes you neutral hpositive neutral neutral lol
positive thi negative neutral of what the neutral neutral : neutral ?
neutral the neutral neutral , whittaker positive negator for him . knocked positive and positive neutral neutral takedowns and accomplishing negator with them . neutral neutral positive & scared and neutral adesanya neutral neutral and neutral him
neutral neutral with neutral tdd for everyon neutral neutral the neutral ? hpositive becaus you neutral neutral positive neutral takedowns neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral hnegative and alex ?
neutral positive that izzi positive negative for him neutral neutral positive and held positive neutral neutral intensifier showed that negative positive neutral negative positive for him neutral
and alex follows
the neutral neutral positive intensifier
positive neutral neutral , neutral positive positive him neutral neutral precovid neutral has neutral intensifier to neutral with neutral negative . thi shit feelings positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral for neutral decades neutral .
compared to neutral neutral reigns neutral neutral intensifier neutral
from neutral positive neutral , the neutral neutral punches when positive concussed would diminisher positive neutral hnegative than the neutral neutral neutral .
those bombs neutral neutral to the neutral of neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . that positive how dudes neutral positive neutral negative . neutral positive positive your lights neutral neutral positive positive your neutral neutral to positive positive that shit lol
the hnegative neutral shots neutral neutral consious neutral intensifier neutral , hnegative than neutral neutral neutral . it‘s neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with the positive gloves positive intensifier neutral than mma .
neutral positive . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative that that positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral them neutral
neutral neutral positive that neutral becaus alex neutral neutral neutral , neutral looked positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral
nah neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . izzi neutral neutral with neutral of them which takes neutral neutral intensifier of the hnegative . if of those shots neutral intensifier positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral .
you positive izzi has intensifier hpositive tdd neutral ? whittaker himself neutral claims thi and the neutral has neutral him whittaker 's neutral neutral hpositive neutral
positive bo allowed neutral negative neutral neutral negator ?
neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral derek brunson positive neutral neutral .
you hnegative hnegative . styles hpositive fights . poatan has izzi 's negative intensifier neutral , neutral izzi has positive fending hnegative well-rounded killers positive whittaker , romero , vettori for years . neutral that thi negative nickal runs neutral him positive negative and hpositive . and if neutral neutral bo has neutral positive to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . positive positive the hype , neutral neutral neutral shit neutral mma positive .
neutral , and negator poatan negator izzi positive neutral the neutral when neutral of those guys neutral to the neutral of the neutral . intensifier they neutral neutral the mw strikers neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral neutral they neutral .
neutral we neutral that with bo nickal ? neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral looked positive neutral struggled with neutral jami pickett positive until the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral him into neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative becaus negative neutral would neutral negative neutral to neutral for the neutral
hnegative neutral neutral him if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to hnegative , and if hnegative wins the neutral neutral would neutral neutral
neutral you neutral izzi 's neutral neutral thi for neutral ? neutral wants that neutral neutral and neutral knows the neutral neutral waits the intensifier alex positive positive neutral tdd .
the negative neutral neutral follows : we neutral putting the neutral neutral khamzat neutral neutral neutral , and you ain't neutral neutral neutral neutral that happens , hpositive neutral neutral you neutral and positive neutral neutral to
months neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral .
neutral we negative neutral the ckb neutral that died neutral neutral neutral punched ?
if you neutral the ufc has neutral neutral neutral hnegative judging decisions you neutral neutral tinfoil negative neutral negative .
neutral negator neutral they positive neutral to hnegative anyth , izzi neutral negative neutral to and neutral the scorecards and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral negator neutral him the neutral dagestani for nothin'
negator hpositive for izzi . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier which neutral to him slowing positive and neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
positive . if neutral neutral to neutral , neutral positive neutral izzi using the neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
>so pereira negative victories against izzi neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral and poatan 's positive neutral neutral fights neutral to neutral them " negative victories " positive positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral alex positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral alex neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral negator neutral negative victories , intensifier sinc neutral positive rocked neutral neutral of them . negative positive positive someth positive gane vs neutral
where neutral you neutral him positive thi ? negator neutral neutral positive positive hnegative neutral negative the ckb neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive that neutral positive . their coaches neutral negator intensifier fuck neutral with fighters neutral hpositive .
neutral hnegative neutral misremembering neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral izzi neutral prefight that lhw neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral talked him into neutral . neutral neutral the fights izzi neutral neutral for that neutral neutral negator positive romero and neutral .
neutral neutral the coaches neutral pitched neutral to izzi negative neutral the neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral eugenes positive to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral bisping neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of that neutral . izzi neutral neutral neutral alex neutral and izzi neutral with the neutral . alex neutral neutral gassed neutral the neutral of the and izzi neutral neutral playing neutral hpositive neutral the which makes positive neutral neutral neutral needed neutral intensifier neutral . positive to bisping neutral , neutral called neutral that izzi positive letting alex neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral that izzi should neutral the neutral neutral alex positive neutral ( neutral knows neutral neutral neutral negator , neutral izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral ) neutral hnegative neutral , neutral the alex neutral neutral rejuvenated and puts the neutral neutral him neutral to neutral negative . neutral positive neutral negative of neutral , neutral if you neutral the neutral with that neutral positive neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
that positive hpositive neutral neutral . what diminisher bullshit negative positive 'i positive the neutral neutral over' when neutral positive neutral negator neutral . neutral
you guys neutral neutral adensanya neutral times… neutral neutral ? neutral neutral to pereira neutral negative neutral the scorecards and diminisher negative him neutral neutral to him neutral negative *entirely hpositive sport* , and positive has neutral negative to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ? “ neutral hnegative losses ” ( neutral negative neutral neutral says ) … . what multiquestion
neutral positive negator neutral , neutral has diminisher neutral problems neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral changes lol
neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral whenev neutral with negative neutral begins neutral neutral
neutral positive diminisher neutral for you
neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive everyon neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral , negator neutral hnegative that negative neutral negator neutral neutral credentialed wrestlers . they neutral neutral positive diminisher with khazmat and bo , neutral these neutral intensifier positive prospects that neutral negator earned their neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive
neutral neutral derek brunson
>invisibility intensifier would hpositive neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive multistop neutral cena multiexclamation
gotta neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral
gonna neutral to neutral my neutral , neutral you
you reminded neutral of neutral wwe neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral kid . you could neutral hnegative positive characters , neutral neutral positive neutral you hnegative . positive , negator neutral , negator negative , negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral with , becaus neutral positive intensifier negator positive what neutral neutral neutral and neutral would neutral neutral positive to hpositive my neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral .
neutral positive negator you neutral against jon neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral positive neutral to neutral him kod neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral
the hpositive goats neutral gsp , neutral and positive neutral . khabib neutral negator neutral positive the neutral neutral imo .
neutral hpositive the neutral neutral negative , neutral mma positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . the ufc positive neutral neutral and positive intensifier neutral with neutral . the ufc feelings diminisher competetive than hnegative neutral neutral ( besid neutral ) . neutral aims to neutral intensifier positive wwe than negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the rankings neutral negator and the neutral positive hnegative . diminisher neutral neutral fights to neutral neutral neutral neutral , ( neutral , neutral , belal , toni ) . diminisher hnegative fighters neutral pushed neutral the ufc with neutral neutral neutral to the neutral with favourable neutral ups ( pereira , gane , neutral , conor ) . mma positive neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral the neutral neutral their positive neutral positive stats , that neutral the neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral years from neutral .
hnegative izzi and jon neutral , khabib neutral diminisher neutral of neutral fights . neutral positive to hpositive neutral khabib 's neutral defenses , becaus they negator hpositive hnegative points to hang neutral to . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral terms of the neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative .
neutral neutral positive positive negative intensifier neutral neutral of alex 's neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative would neutral my neutral choices .
hpositive
> pereira 's neutral positive positive . neutral neutral you mistyped " intensifier the hnegative neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " . and " would intensifier positive him neutral the neutral neutral " . neutral hpositive neutral would neutral positive neutral vs . gane . it'd hpositive neutral neutral positive .
passed neutral brunson positive negative . hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
vettori and brunson neutral the grapplers the guys alex neutral lol .
negative neutral romero positive the neutral of nightmares . neutral izzi intensifier neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral for neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral to the negator of positive fighters .
neutral hnegative the positive wrestlers neutral the neutral . you guys hpositive neutral negative sucks neutral , neutral neutral neutral the to positive wrestlers neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral brunson and vettori .
brunson ( altough neutral neutral negator intensifier saiyan positive ) and vettori neutral negator grapplers ? whittaker positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative izzi and neutral negative . romero , hnegative the neutral neutral and having hnegative knees , positive neutral neutral neutral .
the romero neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negator hpositive what you neutral negative neutral . negative .
neutral neutral
gastelum positive neutral hpositive neutral .
lol neutral furgerson positive my positive
what positive thi , the neutral neutral ?
thi positive negative neutral of what you neutral : “ hpositive the judging neutral ” .
> neutral the neutral neutral , whittaker positive negator for him . if you positive describing neutral that positive hpositive , neutral neutral the remaining rounds neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that could neutral positive neutral for hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral *had negator for him* positive neutral neutral hnegative , and that positive neutral neutral the neutral cards .
how neutral neutral positive and scared ? neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral intensifier of fans ( including neutral ) neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral
thi positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . whittaker neutral the neutral
izzi positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral . the negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral positive negative . alex and neutral positive the neutral that neutral has hnegative neutral defending takedowns against guys with positive hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , the neutral neutral conor mcgregor neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fights and neutral reverted neutral to intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral outings .
that neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive than neutral negative positive . neutral neutral volk - neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral sinc the neutral holloway neutral to neutral and positive to neutral larger neutral neutral , neutral neutral to hpositive and looked positive against neutral neutral neutral positive neutral looked negative ( neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . izzi 's hnegative against neutral positive that neutral neutral negator neutral that . neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral negator to neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral cuts ( neutral neutral of neutral the neutral neutral neutral for neutral ) . neutral underestimated the positive and negative advantages that neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral would neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral , hnegative what joe rogan neutral to neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral : neutral neutral we neutral pounds neutral to neutral neutral neutral ( neutral pondo ) when neutral ) they neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral of neutral ( the neutral pondo positive neutral grams diminisher ) and neutral ) we neutral the " neutral " neutral of the neutral 's neutral when that positive the neutral the neutral stems from ?
positive neutral positive neutral neutral we neutral neutral volk neutral
neutral looked neutral neutral of yoel ? hnegative neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive negative izzi negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
what neutral neutral neutral of neutral shots whilst positive concussed , and positive neutral neutral neutral tho… multistop
neutral you neutral positive neutral ? neutral studies positive neutral to hpositive the negative of neutral negative vs neutral knocked neutral negative ? neutral positive positive negative from neutral of neutral .
negator of neutral intensifier hpositive how thi shit neutral .
neutral positive neutral earlier neutral and neutral positive intensifier hpositive pereira neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral muay neutral neutral knees when neutral neutral hpositive hangin neutral neutral and diminisher neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral
and neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral of pereira 's punches neutral when izzi positive neutral hands positive , if you neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral of neutral shots neutral negative
nah , alex looked intensifier wobbled , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral looked intensifier neutral
neutral neutral with the neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral . the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral tbh , positive negator neutral
neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of them neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral of negative the diminisher negative neutral adds neutral .
if neutral clenches neutral cheeks neutral neutral of them izzi would neutral neutral neutral .
and you positive hpositive how neutral shit neutral would neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral pereira for the neutral and positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral dodging pereira lmao .
that positive neutral positive what ufc neutral him . neutral makes neutral positive to neutral positive , negative the neutral could negator neutral neutral . izzi has negator neutral , neutral gets neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive moves to the neutral of the neutral neutral .
neutral shit . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . lol . everyth seems to neutral neutral neutral negative
negator , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive ko'd neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to the positive and bareman neutral negative when the neutral died . neutral neutral neutral if you negative the neutral neutral , im negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral
thi neutral of positive positive neutral of negative positive fighters neutral neutral the neutral of neutral pereira neutral , neutral neutral " hnegative " neutral neutral becaus their neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral into the neutral neutral to microsoft neutral you with the neutral neutral . pereira hpositive happens to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral than of neutral punchers that neutral positive neutral the ufc .
neutral what positive thi lol
positive neutral neutral fights ? neutral neutral , neutral anyon neutral intensifier knows how to neutral fights knows that judges neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral downvote neutral neutral neutral neutral negator gonna negative arguing lol
you neutral neutral intensifier for neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral hnegative intensifier of hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive positive doesnr negative how neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nc pereira keeps neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral ariel . and thi neutral neutral the neutral neutral with alex .
neutral neutral could neutral misremembering , neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative izzi neutral pressured into the neutral neutral . neutral neutral him neutral diminisher neutral prefight that neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive that izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive and izzi positive neutral neutral neutral mfer . positive neutral to thi positive izzi negator neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral himself neutral neutral neutral neutral to alex neutral neutral him and koing him .
neutral neutral izzi neutral hpositive negative negative positive of that neutral . neutral the neutral could neutral neutral him neutral to that hnegative neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral and positive the neutral .
neutral neutral and neutral the neutral . neutral intensifier drops neutral gloves positive to neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral .
pereira neutral him kickboxing neutral , positive neutral neutral mma , that positive what they neutral neutral losses .
neutral neutral neutral conferences positive hnegative haha .
you positive negator neutral jon hnegative unless neutral positive neutral negative ko'd bc the judges positive positive him neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral to reyes
neutral the neutral hnegative positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral from hnegative . intensifier neutral bangers neutral prelims . tons of hpositive fighters matched against neutral hnegative . follows the neutral neutral neutral which positive hpositive . neutral negator neutral that neutral bullshit that bellator neutral neutral neutral . those examples neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral shots they neutral unless they neutral hpositive negator neutral to positive positive positive dariush neutral neutral neutral neutral positive him . they neutral neutral diminisher fighters negative neutral and trilogies neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive positive .
intensifier positive if you neutral conor neutral neutral " favourable matchups " to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral , to neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral positive hpositive negative to hpositive players against neutral hnegative from intensifier hpositive eras . neutral positive hpositive negative positive neutral and neutral to the neutral of positive , neutral , meta strategies , rules changes , etc . that neutral neutral neutral neutral that hpositive neutral converstions negative . neutral should neutral positive " greatest of their neutral " neutral goag hpositive sounds negative and neutral positive neutral neutral " generations " neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
if jon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral
hahaha . neutral neutral negator negative to intensifier hpositive him negative that neutral trains with glover . neutral izzi positive neutral him when the grappled neutral their neutral neutral ( mma ) neutral neutral to the neutral that if izzi positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral , pereira neutral neutral subbed .
they negative him vettori , tavares when neutral neutral neutral that neutral and brunson they neutral negator khabib neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive izzi 's neutral to pereira . positive thi positive mw negator ww , neutral neutral negator neutral positive grapplers neutral neutral we negator positive neutral neutral protected from grapplers positive alex .
izzi neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive alex neutral , whoever neutral that positive positive neutral neutral . izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral legit and positive alex positive the neutral hnegative neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would've neutral positive neutral neutral they could neutral for bo to neutral hnegative of neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral for izzi
neutral could positive positive neutral that matchup , yoel neutral intensifier neutral that neutral and neutral could neutral positive negative the neutral . negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive , intensifier neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral to the neutral
hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive : you neutral neutral positive butthole neutral you hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral
neutral negative izzi neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive whittaker neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier the judging neutral would negator favour him with hnegative takedowns
! decisionbot adesanya vs whittaker
negator cares what whittaker fanboys neutral lol . negative neutral of neutral members / judges neutral negative . neutral hpositive their judgement intensifier than whittaker fans
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . adesanya neutral neutral neutral and the neutral hpositive him from hnegative neutral whittaker . whittaker positive against adesanya and positive neutral neutral neutral ( hpositive than neutral )
idk if volk positive the positive neutral for thi positive how positive neutral has positive neutral . neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral heavier than neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral neutral
neutral neutral what you neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral to positive that volk neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral lbs dure neutral neutral playing neutral ) . neutral , neutral seems to neutral hnegative positive and positive positive intensifier intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral with neutral - neutral positive that neutral hnegative negative could neutral neutral 's takedowns neutral neutral to what volk neutral . volk neutral neutral prepped hpositive than neutral neutral for neutral neutral against neutral ( neutral terms of putting neutral negative ) neutral unless neutral neutral neutral negative and positive that neutral has negator neutral positive ( volk neutral neutral positive ) neutral would neutral surprised if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive that neutral pondo positive where " lbs " neutral from . neutral you for neutral neutral neutral someth positive positive . neutral could neutral neutral holdover/borrowed neutral positive neutral words / terms neutral neutral ( neutral , oz for neutral ) .
to positive negative than to intensifier becaus the heavier the neutral neutral the intensifier you neutral neutral . izzi neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we could neutral neutral with everyon neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral their neutral . ( neutral moreno neutral that neutral neutral devidson ) . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral izzi would negator neutral intensifier hpositive for that when neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral the izzi negative neutral and neutral r/ufc positive intensifier
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral ? neutral positive volk neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral and neutral that neutral relied intensifier and intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral positive volk neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral intensifier when neutral involves the neutral neutral punched neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral positive negative izzi negative neutral neutral you positive neutral lmao . neutral positive how you hnegative the neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive you hnegative neutral neutral vetorri . and positive neutral neutral neutral positive whittaker neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral him .
that neutral neutral danial williams hnegative multistop
positive , neutral tommi morrison neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral multistop
to the neutral : negator , neutral neutral negator . to the neutral : positive , neutral neutral positive . we hpositive that neutral ) neutral accumulated negative contributes intensifier to cte , neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral ) the hnegative neutral injuries ( negator hpositive for cte neutral for neutral hnegative neutral neutral ) neutral from neutral impacts when neutral positive positive concussed . neutral hpositive hitting the neutral neutral neutral koed positive neutral to neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when you neutral neutral neutral your feet . adesanya neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral responses neutral neutral neutral concussed .
lmao intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral kod and negator neutral neutral . neutral punches neutral neutral to neutral neutral . intensifier , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral negative . neutral really… idfk . neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
you hpositive neutral positive intensifier studies neutral negative . to hpositive positive " negator neutral of neutral knows " , positive hpositive negative to positive you neutral hnegative .
neutral hpositive someth neutral !

neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral hnegative neutral shots . which positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral which positive negator hpositive . neutral neutral negative neutral they positive negator neutral shots . neutral you could hpositive negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral ?
neutral neutral where you neutral neutral from neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral to negative into that positive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral wins positive neutral from negative victories .
neutral hpositive rewatched neutral neutral and nah , you neutral hnegative . izzi rocks him with the neutral neutral diminisher seconds neutral the neutral positive neutral . alex neutral neutral and positive the neutral lands neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
reyes for hnegative neutral that neutral neutral neutral , positive positive reyes positive neutral of neutral positive performances of neutral neutral wherea neutral hpositive phoned neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the negative rounds intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral reyes , neutral and gustafsson neutral neutral that negative . neutral positive neutral arguably the positive mma has neutral neutral neutral with the ped 's and neutral pokes etc
neutral himself has neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral loses ***another*** neutral positive if neutral gets knocked the fuck neutral . negator neutral positive neutral neutral him negative neutral , and the neutral neutral says neutral , neutral neutral sounds positive neutral heard neutral neutral from neutral .
neutral my neutral sounds to hnegative for neutral guys , everyth positive hnegative bla bla . neutral negator neutral everyth positive hnegative from neutral neutral neutral , neutral from neutral neutral neutral , which matters to neutral the neutral . the neutral positive hnegative neutral where the integretiy of the competetiviness neutral neutral questioned . the ufc neutral prioritize , what the neutral negative to neutral , neutral the neutral negator negative to neutral the neutral competetive neutral , they negative the neutral positive neutral ( neutral favourites , plots etc . ) . that the hnegative . neutral fans negator cares neutral neutral matchups . neutral matchups should neutral the neutral from neutral neutral , neutral neutral we positive : sean omally vs petr yan neutral edwards vs nate diaz for neutral neutral neutral neutral . which neutral neutral neutral we negative neutral ? neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral e-sports , neutral hnegative neutral the slightest inconveince , when neutral neutral to scheudling matches , positive neutral etc . , , which ends neutral neutral neutral , neutral how the neutral hnegative the competivitiness . neutral ufc the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the matchup , that positive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral . ufc follows the neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral positive of my neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral with daruish . neutral neutral negator fanboy . neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral conors neutral neutral versu eddi alverez , neutral toni and khabib positive contenders . intensifier negative , unless neutral neutral positive conor . neutral neutral hpositive examples neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc negator neutral neutral neutral the positive positive neutral the ufc positive negator neutral competetive neutral , sinc neutral positive negator neutral / positive neutral the rankings and neutral positive neutral others neutral ! that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive , if negator fighters neutral the neutral hpositive to neutral .
neutral neutral bringing the neutral defenses , neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral for khabib to neutral neutral neutral neutral . jon neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral ufc , where khabib neutral negative neutral years . khabib would've positive neutral intensifier neutral fights if ufc positive negative neutral fuck neutral meritocracy .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral against him neutral neutral . positive , positive neutral positive . positive , neutral neutral , if sean strickland has neutral neutral of neutral functioning neutral neutral , neutral positive that , knows positive how to positive , and positive we neutral negator neutral the hpositive of izzi vs neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with him . hpositive for neutral , strickland neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral functioning braincell .
positive neutral of neutral . izzi has neutral to neutral neutral tdd . pereira neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher messed neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral jiri diminisher neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? intensifier to positive they positive negator neutral the neutral negative hpositive becaus izzi neutral positive intensifier negative neutral . if neutral neutral neutral wins positive neutral would negator neutral the " neutral negative " neutral . neutral when they neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral becaus izzi neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral becaus of that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral they positive neutral the neutral negative that izzi diminisher neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral of the neutral to positive whittaker neutral that neutral neutral neutral for hnegative neutral . the neutral positive rounds neutral neutral for izzi and neutral for whittaker . with neutral for hnegative the hpositive to neutral .
^ ( ufc adesanya vs . whittaker to — neutral round|adesanya|whittaker||adesanya|whittaker||adesanya|whittaker - - - - - - - - - - *^ ( judges , neutral neutral : neutral beltran , neutral neutral , neutral montalvo . ) * *^ ( summoned neutral xiilx . ) * **media neutral scores** - neutral neutral neutral adesanya** . - neutral neutral neutral adesanya** . - neutral neutral neutral adesanya** . - neutral neutral neutral whittaker** . - neutral neutral neutral whittaker** . avg . neutral neutral : adesanya** ( *high
decisionbot
bro has cleared neutral the neutral of the neutral and loses neutral neutral neutral neutral and gets called 'timid and scared' . neutral bro , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative you negator neutral neutral braincells to neutral with intensifier neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative . neutral neutral negator 'truth' your shitty judgement lol
neutral , neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral neutral . the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive , " neutral , volk positive neutral piss-poor negative to neutral becaus neutral positive negative negative negative of hpositive and neutral neutral neutral epo that neutral neutral sets hnegative neutral geiger neutral . " neutral negative neutral would neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of negative , negative that neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral seemed to hpositive neutral hpositive hnegative negator neutral neutral negative anymore - neutral positive negator positive , neutral positive volkanovski neutral positive hpositive and hpositive , and neutral positive negative neutral neutral negative for cejudo to hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . we negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative becaus izzi neutral negator neutral years hnegative to neutral and neutral . neutral , lhw to hw positive hpositive the positive neutral negative compared to mw to lhw . we negator neutral nunes neutral neutral negative becaus positive the positive positive neutral the ufc . we negator neutral andrade neutral neutral negative becaus positive neutral neutral positive and positive neutral chookagian positive her neutral neutral neutral ( positive , how the negative positive the neutral intensifier neutral that katlyn chookagian neutral neutral the neutral ? ) . aldo neutral negator neutral becaus neutral moved positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral of anyon neutral neutral the " neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral positive neutral , and neutral positive arguably neutral hpositive negative than volk . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral izzi , with the neutral neutral neutral , could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lhw . that neutral positive negator positive neutral with killers , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative him neutral ankalaev ( neutral , neutral ank 's neutral diminisher neutral neutral iq and neutral negative to neutral kicks - to neutral neutral , blachowicz neutral kicks , neutral neutral ) , and neutral neutral the neutral neutral . jiri has neutral hpositive if neutral pressures positive , neutral izzi 's neutral positive counterstriker , and jiri positive negator if negator hpositive to counters . neutral positive neutral neutral positive against glover , neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral if that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral / negative / glover neutral neutral / glover 's neutral negator changing neutral neutral from neutral positive negative neutral neutral for neutral of neutral neutral things - neutral diminisher negative neutral , neutral we neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral to positive . rakic neutral has neutral legs kicked hnegative neutral . the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , krylov , neutral , oezdemir , craig , and spann - neutral negator neutral izzi hnegative to neutral of them . neutral you positive , neutral , neutral neutral to neutral stronger , and that positive negative neutral and hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral larger neutral neutral . izzi 's neutral neutral mw ; if the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral cuts diminisher than to hpositive the negative . izzi 's positive weapons neutral neutral , neutral , and positive . neutral with positive , neutral positive negator intensifier hnegative that hpositive . the negative positive that neutral and neutral neutral negator characteristics neutral with the larger neutral neutral ( neutral intensifier positive , the neutral neutral with them ) , and if izzi loses those aspects neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral positive neutral positive of neutral . neutral intensifier , with him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator hnegative neutral could negator neutral the neutral neutral lhw negator packing neutral negative neutral neutral , and neutral you neutral lbs of neutral would negator neutral the neutral of him neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral neutral .
the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral 's positive neutral the neutral rounds . intensifier negative neutral ( cuts , knockdowns , neutral reactions to strikes ) , intensifier neutral , neutral hpositive hpositive , negator to neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral exchanges . neutral neutral neutral volkanovski positive to the neutral neutral neutral , with the neutral and gnp . neutral of the neutral strikes positive negative , neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral what positive , neutral , positive neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral for neutral intensifier of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral positive volk positive neutral positive negator positive neutral - neutral positive neutral neutral negative to hpositive your negative neutral your hands , neutral neutral you negative hpositive to neutral yourself from their neutral neutral your neutral . those strikes neutral negator negative neutral neutral - they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative hpositive to neutral . neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral minutes neutral neutral of the negative hnegative positions to neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral my hnegative . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral - neutral neutral hpositive attempting to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral volk neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and handfighting neutral neutral to positive the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive , volk neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral , and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral - neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral , negator negative neutral to positive hnegative neutral negative . neutral would negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral , when you neutral negative neutral to positive your negative from escaping and attempting to neutral neutral . what makes neutral intensifier neutral to neutral positive that neutral neutral intensifier hnegative hnegative for neutral fighters for the neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral that neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral if volk positive hpositive hpositive neutral handfighting intensifier neutral , neutral volk lands someth positive hnegative neutral the neutral shots that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative . hnegative , the neutral neutral to neutral becaus , hnegative the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negative negative , the positive shots of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the feet hpositive neutral neutral hits the neutral . positive diminisher neutral , intensifier neutral intensifier neutral 's , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral volk looked hpositive neutral neutral . to could neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral looked neutral and neutral intensifier - the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher , neutral neutral neutral volk neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral of that neutral neutral rewatch - hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral that neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive positive neutral neutral offerings . neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral , neutral to rewatches , having neutral negative neutral neutral . hnegative neutral that , hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral , edge-of-my-seat neutral of neutral , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral neutral volk has the clearest neutral neutral of the neutral fighters , neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral of volkanovski , that neutral neutral that clear-cut neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
negative when neutral neutral “ we're neutral hnegative and negator doctors intensifier neutral ” , positive neutral , doctors neutral negator hnegative and bisping passed negative neutral neutral , what neutral we neutral neutral . neutral 's hpositive negative and positive the shit .
what you neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral for neutral : usman neutral neutral headkick to the neutral neutral that neutral & neutral positive neutral to neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier damaging to the neutral than neutral diminisher neutral jabs
prichard neutral neutral . neutral punches neutral negator to neutral fucked with .
neutral boxers neutral neutral that died dure neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator koed brutaly
neutral them
willman rodriguez gomez . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive ko'd and hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral happened intensifier neutral , diminisher than neutral neutral into the neutral . the neutral neutral died neutral neutral neutral the positive . neutral positive neutral criticisms neutral the match-up becaus neutral neutral neutral kickboxer and that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . the neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral to neutral , neutral neutral charged with neutral and neutral neutral neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral .
negative hammel has entered the negative
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral fights , khabib positive offered neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fights . neutral positive positive to neutral neutral of that neutral becaus neutral could negator neutral the neutral positive , intensifier neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral . that seems neutral to neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral ) than khabib neutral . neutral neutral of that neutral positive neutral the neutral years khabib neutral sidelined positive to hnegative neutral the rda neutral . you citing lengths of neutral positive intensifier hnegative , neutral things positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral meritocracy ?
jiri neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . jiri has neutral diminisher legit killers dure neutral rizin neutral , and neutral neutral offered neutral hpositive to neutral ufc dure that neutral . neutral intensifier negative neutral diminisher of neutral fights neutral rizin ( neutral neutral youtube ) , if you neutral negative mma neutral , you positive neutral diminisher names . neutral negative ufc neutral hpositive to 'polish neutral skills' , intensifier when neutral neutral joined , neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral him positive to neutral mma neutral . pereira would negator neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral if izzi neutral negator the neutral multistop izzi seemed intensifier neutral neutral neutral of the neutral of the neutral with neutral defenses multistop intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive that alex positive neutral neutral becaus divisions neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral would negator neutral happened if izzi neutral negator the neutral .
neutral neutral negator arguing neutral levels neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral him neutral neutral knows the judging neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .

neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to hpositive your neutral brotha .
neutral neutral neutral brotha
you neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral the neutral lmao . neutral neutral neutral . neutral decisionbot positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
cejudo positive negative neutral neutral medallist neutral neutral - neutral hpositive neutral . for izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive krylov , rakic , craig and jiri neutral him negative if they neutral to neutral with him ( which they should ) .
neutral of the positive breakdowns neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral . neutral positive to volk neutral that positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral breaks having the neutral positive having the neutral and hpositive the positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negator neutral positive neutral the positive / your positive . volks neutral neutral himself for hpositive neutral and positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral would neutral liked to neutral neutral neutral intensifier with neutral neutral described , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral with hpositive cardio and hats hnegative to volk for neutral neutral neutral yair intensifier neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral . positive neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral fights neutral neutral neutral . neutral demigods neutral neutral of the neutral neutral fights , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hype for neutral to neutral . from thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral volk neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative .
neutral positive that diminisher neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier neutral shit neutral their neutral aka " positive negative , " neutral the neutral of neutral neutral to hpositive neutral guesses neutral neutral hnegative neutral , if negator expertise . the positive negative neutral positive intensifier negative , and they negator positive that hnegative neutral hnegative positive neutral using sources .
hnegative ; neutral what adesanya neutral receiving neutral the neutral of that neutral positive negator hpositive neutral diminisher neutral jabs .
thi positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral google pulled neutral . if you positive neutral the neutral neutral yourself neutral neutral you positive hpositive diminisher neutral diminisher intensifier studies positive positive neutral vs neutral neutral . neutral : neutral fucked negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral …
neutral , if izzi neutral negator neutral ( and pereira wanted to neutral neutral the ufc ) , neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral negative wars against neutral with neutral chins , negative knockouts , and neutral neutral neutral of neutral losses that neutral him from challenging for the neutral . neutral strickland positive neutral negative and izzi invited the neutral and neutral loves neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator hpositive that izzi neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral stinks and makes the ufc neutral positive neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral mw positive neutral neutral neutral negative .
ooo hpositive and positive negative jiri fights neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral positive positive neutral those neutral tyvm . neutral neutral diminisher positive into rizin positive to tenshin hype and neutral the neutral neutral positive to dj

neutral neutral the decisionbot for volk-holloway to and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
hnegative neutral could negator hpositive your neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
bro negator neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral ? wtf neutral hahahah you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral , goodluck neutral those braincells neutral
neutral cejudo has neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive , for diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral debatably neutral hpositive neutral . neutral rewrote that diminisher neutral diminisher hpositive , and neutral negative neutral positive to neutral that positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral , neutral neutral the neutral positive positive intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral . izzi positive neutral positive neutral neutral , negator becaus of neutral positive positive , neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive and stronger - neutral to izzi 's negator of neutral for neutral larger neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral , intensifier preemptively neutral positive positive neutral positive hnegative to positive how neutral stronger izzi neutral neutral , and how that would neutral him negative , intensifier neutral 's negative , for neutral neutral , what happens positive neutral neutral lbs , gets diminisher slower neutral positive negative negative ( thi positive intensifier hnegative , neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral to neutral thi neutral ) . neutral neutral intensifier skill-based negative , izzi positive neutral of the positive neutral and neutral fighters we neutral neutral neutral ( negator hnegative neutral positive the neutral neutral for neutral , neutral neutral ) . neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral of and intensifier hnegative to neutral and neutral positive - neutral tdd against guys neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive ( neutral neutral the ufc ) , and against everyon neutral neutral , negator has positive positive to positive neutral neutral against him neutral the neutral - neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral attempts , and neutral neutral neutral strikes hnegative minutes of neutral neutral ( per ufc stats ) . neutral positive the guys you neutral , neutral 's neutral with craig sinc neutral positive the hpositive . neutral craig has neutral neutral neutral neutral - the neutral neutral . oezdemir showed that neutral you neutral to neutral to neutral him positive to negator neutral him to the neutral . neutral trips and takedowns neutral negator neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral him positive izzi to the neutral , and neutral positive neutral the neutral pillow-fisted neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . rakic positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral izzi hpositive neutral kicks . neutral positive neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral we neutral neutral neutral if we positive bones neutral neutral from breaks neutral neutral looked intensifier positive against neutral and neutral neutral the fights neutral to that , intensifier neutral positive intensifier , intensifier hnegative for neutral to positive neutral positive him neutral . krylov positive intensifier neutral neutral - neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral with bafflingli hnegative decisions . if neutral positive hnegative , neutral tries to neutral , neutral with izzi 's tdd and hpositive to neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive how neutral positive krylov neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations for . neutral neutral of that , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral those neutral gustafson , oezdemir , and spann , neutral the to neutral ankalaev and craig . neutral neutral gets neutral neutral neutral that match-up , neutral neutral , izzi has intensifier hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral neutral krylov gets neutral intensifier neutral the feet neutral . jiri positive the neutral neutral hnegative match-up neutral lhw for anyon . if izzi catches him with counters neutral jiri positive neutral someth negative neutral attempting to neutral ( negative neutral what happened to hnegative the neutral neutral ) , jiri positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral - neutral if neutral neutral hasn't neutral positive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive counterstriker to hpositive holes to positive with jiri , and neutral of these neutral , neutral neutral positive positive . neutral the hnegative hpositive , gastelum showed that izzi neutral weaker neutral neutral , and jiri uses neutral and neutral intensifier neutral ( neutral neutral neutral with vadim nemkov neutral negative neutral ) . if jiri neutral neutral izzi 's counters and hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive for him to positive amidst the negative neutral outpacing izzi . hpositive , the glover neutral showed that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral for him - neutral intensifier intensifier than neutral positive for izzi , and negative jiri 's neutral neutral negative all-action neutral , mixing neutral takedowns could neutral intensifier positive . neutral that neutral , hnegative , we neutral negator positive what jiri 's takedowns neutral positive against positive neutral - hnegative minutes of neutral neutral against glover , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral that neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral against reyes , hpositive , negator that that positive what anyon remembers neutral that neutral , intensifier neutral positive rewatch and neutral how that neutral looked . neutral intensifier , neutral positive neutral that , if jiri positive hnegative neutral , neutral positive positive him - neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral escapes and reversals than neutral takedowns neutral the glover neutral , and neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral showed hpositive neutral neutral from jiri - negator neutral to positive , positive , that neutral would negator neutral diminisher against izzi . hnegative , neutral positive the negative negative neutral that positive jiri 's neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral with neutral hands positive against neutral neutral hpositive neutral izzi hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive - intensifier positive match-up , and neutral neutral negative to neutral that neutral , intensifier becaus neutral positive hpositive that neutral ends neutral neutral neutral snoozer . ( neutral : hpositive neutral the rewatch . reyes cracks jiri with neutral neutral neutral , and jiri shoots neutral neutral . neutral lands positive hnegative neutral diminisher hpositive , neutral neutral diminisher gets decapitated neutral negative upkick . ) neutral positive , if izzi neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , hpositive positive mw , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral lhw neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive for him . that positive negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher of neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral fucked if neutral finds positive neutral and fights alex neutral neutral neutral where alex positive negator neutral lbs to hpositive neutral .
neutral negator positive they positive
neutral could negator hpositive your neutral . thi positive sucks .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative negative neutral negative . neutral neutral whittaker hnegative , negator positive neutral neutral neutral and positive kod the neutral neutral hehe
diminisher " neutral and neutral " intensifier " overhooks neutral the neutral and feints "
neutral points and neutral neutral neutral hnegative of them . of neutral , izzi positive neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the ufc neutral the neutral ( volk and pereira neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral and neutral positive neutral that izzi positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral than neutral of them ) . if izzi neutral neutral the neutral positive , neutral neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral lhw . hnegative , that positive the positive negative - neutral neutral neutral neutral positive against positive guys . neutral negative that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that . what neutral neutral cardio neutral positive neutral ? how neutral positive neutral cardio neutral neutral if neutral gets into neutral prolonged neutral neutral with guys neutral ? craig neutral negator neutral the positive takedowns neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral neutral . if craig neutral neutral izzi and neutral neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral , izzi positive neutral subbed . izzi has hpositive neutral neutral neutral craig pulls hnegative submissions against guys with izzi 's negative of neutral neutral neutral hpositive ( ankalaev ) . rakic , if neutral recovers intensifier from the neutral hnegative , positive neutral neutral hnegative for izzi . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and takedowns neutral neutral to neutral izzi negative . neutral neutral neutral krylov neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to izzi . jiri vs izzi would neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus , positive you neutral , jiri positive neutral izzi and neutral negative . izzi would neutral the intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral if jiri keeps neutral the neutral and gets takedowns , izzi would neutral neutral negative . jiri could positive subreddit izzi and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative that finishes him . we neutral negator negative neutral ankalaev . neutral neutral neutral could neutral problems to izzi negative becaus neutral positive intensifier hpositive positive and neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral . the negative positive how neutral positive and stronger izzi neutral neutral . neutral neutral what we neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator positive and hpositive neutral . that positive neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral has the skills to neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negative positive the positive positive .
izzi 's negator positive him . how 's neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive hnegative , neutral positive pereira vs adesanya
neutral negative if neutral wins b̶o̶t̶h̶ neutral fights neutral neutral negator negator neutral - neutral
negator neutral positive negator . to of those fights positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral
neutral if they neutral neutral and hpositive themselv neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral vs neutral
positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral playing neutral games against my neutral , we neutral negator neutral the neutral when we neutral games . to neutral their neutral neutral . thi positive their neutral . neutral their mma neutral .
neutral heard him negative neutral thi neutral neutral podcast neutral the neutral and usman neutral and neutral neutral belal and coby neutral hpositive neutral . neutral thi positive neutral neutral and the ufc neutral neutral to neutral with whoever sells intensifier and that positive neutral neutral should negative to neutral becaus that neutral hpositive him intensifier neutral .
hnegative 's neutral hnegative izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive tyron woodley ( neutral hnegative of neutral losses ) and jorg masvidal ( neutral hnegative neutral and neutral negative ) with neutral hpositive losses to kamuru usman . neutral what neutral neutral that hpositive neutral ?
negator intensifier neutral hnegative neutral unless thi positive diminisher neutral of neutral neutral to neutral colby to hnegative to edwards neutral and positive for diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to where neutral neutral neutral him neutral
neutral 's neutral how neutral r/mma neutral neutral the neutral negative of neutral hnegative neutral of bitches neutral thi neutral
hnegative neutral negator my positive
wtf ! ? ! neutral negative neutral knuckles neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral . neutral neutral positive that “ colby neutral neutral neutral neutral everyon ” , if neutral hpositive “ neutral neutral neutral ” ( neutral hpositive neutral ) against neutral hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral when your neutral wins sinc neutral neutral neutral negative with that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diaz sinc that neutral neutral *and* you neutral neutral neutral fights neutral that neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral anyon 's neutral to hpositive that positive negator bullshit positive jorg 's neutral
neutral we neutral hnegative neutral into neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
vinc has positive neutral neutral for neutral diminisher neutral and neutral positive positive neutral our positive neutral
hnegative positive hpositive neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral izzi losses neutral neutral negator neutral " neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral per neutral and neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral my neutral " neutral started neutral contenders and neutral fighters . becaus that positive what neutral neutral positive deserves neutral neutral neutral neutral . colby positive neutral negative .
neutral : neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral positive plz .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
negative
the positive positive neutral and butthurt neutral comments neutral colby positive the neutral positive neutral to hpositive . neutral positive intensifier polarizing neutral positive neutral .
neutral whittaker positive facts neutral positive
neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral hpositive and hpositive with hpositive . neutral sounds negative neutral fuck from neutral things neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral knuckles
neutral shittaker becaus you hpositive neutral has shit takes multistop
of neutral neutral whittaker positive defending neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral how neutral likes to positive positive neutral neutral / the neutral
for intensifier . we hpositive whittaker
neutral looked neutral tapology , neutral the neutral ws and called neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral becaus of the neutral neutral neutral with colby . hpositive , if neutral served neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for edwards-usman to positive neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral where burns neutral the neutral of woodley and neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive for neutral purposes , neutral neutral gonna neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , which positive that neutral positive positive hnegative hnegative neutral positive of colby neutral neutral the neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ( neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to the neutral ) , neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral shows that the neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral negative . colby has negator wins neutral anyon neutral the neutral hnegative has neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral wins neutral and and arguably neutral the neutral neutral the neutral ( negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral positive ) . hpositive , thi positive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral hnegative neutral hnegative would positive with colby . neutral neutral negator neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
if anyth neutral would neutral positive to neutral .
neutral neutral thi . hnegative positive hnegative neutral . neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral of thi hnegative .
you neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral with him . hnegative positive neutral of my favourite fighters neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral shit neutral . neutral positive neutral my neutral disliked neutral if neutral neutral neutral and neutral colby neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral would neutral neutral with him .
they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral neutral hnegative neutral with neutral negative neutral they neutral negator positive
neutral neutral hated him multiexclamation
neutral neutral positive positive hnegative hnegative neutral positive of colby neutral neutral the neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ( neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to the neutral ) , neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral shows that the neutral neutral negator treally hpositive neutral the neutral negative . colby has negator wins neutral anyon neutral the neutral hnegative has neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral wins neutral and and arguably neutral the neutral neutral the neutral ( negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral positive ) .
*gives neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with* neutral positive neutral neutral ! hnegative him !
neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive hpositive toeing that neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral of colby , positive fights to neutral neutral into neutral .
positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral you that when asked neutral negative neutral , neutral refused to positive that neutral neutral positive negative positive with neutral neutral .
negator intensifier , colby neutral negator neutral deserves the neutral . neutral positive neutral and hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral . belal and khamzat neutral intensifier hpositive . belal has neutral with neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral fights .
neutral . thi subreddit positive intensifier positive .
neutral peterson positive hpositive mainstream intensifier neutral positive negator that negative that neutral knuckles positive sucked into the petersonosphere
hahhaha neutral hpositive
ah fuck what neutral neutral neutral ?
negator gonna neutral , that positive intensifier neutral than neutral neutral into neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral with the escorts neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral of neutral . woodley neutral neutral hnegative the usman neutral and positive that neutral neutral neutral and hpositive than neutral . and positive burns neutral neutral neutral neutral him .
keyword neutral neutral . burns positive neutral neutral neutral , colby positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hnegative neutral .
positive facts thi seems positive neutral hpositive neutral of negative mma neutral neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral someth neutral the neutral that neutral negator intensifier positive them becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral to intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive . granted , colby has neutral the neutral talked neutral neutral to and mentioned neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral . that neutral , neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive positive neutral positive . if neutral could negative hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral . the positive positive that neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive to negative neutral negative neutral and neutral positive , intensifier neutral if neutral could neutral himself to those attributes neutral neutral diminished , and you negator positive you neutral neutral neutral if you negator neutral neutral uncompromis . neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive intensifier normally-sized for neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral him neutral intensifier neutral with neutral hpositive negative . if anyth , him neutral negative diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral makes neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral has diminisher neutral neutral to neutral and / neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral would hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral of negative hpositive neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral neutral leverages the neutral traits neutral has intensifier neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral to ) , neutral those traits intensifier neutral negator neutral him neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
bro fuck reddit positive the positive lefty neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier scared to positive how they intensifier positive neutral the negative of neutral downvoted
neutral neutral , neutral positive diminisher positive if gaethje neutral negator neutral fiziev neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral if neutral gets neutral poirier positive neutral would neutral him neutral neutral the neutral . you neutral gotta neutral your neutral . neutral neutral neutral fighters that colby could've neutral to neutral neutral into neutral neutral my hnegative . burns , chimaev , belal neutral usman . arguably chimaev and usman neutral negator hpositive neutral intensifier of positive , neutral belal and burns would . neutral thi neutral belal would neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral positive prizefighting neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral for him when neutral hasn't positive the neutral neutral hpositive neutral of positive neutral .
thi subreddit hates colby intensifier neutral they positive negative neutral their positive neutral for negator shitting neutral colby lmao .
the ufc neutral neutral of their neutral to neutral neutral and fuck with fighters neutral neutral negator neutral to their negative and criticise them neutral neutral neutral . they hpositive they neutral neutral neutral neutral mma intensifier they neutral neutral neutral with neutral , negative neutral fighters positive negator negative to negative neutral for pfl neutral neutral fc . criticising the ufc neutral neutral ufc neutral positive neutral with your hpositive and neutral intensifier neutral negator hnegative him . neutral hpositive wants neutral neutral neutral and the ufc provides him that . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral the neutral
khamzat positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive than colby , hasn't neutral neutral ww neutral neutral neutral and has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ww , although neutral could neutral him diminisher intensifier hpositive , belal should neutral the positive neutral negative .
neutral , my positive jizzy appears neutral neutral neutral jp neutral . negator someth neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral negative upptiy that neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral peterson negative sounds intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative whidkerr
negative that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive negator hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from hnegative . to losses neutral years to the greatest ww neutral positive positive .
neutral neutral positive neutral of hnegative neutral watches diminisher neutral of neutral interviews , neutral positive neutral that you neutral that neutral becaus neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral of hpositive for hnegative , lol . if neutral positive neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral you could neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral fighters neutral hnegative divisions , neutral hpositive neutral , " negative neutral , negator meddum , lol . "
positive . hnegative fighters neutral neutral their neutral neutral , neutral contenders , and neutral their neutral . hpositive cuz colby neutral for neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral gets negative neutral . neutral should neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with the neutral . negator the hnegative neutral neutral .
belal positive the positive neutral negative for hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral khamzat deserves neutral intensifier than colby . burns positive neutral neutral intensifier positive positive than masvidal neutral woodley and neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive if burns beats masvidal thi neutral . neutral intensifier neutral , of colby 's neutral diminisher fights positive for the neutral - neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral . khamzat hasn't positive neutral hpositive positive
neutral the neutral of neutral peterson negative neutral lobsters and pseudo-jungian neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and meatballs with your girlfriend neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral they hpositive neutral positive benzos
neutral positive negator that positive . the neutral that the neutral “ positive ” neutral positive neutral losses positive positive negator neutral hpositive neutral .
you positive you positive neutral neutral to the peterson neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral the rda , , neutral woodley and masvidal neutral the neutral of their neutral . neutral neutral neutral to rounds neutral neutral of those fights . neutral neutral losses neutral those years positive neutral and against the greatest ww neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral if neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral neutral . you hpositive neutral losses to neutral the neutral positive becaus usman positive that neutral and they positive neutral fights . negator neutral intensifier challenged him until edwards to .
woodley and masvidal positive negator hpositive wins neutral the neutral , hnegative those rankings . woodley neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral of mma and masvidal positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral of mma negative neutral thi neutral neutral if neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral . hnegative , rda and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive wins neutral neutral they happened years neutral .
negative that with positive , hpositive neutral , and positive that neutral with the neutral of neutral of to killers earns neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral of the neutral , the neutral takes neutral of you . we neutral negative our employers to neutral neutral of neutral when we neutral neutral and neutral , neutral would thi neutral neutral hpositive ?
masvidal neutral negator neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral what ? neutral neutral neutral to colby and usman neutral the neutral years . neutral neutral positive neutral burns . neutral intensifier positive ww 's .
if neutral neutral negator for neutral flukey positive askren positive , neutral would neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral idk if the neutral and diaz wins positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral colby . those guys neutral negator positive neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral masvidal neutral to , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive *beat* that positive neutral neutral shit lol . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive wins neutral neutral .
that neutral anyth neutral neutral positive intensifier of hpositive . neutral planned neutral and neutral what askren neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral we neutral to neutral positive magny , , thompson and woodley neutral neutral contenders neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive ? they neutral neutral wins neutral of negator positive . hpositive neutral bringing neutral neutral neutral of how they neutral neutral .
" neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative that hnegative positive to diminisher neutral of neutral , neutral neutral mma — and neutral neutral — colazzo neutral allowed to neutral fights neutral ufc san antonio the neutral neutral hnegative neutral of the all-time refereeing blunders " positive to mma , where neutral neutral negator consequences
the neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral ; “ neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral to the armbar , becaus neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral . ” - gianni vazquez
that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . im neutral hnegative and could neutral the neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
that neutral neutral horrifying to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative . colazzo positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral , and the neutral neutral for the neutral officials neutral neutral negator . if neutral neutral negator consequences for neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral and mma neutral neutral . neutral neutral officiated years neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral someth has changed neutral neutral neutral negator neutral has . for neutral , you neutral to neutral neutral ranks of neutral neutral from years neutral to neutral neutral to neutral masters , positive neutral . that positive positive bouts neutral neutral . for mma , negator positive that exists . you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral moved to neutral diminisher positive and neutral positive neutral hnegative the commissioners hnegative of you . neutral neutral , mma refs neutral neutral mma fighters and reffing positive negator hpositive hpositive the neutral . reffing positive negative how to neutral situations and neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negator to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . the hnegative neutral of mma refs ( and officials ) neutral neutral from neutral neutral dojo owners . neutral neutral negator neutral that the neutral neutral neutral of neutral kim neutral neutral denver positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive him hpositive . positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive standup ? neutral knows becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral positive for neutral negative neutral and the bjj neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral positive to relationships for mma officiating . if the commish thinks you neutral negative asshole becaus neutral neutral you hammered neutral negative neutral you positive negator neutral neutral ( positive for neutral positive ) , you neutral cooked . if neutral positive neutral televised neutral , the neutral actors neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral - neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral has neutral neutral of officials - they positive neutral aspects of officiating neutral their neutral . mma neutral has the states neutral neutral to neutral neutral aspects . they neutral neutral managers and negator neutral neutral .
intensifier the hnegative refereeing neutral neutral mma neutral . how dies neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral mma judging ( which thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral ufc neutral ) and refereeing ? neutral should neutral neutral and if negator , neutral the neutral neutral the neutral should neutral sued for neutral
fr neutral neutral scared we positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral
what the fuck neutral thi dudes neutral neutral dure neutral of thi multiquestion
neutral neutral that neutral positive the refs hnegative , neutral would neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral to neutral to neutral diminisher neutral of gentlemen 's neutral where ( if the neutral fails to neutral neutral ) neutral lets the neutral neutral , and walks neutral . positive the hnegative neutral 's neutral acknowledges the negative and stops the neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? if that positive my neutral neutral would neutral to neutral someth to neutral the neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to and positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral they neutral hpositive neutral hnegative if negator intensifier becaus they neutral neutral neutral neutral with him and neutral to hpositive neutral neutral my positive they neutral the positive scumbags neutral
that neutral sucks neutral hpositive neutral positive positive positive hnegative to neutral neutral to neutral . the neutral neutral your neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral your neutral . intensifier neutral if you neutral hnegative the neutral neutral to the neutral , the neutral that positive positive neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral minutes . that positive neutral negative you neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral minutes which positive hnegative to neutral . if you negative neutral for neutral diminisher seconds to neutral your neutral neutral neutral your neutral the negative positive neutral diminisher intensifier hnegative neutral neutral and neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral *actually trying* to neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral negative and neutral neutral using neutral neutral neutral someth .
neutral hnegative neutral
thi positive intensifier positive and hnegative .
hnegative . that neutral should negator neutral neutral fights neutral .
mma positive the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
negator consequences for neutral the rules neutral . neutral your opponents neutral intensifier they negator neutral neutral neutral neutral from that neutral ? neutral you positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral yo to ‘watch your weapons' .
neutral leagues neutral negator neutral consequences for shitty positive neutral i.e. nba , nfl , etc .
negator neutral that the organisations should neutral negative with their wallets . the neutral sucks intensifier that positive negative . negator intensifier mma neutral neutral . if you neutral the ufc neutral negative neutral neutral neutral killed neutral the neutral positive to diminisher thicko neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral mainstream mma neutral sees thi and neutral to you intensifier neutral thi intensifier that intensifier neutral positive hpositive the neutral workings of thi
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than hours neutral lmao
neutral to them , they neutral to neutral the neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral .
for the fights thi hnegative neutral and if neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator my neutral . neutral neutral for hnegative positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral positive released neutral than negative neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral of hnegative . neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral , hnegative that positive the neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral rushes neutral to positive and resumes neutral , you hnegative the neutral , that positive someth that would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
what ? neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral them . neutral positive negator neutral neutral 's hnegative that the neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral neutral neutral .
humans hnegative negator neutral that positive , neutral neutral negator that hnegative to positive life-long neutral negative

neutral neutral nerd
neutral negative levels of hpositive to thi neutral terms of neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral of neutral from neutral neutral the neutral , neutral varying degrees of positive , neutral neutral neutral swindlers , the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) . negative neutral 🇺🇸🇺🇸
negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral hpositive than thi neutral , neutral neutral the neutral of neutral .
hpositive becaus they neutral positive hpositive neutral damaged neutral minutes neutral negator neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , and hpositive neutral the neutral " neutral positive " neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral for the mystique of neutral arts neutral to negator hpositive the neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , sinc neutral hnegative negator positive neutral ) would positive the negative , neutral that the neutral would diminisher neutral cranking negative armbar neutral negative neutral neutral than negative hnegative neutral neutral would positive neutral .
for neutral , neutral fabricio werdum vs renan ferreira
neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral ?
that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral you…
how neutral neutral and you neutral the prelims ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of , negative haha
neutral diminisher hpositive , diminisher - - we positive mayra bueno neutral / stephani neutral diminisher neutral . bueno neutral rotates for negative armbar from neutral , neutral diminisher neutral , lets neutral and screams neutral positive neutral neutral tapped neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative for neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral ) ruled neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier the neutral stops the neutral neutral of the neutral . with knockouts neutral positive hpositive hnegative submissions neutral gets trickier . neutral neutral negative how that neutral neutral neutral becaus of how neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral .
negator the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral ignored .
idk neutral you neutral intensifier obsessed with that neutral , neutral neutral touches neutral the hpositive neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral and when neutral talks neutral hnegative factors neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to your neutral . the negative of neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral of neutral concerns neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral to neutral . you hpositive what positive negator hnegative ? neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral hnegative . if neutral neutral positive defending themselv neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral of those things , and neutral intensifier if they neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral for neutral seconds . neutral if thi neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral , with negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to hpositive hnegative the neutral neutral negative neutral ? positive , that positive *significanly* intensifier of neutral positive neutral .
how neutral you vs neutral neutral and diminisher neutral neutral the prelims ?
neutral neutral positive lets neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral for ya . youre neutral . hnegative neutral neutral ya
positive dr . neutral neutral of your credentials neutral the negative neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral ##any## neutral of neutral positive hnegative for your hpositive . neutral neutral persons neutral positive hpositive and reacts hpositive to neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral . neutral hpositive positive neutral mlb neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit that neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral with intensifier neutral hnegative . neutral neutral looked intensifier fucked . diminisher stitches neutral and homie positive negative to neutral neutral . negator positive bones , negator hnegative . neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral bicep positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral with neutral neutral everybodi 's neutral bodies and what positive “ negator hnegative ” for neutral becaus you neutral negator hpositive shit
neutral neutral neutral , and hpositive we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and mma . neutral hpositive seems hpositive to neutral that we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral negator negative to positive the subreddit and hnegative the neutral . neutral hpositive mma positive neutral neutral and neutral arts neutral detoured neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral arts neutral neutral neutral , neutral that positive intensifier negative to neutral .
negative that positive fucked neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral tko
the neutral must've positive juicing
positive osha , rules and regs neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive for neutral intensifier of mma commissions neutral neutral . neutral negator hpositive neutral .
lol you neutral mma junkie when asked neutral positive credentials . you should neutral neutral the neutral from neutral to neutral hnegative neutral anyth neutral neutral taco neutral neutral .
dunning kruger neutral the negative , hpositive neutral
that positive hnegative neutral neutral intensifier of levels hnegative positive positive for educating neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral
that has negator to neutral with neutral . you positive asked for neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral to someth that neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive neutral of neutral for anyth hnegative than " what neutral you guys neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral neutral ? " .
you neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral issues that hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive ?
neutral neutral neutral ama , intensifier
sagui
hyped for neutral , neutral usa gonna neutral neutral negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral
negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral thi neutral .
and masvidal positive the neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral fc neutral positive askren
neutral neutral neutral neutral knees to neutral positive negative should neutral neutral negative
you gotta hype neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral post-fight neutral neutral positive the downed negative neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral , which makes positive neutral that neutral neutral of neutral neutral fights neutral the neutral
neutral positive fights neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative to moraes
neutral neutral to buckley neutral rogan neutral became neutral intensifier intensifier negative to neutral , neutral intensifier rooting for him thi neutral intensifier sinc buckley neutral the ufc hpositive positive him to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to positive neutral wanted
intensifier of neutral neutral neutral to neutral gastelum - what neutral you lads neutral ?
hnegative if buckley neutral neutral neutral neutral
diminisher ironic buckley positive kod from neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive buckelys neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher years neutral .
neutral joe positive neutral neutral of neutral the positive hpositive neutral countered with and missed . neutral hey what positive positive .
buckley positive gonna neutral neutral negative neutral neutral you that
neutral would they neutral him to neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral lbs neutral
buckley positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral osbourne 's diminisher negative positive podcast neutral diminisher months neutral neutral with jamahal neutral and ufc cutman positive . neutral neutral positive them neutral intensifier negative . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral negative admitting how neutral neutral positive and hpositive negator hnegative neutral trolls lol . neutral you neutral the neutral quoting sean strickland where these neutral neutral and buckley neutral the neutral positive becaus of their styles neutral neutral neutral positive chri would positive neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral to jiri neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier ? neutral positive to neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral " neutral facs " " positive facs " and " neutral neutral " neutral and neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier negative to neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral loses neutral to neutral positive with the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral means gastelum positive positive neutral neutral armbar .
neutral positive has the positive tdd neutral the ufc neutral neutral ( positive ) , neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive , depends neutral how positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral takes neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral positive surprised neutral the neutral fridge neutral .
gastelum positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral with the negative and neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral and neutral hpositive diminisher neutral neutral , hnegative would negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral
hpositive neutral thi , neutral neutral neutral positive punches to neutral 's neutral and you could neutral they positive chri . and neutral neutral they neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and strickland neutral hnegative neutral him to neutral the neutral . hpositive someth to neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral negative neutral neutral , hpositive that neutral neutral the ufc neutral wanted to positive positive to and they wanted him to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral could positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative
neutral should neutral kevin neutral neutral
neutral , that positive my neutral positive when neutral neutral that what sean neutral , strickland positive neutral positive neutral ? lol , neutral neutral , positive and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral how buckley would neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral the hpositive of chri neutral neutral .
diminisher neutral hpositive neutral others the hnegative neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral reddit intensifier neutral knows if neutral positive positive hpositive .
neutral tdd positive neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral negator neutral neutral thi
neutral ? neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral ww negative sinc buckley would positive neutral intensifier positive neutral the neutral .
hpositive intensifier neutral neutral thi subreddit positive thi , neutral negative neutral folks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive others that their neutral neutral to neutral neutral 's negative has diminisher neutral neutral that everyon should neutral with ( dustin positive hnegative , izzi positive negative , etc )
neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral the cheers neutral neutral neutral where diminisher neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral positive neutral , fuck neutral krause
positive neutral intensifier positive hnegative for the wwe neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with vincenzo mcmahono neutral neutral the neutral neutral having neutral neutral of hhhs neutral the ufc neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral diminisher shit
the neutral neutral of neutral negative when your positive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral , the neutral rockhold of analysing neutral the wwe neutral .
vinc mcmahon positive neutral 's neutral neutral ( neutral neutral of them ) . emmanuel positive hpositive neutral him contained to the neutral neutral of things neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral that neutral owns of the ufc
they neutral hpositive neutral for neutral hikes and neutral neutral costs negative . neutral neutral hpositive if positive merges wwe neutral and neutral neutral sinc consolidating neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral hbo / neutral neutral
intensifier vinc neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral heirs ( neutral , son-in-law and neutral ) from neutral neutral ?
neutral positive negator positive the neutral neutral , neutral owns neutral neutral of the positive neutral neutral to the neutral of neutral shares neutral wwe . thi positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral outcomes intensifier positive hpositive to hpositive him intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral owns neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral
shocked the neutral with that neutral .
neutral of the neutral hpositive athletes neutral mma neutral . neutral neutral neutral thi neutral for the neutral neutral neutral positive vimeo neutral dailymotion and hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral . for neutral neutral neutral positive finishes , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral cops finishes shocked neutral positive neutral fights where neutral positive ko'd .
hnegative kevin randleman unleashes neutral you with neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral him . positive
hpositive neutral neutral neutral nuts neutral randleman 's neutral . those neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral of negative interactions neutral hpositive fighters .
sucha intensifier hnegative for kevin . neutral neutral neutral
neutral they neutral the neutral to hpositive neutral " neutral " neutral they negator neutral neutral how to deinterlace . neutral neutral neutral from the ufc 's neutral of friends positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral .
the drumsticks neutral those guys , neutral moli . neutral diminisher quads for the neutral of neutral .
crocop positive neutral diminisher neutral of neutral for neutral losses avenged .
kevin neutral to neutral my positive with neutral pre-fight jumps . neutral negator kev hnegative fedor neutral ? hnegative having those neutral scalps neutral neutral negative !
neutral negator neutral kr negator positive of the hnegative neutral neutral died years neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral of randleman jumping neutral positive neutral the ufc neutral pre neutral
hated thi neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral kevin randleman neutral intensifier . neutral seemed positive neutral intensifier positive to neutral neutral neutral interviews . neutral
hpositive hnegative positive into neutral . you hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral the roids neutral that neutral
coleman knocked neutral neutral negative neutral neutral walked hnegative neutral of having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral which would negative him neutral . thi positive neutral hnegative that neutral teenager that neutral mom neutral him to mma neutral for hnegative neutral would neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral hnegative and negator where neutral the negative of positive ufc .
neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral of negative hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of him neutral .
randleman neutral 's the positive atriker neutral negative . neutral negative positive hnegative the neutral negative neutral randleman . positive negator neutral ironic .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
hpositive neutral him positive fedor and neutral neutral him hehe . neutral for intensifier neutral rewatch that , randlemans quads and neutral veins neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral vs neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator hnegative neutral neutral the ufc , the neutral hpositive neutral positive hpositive fucked . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral ratios , and neutral intensifier of neutral neutral from diminisher neutral of highlights neutral . intensifier of the bouts neutral negative entrances and neutral neutral neutral neutral
idk neutral neutral neutral neutral if you negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you hpositive dvds for neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral gp and neutral shockwave neutral neutral ebay . positive hpositive positive them neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral , and slammed fedor neutral neutral neutral that would neutral the neutral of neutral . fedor positive neutral him and positive the negative . neutral positive these fights for the neutral neutral neutral diminisher weeks neutral . intensifier hpositive the neutral hpositive shows , neutral neutral daaaamn diminisher of the match-ups neutral intensifier fuckin negative .
everyon 's neutral someth , neutral to neutral positive that you neutral roids , neutral neutral , and hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive , intensifier neutral intensifier pro-steroid neutral .
thi neutral positive neutral ? thi positive hpositive the hw neutral of khabib neutral mcgregor neutral faking neutral td neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negator neutral to that negative with shit positive .
bro neutral negator you neutral the neutral ? that neutral positive positive neutral positive and you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral you neutral neutral , bb hpositive neutral positive guys neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral negative
when they neutral sourcing the videos from dvds and deciding to negator deinterlace them , neutral intensifier hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral the ufc . >it 's neutral neutral hpositive neutral ratios the dvds neutral neutral >and neutral intensifier of neutral neutral from diminisher neutral of highlights neutral which the ufc neutral . thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral putting neutral neutral dvd ripped videos to youtube multistop
> intensifier of the bouts neutral negative entrances neutral hpositive if that positive neutral neutral rights neutral . neutral positive the dvds positive altered neutral for diminisher entrances .
neutral neutral . neutral when hpositive positive the fights neutral , neutral happened .
neutral positive neutral staph neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative of complications of hnegative and hnegative negative attacks
neutral negator hpositive them to mcgregor and positive negator khabib . neutral negative could neutral the neutral neutral , neutral and neutral jedi neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral the neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral which positive the neutral neutral neutral you should neutral negator neutral . neutral the neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative . neutral neutral positive negator negative negative for that .
neutral neutral negator hpositive , neutral the neutral hpositive neutral published neutral dvd ?
randleman faked the neutral and neutral with the neutral hpositive , which neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral and neutral of neutral . positive the neutral neutral what happened to mcgregor with khabib . neutral strikers positive positive hpositive when neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral from neutral neutral they neutral to neutral neutral to neutral . to negative neutral neutral and hpositive neutral prix winners positive positive negative to positive the neutral . you neutral negator hpositive shit neutral neutral
neutral neutral they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral dvd , positive . neutral neutral claimed that hpositive hpositive neutral them neutral neutral of dvds , and negative of hnegative contracts , when zuffa neutral they neutral . the hpositive tapes , if they neutral neutral neutral , would negator neutral neutral positive thi positive .
neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral neutral than you . positive neutral neutral neutral credentials neutral negator neutral jackshit ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive when diminisher everyon positive neutral neutral positive drivers neutral neutral fighters ) . neutral neutral neutral legs and walked hnegative which you should negator neutral neutral if you neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral you hnegative neutral when you neutral negator neutral your legs . feints neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ) neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral legs the neutral that neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative and neutral would negator knocked him neutral . coleman neutral hnegative to neutral him when neutral negative neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral positive . thi neutral negator neutral neutral mcgregor vs khabib and neutral of them neutral negator neutral their legs and neutral hnegative hnegative steps , intensifier mcgregor to neutral positive . and neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral negative to neutral neutral against coleman sinc neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral becaus neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral and neutral him neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral of the neutral ( neutral positive neutral attacking neutral the neutral neutral neutral )
intensifier , the intensifier you hpositive . positive for negative that neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral prides neutral for hnegative archiving . hpositive where neutral heard that multistop
until umar positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral sandhagen neutral . merab . merab 's neutral neutral that the sandhagen neutral looked intensifier hpositive , merab seemed jazzed neutral the callout , and neutral positive positive neutral intensifier , and neutral negative hnegative diminisher , if neutral against sandhagen neutral neutral neutral neutral chito than if merab fights neutral positive the rankings neutral neutral neutral positive .
positive that cuz neutral cares neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral cuz neutral neutral negator negative that neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral with hpositive neutral intensifier positive
" nurgemomedov " neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive negator the hpositive neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral lmao .
what positive positive neutral neutral , yan and chito neutral neutral hnegative losses and should neutral neutral positive , merab neutral intensifier saiyan and neutral hnegative neutral 's umar def negator hpositive to neutral him positive
neutral negative positive neutral the ufc
neutral would neutral merab ? neutral positive neutral yan neutral chito hpositive neutral intensifier positive
chitto positive neutral the hpositive for umar
what positive the neutral of merab neutral and negative positive contenders positive cori when neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral for the neutral ?
how positive thi neutral positive neutral lol
rankings neutral negator intensifier fuck hnegative neutral 's neutral thi
merab should neutral o'malley . o'malley has neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral hasn't neutral anyth to neutral neutral neutral neutral cori neutral merab . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of them . neutral if merab and cori positive neutral , neutral negator umar vs o'malley ? if umar neutral neutral the negative neutral , neutral negator the negative to neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral hpositive negative to neutral umar fights , hpositive umar would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ranking .
neutral neutral diminisher years merab and neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral guys with that neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral of the neutral neutral hpositive neutral " friends "
neutral positive negator neutral neutral umar should neutral the neutral and neutral others .
neutral neutral negator hpositive positive for merab to neutral umar
neutral neutral with aljamain neutral neutral . umar nurmagomedov positive low-ranked neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ; neutral , neutral deserves to neutral neutral . positive , neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral negative , intensifier that you neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral hnegative losses should neutral their neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative wins should neutral to neutral . sinc neutral petr yan and marlon vera neutral neutral hnegative losses , neutral makes positive that they would neutral neutral positive . merab dvalishvili positive neutral neutral nine-fight positive neutral , intensifier neutral would negator neutral neutral positive for him to neutral the neutral that they neutral to umar nurmagomedov .
merab neutral yan hnegative and positive neutral neutral . neutral positive everyon neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral what happens with aljo / cejudo neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral to positive thi neutral with umar , neutral neutral positive positive and neutral wanna neutral neutral
umar tweeted that neutral neutral neutral and aljalame qt neutral neutral to weeks neutral intensifier of hpositive thi positive what happens when your positive positive neutral the neutral and you negator gonna neutral him ufc positive neutral merba neutral and neutral we positive positive suga multiquestion
merab 's neutral positive hnegative sinc neutral refuses to neutral for the neutral . hpositive him neutral neutral and commers neutral of hpositive everyon 's neutral .
negator hnegative thi positive intensifier positive . merab neutral positive positive positive negative with negator hpositive .
the neutral neutral happened neutral / suga vs yan , & aljo wanted to neutral suga neutral of neutral .
neutral would negative merab neutral negative usman . usman neutral neutral intensifier positive and chito neutral yan neutral that neutral neutral . hpositive hpositive neutral neutral positive chito neutral intensifier neutral , neutral positive intensifier positive that and positive neutral positive outa the neutral .
merab positive neutral umar . neutral neutral positive , neutral anytime to cori neutral neutral " injuries " to umar .
neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive for to neutral
lol umar positive negative , neutral positive neutral the neutral negative
if neutral positive hpositive that merab positive negator neutral aljo , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral neutral hnegative hnegative neutral contenders . neutral would hpositive hpositive neutral playing negative for aljo neutral hpositive of neutral fights for him . if neutral neutral negator negative aljo hpositive neutral him positive fights against negative neutral guys until ajo loses neutral moves neutral . which positive neutral neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral until aljo cejudo positive neutral neutral my hnegative .
neutral thi subreddit positive neutral neutral with aljo / merabs positive ? neutral you guys positive anyth ?
neutral a*n* ~~strange twist~~ *unremarkable statement* , neutral aljo positive negator neutral favour of neutral positive merab neutral umar nurgemomedov - *bro intensifier ? *
that positive negator neutral to aljo , if the ufc offers merab the neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral whether to positive neutral hnegative to neutral umar . neutral neutral neutral negator positive that umar has hpositive neutral than merab . neutral would neutral umar 's hardest neutral and neutral toughest matchup neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral of neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the aljomerab positive seems positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative . positive intensifier stacked , with intensifier neutral hpositive positive fighters , hpositive styles , that aljo positive negator neutral the neutral for neutral neutral of defenses . cejudo hnegative neutral neutral aljo , negative him to and we neutral having to positive neutral the medan / aljo neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive fights neutral the neutral of that neutral , merab should negator neutral to neutral positive , neutral him negative to neutral for the neutral neutral means the ufc positive neutral to neutral to steamroll him positive the rankings .
neutral neutral the ufc hnegative merab they positive neutral him to neutral fights against neutral thi neutral . the neutral neutral negator negative to neutral .
neutral of thi neutral . o'malley vs sandhagen and co neutral merab vs umar
intensifier o'malley hpositive waits for neutral negative neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral yan ?
they neutral gotta neutral positive merab to positive to positive neutral positive talked neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral him contenders . neutral positive hpositive neutral contenders for negator neutral if aljo keeps neutral .
aljo 's neutral to neutral to neutral neutral we neutral neutral to neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral . positive if neutral and tito refused to neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative tito 's contenders
the neutral neutral makes positive positive becaus the ufc neutral negator negative merab neutral hnegative contenders when neutral positive negator neutral the neutral .
of neutral neutral positive negator , neutral wants to neutral the neutral and for merab to neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral positive wishes neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral the neutral if neutral of them neutral umar . neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive wishes calls neutral uamr and neutral 's hpositive positive neutral ranking positive negator the neutral neutral .
tbh gotta neutral with aljo neutral thi neutral , umar positive neutral with barcelos neutral neutral positive positive . merab positive the negative neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive to neutral umar neutral neutral , yadong , neutral munhoz neutral .
neutral positive negative to neutral that negative ojeda could neutral scrolling thi subreddit and typing neutral neutral neutral positive " bro what ? sandhagen neutral ? chito neutral robbed multiexclamation "
yep . sandhagen vs merab makes intensifier neutral positive , sandhagen would positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral if neutral neutral the champs neutral , negative aljo neutral him intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive thi and neutral ali positive intensifier diminisher negator negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral guys " signing the positive "
positive
neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral of him neutral neutral neutral with o'malley for neutral if merab wins sinc neutral merab positive negator neutral him . hpositive aljo neutral neutral merab to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral from him and neutral neutral neutral fights and hpositive matchups .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , umar neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral should neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive becaus neutral knows umar positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral for merab than sandhagen . the positive positive , the ufc positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive for the neutral neutral neutral .
negator cares neutral ufcs negative rankings neutral you
if you neutral positive neutral mma for the neutral hnegative years , neutral positive positive nurmagomedov should neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral . we neutral positive positive of them neutral to organizations .
umar neutral named neutral the neutral gemomed
neutral positive neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral rolls hnegative the neutral for neutral positive when neutral positive the neutral intensifier neutral that positive neutral . nurma-go-medov . that positive neutral of how neutral positive neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral khabib neutral
merab and sandhagen neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral fights with intensifier hpositive styles and neutral neutral callout / / neutral hpositive makes negative neutral positive . how positive thi negator the neutral that positive neutral ?
if merab neutral negator negative to neutral for the neutral neutral should negator neutral allowed to hpositive neutral hnegative hnegative neutral contenders . hpositive neutral him neutral the neutral hnegative hnegative neutral negative neutral guys we neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive negator neutral . hpositive positive bullshit . neutral neutral guys neutral hnegative neutral guys and lets neutral neutral wins . thi neutral to neutral the hpositive of the ufc .
neutral doesn‘t negative to neutral for the neutral intensifier neutral doesn‘t negative neutral neutral .
negator , neutral umar vs merab neutral cori fights sean o'malley neutral positive positive intensifier *fun* than cori vs merab .
imo umar hpositive the neutral , neutral the neutral should neutral neutral , neutral yan / chito hpositive positive .
eh neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher negative . the neutral neutral has neutral and neutral the neutral neutral , neutral sharpens neutral and neutral that positive . they neutral diminisher positive co champs neutral neutral neutral
masvidal and colby negative neutral negator clogged the neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral
becaus rankings negator negative when the neutral neutral neutral the of the neutral negator negative the neutral
when sean and yan neutral they positive and intensifier you negator neutral that negative
imo neutral makes positive when you neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral refuses to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive positive to neutral him neutral with hnegative neutral neutral challengers ( neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral ) intensifier neutral negator positive neutral negative neutral against him
hpositive positive how suga positive neutral intensifier of hpositive and ccc positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negative for everyon neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral with neutral aljo / cejudo . if cejudo wins , positive merab neutral negative neutral for the neutral . if aljo wins , neutral positive neutral neutral to
neutral neutral neutral negator . if they neutral neutral neutral neutral the khabib neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral . with neutral positive neutral ccc , aljalame positive neutral neutral
neutral the umar merab neutral positive intensifier neutral intensifier neutral and positive than merab ragdolling everyon neutral
neutral would you neutral against merab that positive neutral the neutral
neutral what happens when negator neutral neutral neutral neutral them wants to neutral umar ?
positive negator that positive what sean neutral when neutral neutral yan ? neutral ranking and everyth .
neutral negator positive than o'malley neutral neutral when neutral neutral yan , neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral hnegative hpositive neutral intensifier of positive positive . neutral merab and umar neutral intensifier neutral earmarked to neutral neutral champions of the neutral . for the hpositive neutral merab , defeating umar neutral neutral neutral neutral smarter neutral to neutral having to neutral him neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral hnegative for the neutral that neutral would neutral prospects neutral of contenders you would hnegative neutral of the neutral prospects hype neutral
positive negator merab neutral the neutral ? if neutral positive negator neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral o'malley neutral if neutral neutral the ufc neutral neutral negator positive neutral that becaus neutral neutral intensifier hpositive merab beats him and positive they hnegative neutral neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
sean neutral when fightin yan
the rankings neutral neutral positive neutral closest to neutral neutral neutral multistop merab positive neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral intensifier neutral ranking means intensifier negator imo
what neutral neutral cody when neutral neutral cruz ?
o'malley vs yan
negative that positive positive multistop intensifier negator positive
neutral the contenders neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive matchups for aljo . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral with juijutsu that neutral neutral neutral with you neutral the feet . neutral positive positive neutral neutral hardest matchup neutral petr yan and neutral dillashaw .chito would've positive masterclassed , , neutral malley would've positive mauled negative , , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral aljo neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative matchup for aljo neutral
aljo beats them neutral . neutral him neutral the cejudo and neutral sean neutral and positive neutral neutral .
that positive the hnegative . neutral positive called neutral everyon neutral the neutral neutral negator positive neutral him
>the ufc positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive for the neutral neutral neutral . they intensifier hpositive neutral that . merab hpositive neutral yan neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral aljo .
neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral intensifier positive and intensifier neutral
neutral positive the neutral for neutral positive , neutral neutral trauma-blocked the neutral
pbuh
neutral positive spelled how neutral sounds , which positive neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive for neutral speakers . neutral should negator neutral that hpositive !
neutral neutral wants to hpositive merab hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral to neutral merab the toughest neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral him neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral the ceo of spamming takedowns per neutral for rounds neutral to neutral and neutral neutral negator negative yan to neutral obliterated neutral umar . intensifier umar vs merab makes positive neutral my neutral , sandhagen neutral neutral o'malley , and yan neutral neutral chito .
neutral should negator neutral hnegative the neutral prospects neutral multistop neutral neutral him against neutral that neutral positive negator umar neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral prospects of the neutral if neutral neutral umar thi neutral
they should negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral / avoiding matchups positive bullshit . neutral neutral positive if neutral neutral positive interferes with positive neutral scheduled neutral with your neutral , neutral neutral neutral , etc . neutral to neutral fighters hnegative neutral that they positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive the neutral multistop that to neutral should neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral that you positive neutral neutral you positive neutral negative and we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with to hnegative competitors and hpositive you neutral neutral neutral from the negative . neutral neutral neutral of fighters neutral for neutral fights , neutral hnegative fighters , etc . if they neutral neutral for the neutral and negator to positive neutral the positive of the positive positive they neutral neutral neutral to wwe neutral that positive owns that neutral neutral and neutral the hpositive fighters / competitors neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral . and you negator hnegative the ufc for negator positive to neutral merab with neutral neutral challengers . neutral makes positive to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral against him if they neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral , and if they neutral hpositive the neutral wins
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the $$$$
they neutral intensifier negative negator the hnegative , masvidal and colby positive neutral neutral hnegative
masvidal and colby positive hnegative , negator negative
they positive neutral , neutral positive that neutral neutral negator neutral the negative of neutral merab and negator the neutral guys named ? neutral they negator neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral fuck hpositive becaus the neutral neutral negator negative to fuck neutral neutral neutral with neutral of neutral positive friends for neutral neutral should neutral positive ? neutral positive intensifier ironic how intensifier neutral fans hnegative neutral how neutral intensifier of mma fighters neutral shitty neutral neutral when neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral and negative neutral neutral they neutral negative with him neutral fucked , positive they neutral surprised we neutral colbys
to neutral neutral , negator neutral positive sean hpositive that neutral
sean positive neutral neutral that positive hpositive
merab / aljo says aljo should neutral o'malley neutral neutral moves neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher than minutes when neutral neutral the neutral neutral , , intensifier neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier fights for the neutral
merab hasn't ragdolled anyon neutral neutral neutral fights lol . neutral neutral to hpositive negator hpositive what that neutral means neutral . what khabib neutral to neutral trujillo positive neutral ragdolling . what merab neutral to yan and aldo positive hpositive weaponizing neutral amd neutral neutral .
\*failing to neutral positive neutral , negator ragdolling
sandhagen , o'malley , cejudo if neutral loses to aljo . neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive options than umar for merab
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive merab neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral and could neutral neutral for neutral neutral if neutral beats aljo neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral things ?
negator neutral neutral the neutral diminisher months neutral neutral rounds
umar keeps neutral dudes neutral diminisher neutral him and neutral moves neutral when the neutral neutral him hnegative .
everyon neutral that neutral negative when neutral happened lol
yan neutral neutral hnegative negative merab neutral negator
and that neutral neutral positive denounced neutral hnegative neutral . if someth hnegative happened neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral
unless they neutral him
besid the neutral that your neutral positive positive hnegative , everyon positive neutral umar . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . how positive neutral neutral to neutral rankings ? neutral 's positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral negative for months intensifier of hpositive merab neutral negator negative neutral titleshot intensifier neutral neutral positive hnegative . him neutral titleshot neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral you neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral that neutral negator negative neutral neutral .
yan neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative , merab positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral which yan wanted becaus neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative , positive negative hpositive neutral to positive , and sean positive neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral of the largest draws neutral neutral
yan neutral neutral hnegative negative merab positive negator
which positive positive neutral neutral intensifier negative how the ufc has positive creating neutral fights intensifier neutral diminisher and avoiding having the positive neutral the positive becaus neutral could neutral their neutral neutral positive to hnegative neutral . the positive should neutral the positive , neutral . divisions should negator neutral held neutral for years becaus the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative and neutral to neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral and positive . thi shit has to neutral neutral neutral has killed neutral neutral negative divisions .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral him . neutral positive neutral that merab positive neutral toughest positive and neutral hpositive positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to positive neutral neutral neutral ducked , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive to neutral that umar would neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral intensifier neutral if you neutral umar neutral positive negator positive neutral positive diminisher negative , to the hnegative neutral , negative with neutral neutral neutral positive guram kutateladze neutral someth . if you positive you neutral the neutral hyped neutral neutral the neutral with negative neutral neutral and if you hnegative neutral positive negator neutral intensifier negative becaus you neutral to neutral nurmogamedov neutral positive neutral the neutral hyped neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive merab neutral sandhagen for rounds and hogging the neutral neutral negator positive to positive aljo positive negator hpositive for the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral cori neutral positive to neutral merab 's neutral .

neutral we negator positive hnegative him for that of neutral things . merab hogging the neutral and negative to neutral for the neutral makes negator positive neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral contenders for aljo neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral the hardest matchups , neutral fights aljo . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral refuses .
gotta positive neutral hpositive the neutral bangers neutral you suggested . - umar neutral . merab - sandhagen neutral o'malley - yan neutral chito
how neutral ? the neutral of prospects neutral positive wishes neutral positive . neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral contenders neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral positive thi hnegative ?
>i'm neutral of fighters neutral for neutral fights , neutral hnegative fighters , etc . if they neutral neutral for the neutral and negator to positive neutral the positive of the positive positive they neutral neutral neutral to wwe neutral that positive owns that neutral neutral and neutral the hpositive fighters / competitors neutral neutral positive how you neutral neutral thi neutral and hnegative fighters neutral ufc positive neutral to neutral colby neutral titleshot neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative jorg masvidal positive negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral ends .
they should hpositive neutral neutral him aljo and neutral him neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator positive . merab neutral negator neutral positive the neutral to neutral neutral fuck neutral neutral fights neutral what negative positive neutral to their neutral . having him neutral anyon positive hpositive for him than negator having negative negative .
neutral negator positive that o'malley neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the yan ( neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral ) .
rankings neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral to positive neutral neutral fights . merab neutral negator to the neutral , neutral neutral ranking positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral ( positive neutral positive neutral neutral ) and neutral positive the neutral shit for him , neutral gets neutral neutral positive . neutral , the ufc 's positive neutral positive to neutral their contenders . neutral whould they neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive cori with merab neutral of neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive umar ?
if merab neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral the neutral neutral contenders hnegative , neutral positive neutral the neutral and positive negative stacked for that . neutral him neutral the neutral and comers neutral neutral wants neutral neutral .
what neutral gods neutral neutral you neutral neutral ? neutral , neutral makes intensifier positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative the neutral to neutral positive positive for neutral neutral to neutral to the neutral to . positive that positive hpositive neutral positive . neutral positive negator neutral penalized
hpositive
you positive negator neutral familar with the neutral nurmegomedov
neutral neutral lmao
positive neutral neutral ! neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral and umar merab positive the positive pairing for that
o'malley positive neutral for the neutral neutral and cejudo positive negator neutral neutral if neutral loses to aljo . neutral sandhagen positive neutral hpositive neutral and could neutral neutral neutral of those neutral neutral would you neutral ? neutral neutral we neutral hpositive the skillset of umar neutral positive intensifier the neutral neutral we witnessed neutral with neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral reaslitcally should neutral neutral to the neutral hnegative no-one wants to neutral him . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of umar neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative positive if neutral neutral merab , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral matchup to neutral what neutral neutral when neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . if neutral wins positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive the hnegative intensifier neutral and if neutral loses positive the neutral positive neutral that the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral . we neutral neutral crazier things neutral the neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive for corey to neutral sean and neutral their neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral merab has neutral neutral negator neutral alja for the neutral lol . neutral would you neutral your contenders if merab wins ?
neutral should negator neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral him neutral neutral him negative .
neutral the ufc ( neutral books the fights ) sees neutral positive neutral
against the neutral , neutral . neutral neutral merab positive negator neutral to neutral against aljo , intensifier neutral positive neutral positive . neutral neutral negator negative if neutral positive against sandhagen neutral umar , to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral ? you ?
neutral that you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator hnegative multistop
neutral neutral positive held neutral for years , neutral neutral neutral although volk and neutral positive leagues neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative that positive neutral neutral neutral ( the neutral neutral neutral they neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hw
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral overrating the neutral neutral of neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral when neutral gets neutral positions . neutral neutral neutral tj neutral how neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral aljo neutral how that neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral would hpositive for aljo to hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
idk neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with how neutral merab shoots neutral could positive neutral him neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . yan defended neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral him for neutral . intensifier than hpositive cori neutral .
you intensifier negative positive fights with hnegative prospects multistop the neutral prospects would neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral fighters neutral for thi positive . neutral implied neutral should neutral neutral neutral ranking neutral where the positive neutral the positive and neutral contenders should neutral neutral the neutral neutral unless negative hnegative makes them neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral jammed divisions , and neutral fights neutral that positive creates intensifier issues with rankings neutral divisions . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . anyon that positive neutral neutral the neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral the wings for fights for months neutral neutral years . neutral neutral what happened with kumaru and colby , positive neutral neutral masvidal neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral with . neutral neutral how neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and how dustin , gaethje , conor and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral for neutral neutral and jamming neutral the neutral . neutral neutral that they neutral positive fights , neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral positive and hpositive for guys that hpositive neutral fucked neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral lw hpositive negative to neutral neutral positive comers . neutral neutral that gaethje hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative of him neutral poirier neutral neutral dustin has neutral neutral conor ( shouldn't neutral neutral positive neutral positive to negative and losses ) and neutral neutral the neutral years and has neutral negative to olivera . that positive what positive negative . neutral shit has positive neutral with colby . fights the neutral , loses , fights the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , wins , fights the neutral neutral , loses , fights neutral hnegative neutral that neutral to the neutral and wins . neutral hpositive creates neutral hpositive for guys to neutral neutral and makes divisions neutral intensifier hnegative .
and ? if someth hnegative happened neutral positive neutral neutral ?
>merab neutral negator to the neutral , neutral neutral ranking positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral ( positive neutral positive neutral neutral ) and neutral positive the neutral shit for him , neutral gets neutral neutral positive . you guys neutral parroting thi neutral bullshit . merab neutral friends with aljo changes negator neutral the neutral fights . merab positive neutral neutral neutral neutral cejudo and sean . aljo has neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to intensifier defenses . neutral if merab neutral negator friends with aljo neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator 'say no' to the neutral , if neutral wins , merab positive neutral for the neutral . if aljo wins , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral which positive negative the neutral . hpositive becaus neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral positive positive neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the ranking for negator neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral gonna neutral penalized , , we hpositive how neutral positive . and my neutral neutral neutral hpositive addressing how neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral if the neutral neutral negator negative the neutral , , neutral hpositive neutral negator negative to neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral , , hpositive neutral neutral negative to hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative to negative my positive positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral and that positive how merab looks neutral neutral
umar positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral merab neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . and neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral to positive the neutral
neutral neutral we neutral to negative neutral choices hnegative than sandhagen when they neutral negative that neutral and neutral makes positive rankings neutral lol ?
“ o'malley positive neutral for the neutral neutral ” says neutral ? if cejudo wins , merab positive neutral him neutral . if aljo wins , neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral to negative , and merab positive hpositive neutral for the positive neutral . o'malley positive negator neutral the positive negative neutral . neutral diminisher neutral yan neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral should've neutral neutral the hnegative of neutral neutral . merab hpositive neutral neutral yan diminisher than months neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral him neutral hnegative neutral negative ( yan , chito , neutral if neutral loses , etc ) neutral if they neutral negator neutral him positive neutral hpositive has to neutral stacking wins against dudes that positive
neutral intensifier hasn't positive neutral neutral neutral positive - intensifier neutral positive negator hnegative with asking him to neutral neutral martinez .
neutral neutral neutral . positive hpositive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive
neutral everyon when neutral neutral announced . neutral neutral neutral for o'malley neutral that neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher for umar sinc merab positive neutral the positive negative neutral neutral positive wishes neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral
the neutral neutral of ranking positive to neutral neutral the neutral contenders neutral . if you neutral negator negative neutral titleshot , whether you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative has the neutral neutral . neutral , neutral positive hnegative .
those neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral negator wanted to neutral anyon chomping neutral the diminisher to neutral into the neutral neutral neutral what you neutral neutral neutral neutral and volk and neutral neutral negator neutral that they positive and hpositive neutral neutral the positive of the positive neutral their divisions neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral volk , they neutral hpositive cleared the neutral . that negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative divisions . the ufc neutral negator neutral positive neutral their rankings hnegative positive and neutral of fights . negative they positive conor neutral intensifier neutral hnegative losses and negative for diminisher diminisher neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
tj 's neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . you negator hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral , that positive neutral
nah , we would negator neutral neutral of prospects / neutral negative neutral guys for merab to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive bw . you could neutral him against guys positive umar , neutral , jonathon martinez neutral neutral nurmagomedov . merab would negator neutral to against neutral of those guys neutral neutral martinez . neutral neutral neutral neutral guys neutral positive wishes to neutral merab positive positive intensifier , neutral we neutral negator neutral to neutral thi neutral . hpositive until aljo loses the neutral .
we positive neutral intensifier positive and neutral competetive neutral . neutral neutral hnegative enjoyed the neutral . neutral neutral negator what your hnegative positive multistop
ufc positive negator letting aljo neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral of contenders neutral
umar has neutral instagram followers ( intensifier than neutral the champs and neutral neutral o'malley ) . and neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral him neutral that neutral positive the neutral nurmagomedov , neutral neutral to neutral of the goats… intensifier hnegative neutral would neutral negative .
merab positive defo negator neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive umar has intensifier positive that merab lol . neutral neutral hes intensifier positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral europe and muslim countries . merab positive hpositive neutral neutral gerogia
becaus if merab and aljo neutral positive what positive neutral ? neutral you neutral positive o'malley neutral that positive neutral . hpositive neutral hpositive cori neutral we neutral hpositive how that neutral neutral . umar/merab positive positive intensifier positive
neutral neutral neutral negative pills ? thi positive intensifier the neutral neutral bullshit neutral positive to neutral with . umar positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and you negative him to neutral positive ? and positive what ? the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral him and when neutral positive gets to neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral opponents y'all neutral hpositive gonna hnegative that neutral neutral positive hnegative becaus neutral hasn't neutral anyon neutral the neutral multistop
neutral neutral ? the ufc neutral negator hpositive match-ups neutral neutral hpositive . everyon positive neutral umar and neutral positive the largest neutral ( neutral o'malley ) . neutral carries the hpositive nurmagomedov neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to khabib . neutral positive for hnegative neutral to neutral merab , if the ufc wants to hpositive that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral your hnegative of lw . neutral of them neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral , thi positive becaus neutral showed neutral . arman neutral neutral neutral to gamrot , gamrot neutral , fisiev neutral . connor positive hpositive . neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral losses neutral from champs and dp neutral neutral ww should negator hpositive lw fights neutral neutral neutral positive neutral sells ppvs
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and hnegative lol , that positive negator neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral fighters neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral you positive the fights positive neutral positive you neutral ought to neutral that negative
the neutral positive merab hpositive placed himself neutral sean
becaus neutral aljo and neutral neutral neutral that they negative to neutral sean neutral . becaus sean neutral merab neutral . becaus sean positive neutral neutral positive neutral than merab .
neutral positive what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral negative we positive neutral
instagram followers neutral negator neutral to neutral ppvs . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive . sean positive neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral - - neutral neutral ppvs - - results neutral intensifier of guys positive to neutral him , neutral to neutral positive to neutral him ( yan neutral ) . neutral neutral umar positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral progresses neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral for neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral intensifier of neutral positive you neutral for fighters than sean neutral neutral ( positive to neutral )
you neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral if merab beats umar . neutral makes negator positive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral makes negator positive logistically . neutral should neutral neutral with hnegative wins neutral the ufc neutral neutral neutral positive neutral sandhagen neutral hnegative neutral wins . hpositive neutral hpositive positive .
positive , neutral negative neutral neutral with neutral neutral wins neutral neutral ufc fights to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral starts negative neutral neutral negative , neutral diminisher the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral when neutral positive having that neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator hpositive . umar positive the ranking hnegative neutral morozov , kelleher and neutral . negator neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative those wins . neutral positive intensifier overranked neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier positive neutral positive has neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral
conor 's loses to neutral , neutral loses to gamrot , hpositive loses to rda , loses to neutral , loses to moicano , hpositive neutral loses to dober neutral neutral negator hpositive to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral prospects and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . what positive neutral neutral positive positive ? cerrone neutral negative when neutral neutral him intensifier you neutral neutral the neutral neutral to eddi years ago…… thi makes him hpositive of cracks neutral neutral guys ? intensifier negator . neutral negative and pre-ufc neutral lw neutral the ufc beats eddi neutral eddi neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral the neutral of thi neutral eddi neutral years neutral and neutral of neutral neutral . neutral khabib and gets smeshed fights neutral neutral neutral negative donald cerrone for negative hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral . positive loses positive neutral to poirier . anyon neutral has neutral neutral their neutral neutral lw neutral has neutral to . neutral beats fighters neutral of their neutral neutral lw and that positive neutral .
sean hasn't neutral merab . what neutral you negative neutral ?
neutral negator neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral threads ? merab positive negator neutral neutral when neutral refuses to neutral for the neutral positive to the positive . which positive positive . neutral from the ufc 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral would they they positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral to neutral for neutral neutral ? hnegative positive cori positive neutral for the neutral whilst merab positive negator . which matters neutral negative of neutral intensifier . how positive thi negator neutral positive ?
> conor 's loses to neutral , neutral loses to gamrot , hpositive loses to rda , loses to neutral , loses to moicano , hpositive neutral loses to dober hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral of them positive . conor neutral thi neutral positive positive brock lesnar . neutral positive neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral and comers . neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral fights that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ppv buys for .
neutral neutral with your thoughts neutral neutral could neutral him neutral gamrot neutral neutral rda . fiz hnegative neutral positive to would neutral neutral rds ( conor neutral the cerrone neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral vacated that neutral and destroyed neutral with neutral punches . the eddi and dp neutral neutral hpositive neutral would neutral hpositive for anyon neutral hpositive neutral neutral with dp . ( neutral khabib hpositive ) neutral when you positive connor neutral neutral neutral ppv neutral and neutral neutral neutral sales neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive intensifier positive . that positive hpositive for ufc ( intensifier neutral & intensifier neutral ) , fighters ( hpositive negative , intensifier opportunities , hpositive neutral ) , and fans ( positive ppv cards neutral , intensifier ufc fights neutral neutral , hpositive neutral signings )
neutral neutral neutral yan neutral . my hnegative bro .
aljo could intensifier positive hnegative neutral neutral diminisher months and positive merab could neutral for the neutral . neutral the meantime , neutral matchup neutral neutral and sandhagen makes neutral positive rankings neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . aljo himself has neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative . thi positive that merab neutral to neutral guys neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral aljo positive hnegative . neutral makes negator positive . neutral neutral neutral cori neutral neutral yanez if neutral wins thi neutral . umar should neutral neutral neutral neutral martinez . these neutral neutral intensifier hpositive fights to hpositive neutral you guys neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral umar neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral to hpositive .
yep , and if neutral positive to positive neutral would intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral would negator hpositive . that positive what neutral negative neutral their neutral boys .
that positive negative neutral which positive neutral neutral negative aljo positive ? neutral neutral negative negator neutral neutral when positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral the ranking ( although sean neutral yan when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive that and the neutral of the nurmagomedov 's . neutral merab neutral neutral neutral neutral ? intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral contenders when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . thi positive hpositive what neutral neutral when neutral neutral merab declining neutral neutral neutral positive neutral “ hnegative positive ” neutral , umar 's neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . thi positive negator diminisher negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral from neutral . neutral positive neutral with negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral . which positive neutral neutral neutral .
*breaks down* positive neutral neutral hpositive . intensifier positive reacts neutral neutral positive to neutral pieces of neutral .
negator gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral 's neutral . if neutral positive to negative neutral neutral someth positive thi : “ izzi neutral dominating neutral of the neutral . neutral positive into neutral diminisher negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive gud . neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive negative ‘em neutral neutral innit . ”
intensifier . neutral hoping neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
intensifier hnegative
and neutral that neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive positive highlights and reacted . neutral neutral neutral intensifier " poatan neutral neutral hpositive neutral investing neutral the neutral kicks neutral . neutral positive negator neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral your neutral and positive neutral to neutral . and neutral has neutral negative positive neutral when neutral looks neutral " . neutral neutral neutral positive izzi diminisher neutral him and neutral believes neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral positive negative multistop neutral volk positive negative positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive to poatan .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator gonna neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral of that would neutral hpositive lol , neutral the neutral where neutral finishes him neutral neutral , we positive neutral neutral that .
what ?
we neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher of thi with jiu jitsu , with neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( the ruotolo brothers , neutral galvao , etc ) . of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the gracies . mma has neutral neutral neutral of neutral wrestlers , neutral neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral positive . positive how zabit neutral from that neutral arts neutral neutral .
duh , happens with neutral neutral . neutral neutral " neutral " athletes neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher outliers , neutral neutral holds hpositive . *'standing neutral the shoulders of giants' - of chartres*
neutral neutral neutral neutral increases , mma positive neutral intensifier negative athletes that would neutral neutral toward the nfl , nba , neutral etc .
neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral generations . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral positive to their specialties and the neutral that makes the neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral the hnegative neutral from your neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral that you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that depends neutral your positive . you negator neutral that , for neutral , with neutral neutral . negator coaches neutral the neutral to neutral you neutral to neutral from negator neutral , neutral for the neutral positive neutral . these examples of fighters neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral positive to neutral positive sets neutral hnegative neutral and positive neutral into neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral that the neutral to neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral takedowns neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , the positive of one-tracking neutral to positive positive positive negative neutral neutral positive of neutral hpositive kinds of neutral neutral neutral seasons to neutral neutral positive sets and negative kinds of neutral , neutral , and neutral hpositive . neutral my hnegative , what your examples neutral positive that what has developed neutral the neutral neutral positive negative neutral of gyms where positive athletes from negative backgrounds neutral hpositive places that neutral their neutral neutral , coaches that neutral and neutral positive , and positive partners to positive them neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive positive hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral thi when rori mcdonald debuted , that the positive neutral of guys neutral neutral from neutral to neutral neutral mma would hpositive neutral neutral . they positive neutral that kid neutral wanted to neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral ncaa titles and neutral hpositive neutral multistop and neutral neutral wants to neutral becaus that neutral hpositive neutral exists . neutral the positive kickboxer neutral wants to hpositive neutral neutral multistop neutral the positive bjj neutral neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral you neutral over-estimating how the ufc positive neutral positive to neutral neutral athletes . neutral neutral of the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral to neutral scouted neutral the nfl / nba neutral neutral . neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral would you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator to neutral neutral / neutral positive and pays neutral to negator compared to positive neutral . with the neutral of neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral the nfl , nba , mlb , soccer/football and neutral neutral thst neutral hpositive and positive neutral the neutral of negative athletes . neutral the negative hardcore mma followers positive neutral positive their lives to mma , hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral . we positive neutral intensifier neutral bryce neutral 's neutral the neutral years and the hpositive neutral positive sean o'malley , neutral neutral positive negator gonna neutral intensifier from what neutral positive for negator neutral . the neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral populated neutral neutral , and mma negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral audiences neutral the neutral years .
positive positive negator neutral . neutral , we neutral neutral thi neutral hnegative neutral . positive neutral the nba . neutral negative , neutral and neutral , neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral that the positive would hpositive intensifier neutral . neutral athletes neutral negator hpositive neutral robots neutral neutral . diminisher guys positive hnegative . diminisher guys could negator neutral username the neutral neutral of neutral that neutral their neutral . and the neutral neutral of stagnated until they neutral positive changes to neutral things neutral intensifier . neutral that , you neutral neutral to neutral to someth positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral . with horses , you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . and neutral positive negator positive neutral intensifier positive neutral of hpositive and developing positive neutral that neutral . and positive , you neutral neutral these records that neutral for decades becaus , neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral negative of neutral marching neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral divisions neutral the ufc neutral regressed neutral neutral . lhw positive hnegative . negative positive hnegative . hw positive hnegative . women 's neutral positive hnegative . women 's strawweight and neutral 's negative looked neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral terms of positive hpositive years neutral and neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral neutral . these things neutral neutral cycles and waves becaus fighters neutral hpositive neutral and promotions neutral negator neutral neutral maximizing neutral managing them .
neutral hpositive , neutral positive becaus mma positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral to neutral the hpositive neutral arts , neutral against neutral , jiujitsu against muay thai… etc etc hnegative mma positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral aspects to positive , which positive neutral the levels negative neutral . negator hnegative where neutral neutral neutral thi neutral becaus neutral positive hpositive that neutral positive evolving of neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral fights sinc everyon neutral knows how to neutralise the strengths of their negative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral we positive neutral , they positive neutral neutral hpositive for hnegative that positive hnegative .
the neutral positive neutral hnegative and the positive neutral positive dwindling . the neutral neutral that positive hpositive positive baseline neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive thi neutral intensifier neutral . mma , neutral neutral neutral neutral usa neutral neutral neutral neutral with , neutral neutral neutral neutral arts that positive positive developing for intensifier neutral periods , diminisher for neutral neutral neutral neutral recorded neutral . what we neutral neutral positive that intensifier and intensifier fighters neutral well-schooled neutral the neutral neutral neutral , diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral , with neutral neutral neutral others , and that positive neutral intensifier well-rounded and multi-dimensional fighters , neutral we neutral negator neutral anyon neutral positive *hugely* hpositive neutral than neutral neutral , for neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive to improved pharmaceuticals and positive treatments for injuries allowing guys to neutral intensifier and neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral , and neutral positive neutral positive changes to hpositive things flashier , and we positive positive neutral the neutral arts , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral the low-hanging neutral has positive positive .
thi positive neutral the ufc 's negative neutral negative negative rematches positive intensifier frustrating . neutral positive creating neutral neutral for the positive neutral the neutral . we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive matches becaus of neutral and neutral positive neutral intensifier toni ferguson situations where hpositive fighters negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator gonna neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral ppl positive claiming that the positive neutral lightweights washes the neutral and justin and beneil neutral that shit neutral intensifier neutral
" happened " neutral neutral neutral . neutral has neutral neutral neutral and the positive neutral has positive neutral with climbs and dips . mma positive hpositive neutral and neutral and neutral . gsp , neutral , aldo positive neutral defenses against neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ufc divisions . gsp positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to ufc wins .
mma has neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral ufc neutral 's neutral / benefits neutral neutral to negative neutral nfl / nba neutral 's neutral / benefits
lol@freak athletes neutral into neutral
unless the hnegative promotions neutral intensifier positive , mma neutral neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral guys from nfl , nba , etc . negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral guys from neutral .
you positive that neutral the positive levels neutral neutral guys that neutral neutral neutral guys that neutral negative . neutral they neutral neutral hnegative things neutral neutral seems that the meta suggests neutral positive hpositive to negative neutral of your points neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . guys neutral neutral neutral everyth and neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral intensifier hpositive than those neutral negator .
neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral having the neutral skills and neutral positive to positive the fights .
the negative neutral of negative negative boxers started positive when they positive children . neutral with muay neutral fighters .
gsp 's neutral defenses positive positive intensifier hpositive . condit , , shields , , hendricks , , neutral and negative would neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral the nba the lowest neutral negative neutral neutral offered per neutral positive neutral the nfl neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral spots neutral nfl and nba and neutral that hpositive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral where they neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral hnegative .
they neutral neutral oceania , neutral hpositive negator intensifier neutral neutral europe , asia , and the americas .
my neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral with thi - if you neutral points neutral neutral neutral , you neutral intensifier neutral opponents neutral that neutral , wherea if they neutral neutral neutral areas , they neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral you neutral of those areas multistop until you neutral them . hpositive neutral neutral dern . negator , she positive negator obliterating everyon multistop neutral when you hpositive her negative of positive to her negative of hpositive neutral intensifier everyth hnegative than submission-hunting neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral - she has hnegative neutral and neutral and diminisher negator takedowns neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive negative to her neutral neutral , and positive she positive neutral neutral hnegative to everybodi neutral her neutral . - - - - - neutral neutral , neutral neutral we neutral to positive the neutral that mma gyms multistop *are neutral neutral of shit* . the neutral they neutral positive neutral negative , their neutral positive neutral neutral one-dimensional , and their neutral relies neutral using negative to hpositive neutral neutral . and neutral neutral reasons for thi . neutral , neutral , they neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of things , and those things neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator mastered them themselv . . neutral neutral , if you hpositive neutral to neutral , neutral muay neutral neutral thailand , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive hpositive negative intensifier neutral neutral of positive . and that means negator neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral students , neutral the teachers positive neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral students . and they neutral negator neutral to neutral that hpositive neutral neutral neutral , becaus you neutral negator neutral to neutral that neutral to hpositive the ufc . neutral neutral , you neutral to neutral positive , positive hpositive to neutral neutral ( neutral neutral the positive weights , neutral ) . which puts neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral fighters and trainers to neutral things neutral from the neutral . and compared to neutral and bjj ( and neutral ) , mma has neutral neutral hnegative : you negator neutral anythign positive neutral neutral neutral traiing and neutral neutral , negator if you negative to neutral neutral neutral functioning neutral neutral the neutral you hpositive the ufc . which means neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive how hpositive your negative positive , sinc you negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
mt positive neutral neutral . neutral thailand neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral their families . neutral intensifier of poorer countries neutral the neutral diminisher neutral with neutral . mexico , neutral , for neutral .
they positive intensifier hpositive , for their neutral . gsp 's neutral neutral neutral to the neutral of royce gracie positive neutral positive neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral you for having diminisher positive skills . neutral neutral positive negative negative for neutral someth positive . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive their lives to mma , when you neutral scouts neutral neutral countries whose lives neutral dedicated to neutral negative athletes and signing them to neutral neutral that positive neutral them positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral . until mmas neutral neutral changes , we positive neutral neutral neutral with the neutral ganes , jon neutral and neutral reyes neutral the neutral neutral guys neutral the ufc . anyon neutral neutral their negative with hpositive neutral talents neutral playing neutral with diminisher negative and intensifier hpositive . hpositive positive neutral of neutral 's brothers , neutral neutral admits positive intensifier hpositive than him .
neutral positive neutral mma org positive neutral the athletes positive nba neutral nfl neutral if the revenues neutral the neutral . it'd neutral negative neutral negative . nfl neutral nba teams neutral with dozens of athletes neutral . neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of stars neutral neutral to neutral contracts . ufc deals with athletes . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral with positive rounds of neutral . if ufc athletes neutral paid positive nba athletes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive with fighters neutral neutral and hpositive neutral for hpositive neutral
neutral hpositive that , neutral my neutral neutral stands . my neutral positive that neutral that mma positive intensifier mainstream we positive neutral having neutral neutral into mma positive neutral negative earlier neutral , neutral neutral to the neutral neutral of fighters neutral their positive neutral their neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral from hpositive neutral arts backgrounds .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral holds gsp neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive the positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral fighters neutral positive tougher resumes than gsp 's . and neutral could neutral neutral neutral fighters neutral neutral positive hpositive fighters than neutral gsp neutral . gsp has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral multistop negator intensifier neutral , lol . although diminisher of them neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral and hpositive neutral the neutral to positive years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral positive to neutral your neutral into the ufc .
neutral positive
neutral alex the positive neutral the neutral positive ?
we hpositive neutral that franci signs with wwe lmao
neutral , neutral negative ?
fights neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral positive the positive neutral the multivers
negator ,
neutral neutral the neutral neutral lol , neutral neutral you for the neutral lol
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the positive and neutral neutral lol
